Data Privacy Policy (App)
Last updated on September 21, 2023
flocbit software, Julian Meier, Revaler Straße 101, 10243 Berlin
1. Subject of this privacy information
1.1. This data privacy policy informs you which personal data we collect when you use our app “Sonuby” and how we process it. Personal data is all data that can be related to you personally, such as name, address, e-mail address. In addition, we inform you about the rights to which you are entitled.
1.2. This privacy policy is currently valid. Due to further development of our app or due to changes in legal or regulatory requirements, it may become necessary to change this privacy policy. You can access the current version before downloading on the app description page in the app stores and at any time within the app via the menu and on Sonuby.com.
2. Person responsible for data processing
2.1. Responsible in the sense of Art. 4 No. 7 of the General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) is:
Julian Meier
flocbit software
Revaler Straße 101
10243
Berlin
Germany
E-Mail:
mail@flocbit.com
2.2. Questions or comments regarding this privacy policy should be sent to the following e-mail address:
mail@flocbit.com
.
3. Device information and location data
3.1. We collect device information and your IP address. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. The data processing is necessary to protect our legitimate interests in an optimal presentation of our app and is therefore carried out on the legal basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) DSGVO.
3.2. When querying weather data for a specific location entered by you, your location is not queried. When requesting location-based weather data at your location, your location will be requested via GPS or - if GPS is not available - determined via your IP. Your location data will be passed on to the provider of the weather data. The collection and forwarding of location data is necessary for the fulfillment of the usage contract concluded with you and is therefore based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) DSGVO.
4. Usage analysis & advertising
4.1. We use analysis tools to analyze the usage behavior of our users and to further develop and improve our app on this basis. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in developing our app according to the needs of users.
4.2. We use advertising tools to show you targeted advertising in the free basic version. Targeted advertising is necessary to be able to finance a free version. The legal basis is therefore our legitimate interest in marketing our app.
4.3. Analytics tools can be disabled by you when you first use the app or at a later time.
5. Third-party tools
5.1. We use various third-party tools within the app, such as the “Google Maps” mapping service. When you use our app, third-party providers receive usage data from you, which they may link to other data. The use of third-party tools is necessary to operate our app efficiently.
5.2. You can view a list of third-party tools via the app menu and deactivate them when using the app for the first time or at a later time if they are not technically necessary.
6. Communication
6.1. If you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, we will regularly send you current information and offers on our products or services. The data processing when ordering our newsletter is based on the legal basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a) DSGVO in connection with your consent to receive the newsletter. We store your consent for verification and documentation purposes for up to three years after the last newsletter was sent to you or your declaration of revocation.
6.2. If you write us a message via the contact form, the data you enter will be stored for the purpose of individual communication with you. Data will be deleted no later than 6 months after processing the request. The processing of the data entered in the contact form is based on our legitimate interest within the meaning of Art 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. By providing the contact form, we would like to enable you to contact us in an uncomplicated manner.
6.3. When you enable push messages, we send notifications to your device. Push messages contain important information to increase the added value of the app. The legal basis for receiving push messages is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a) DSGVO.
7. Transaction data
7.1. When you take out a paid subscription, transaction data is passed on to us by the store operators. We store this data until the expiry of statutory retention periods.
7.2. Transaction data is disclosed within the scope of accounting to third parties who are either subject to a professional duty of confidentiality (e.g., tax consultants) or with whom we have concluded a data processing contract.
8. Your rights as a data subject
8.1. You have the right to request information at any time about whether and which of your data we process and for what purpose, and to whom and on what basis it is disclosed (Art. 15 DSGVO). This also includes your right to receive copies. In the case of a large data stock, users may be asked to specify the information on certain types of data. The information must be provided without delay and may in no case take longer than one month.
8.2. You also have the right to have inaccurately collected personal data corrected or incompletely collected data completed (Art. 16 GDPR).
8.3. Furthermore, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your data, provided that the legal requirements for this are met (Art. 18 DSGVO).
8.4. In addition, you have the so-called “right to be forgotten”, i.e. you can demand that we delete your personal data, provided that the legal requirements for this are met (Art. 17 DSGVO). Irrespective of this, your personal data will be automatically deleted by us if the purpose of the data collection has ceased to exist, or the data processing has been carried out unlawfully.
8.5. You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, common, and machine-readable format or to request the transfer to another controller (Art. 20 DSGVO).
8.6. According to Art. 7 (3) DSGVO, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time. This has the consequence that we may no longer continue the data processing based on this consent for the future.
8.7. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time, provided that a right of objection is provided for by law. In the event of an effective objection, your personal data will be deleted by us (Art. 21 DSGVO).
8.8. Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you violates the GDPR. The competent supervisory authority for us is, among others, the State Commissioner for Data Protection.