Privacy Policy
We, Hangzhou AtlasV Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates, are committed to protecting your privacy. We limit the collection of your information. We only collect information that is required to maintain Collart.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share your information in connection with your use of our websites, services, and applications (collectively, “Collart”). The Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you send and/or receive from third party websites that you may process through Collart.
1.Information We Collect and How We Use it:
1.1 Information that you give us
We collect the information that you give us through your interaction with Collart. The amount of information you give us depends on your privacy settings.
If you contact us directly, we may receive information such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other personal information you may choose to provide to us in your communication to us.
We use your email to:
(1) Communicate with you;
(2) Send you updates and announcements; and send marketing information, such as our offers, surveys, invitations, and other content.
You may withdraw your consent to our use of your email address for the above purposes.
1.2 Information necessary for us to maintain the quality of Collart
We collect the following information related to your use of Collart:
(1) Information related to versions of Collart: we collect information related to your version of Collart. This allows us to efficiently identify and eliminate technical issues that you may face.
(2) Information related to app services: we collect abstracted information related to your use of Collart. This includes your country, your city, and your internet service provider. You cannot be identified from this abstracted information.
(3) Amount of information transferred: we collect the aggregate sum of information transferred to ensure individual users do not use too much information at the expense of other users.
(4) Anonymous information for network diagnostics, study and analysis: We collect anonymized information to operate Collart, including diagnostic information service failures, network failures, and crash reports.
2.USE OF INFORMATION
We use, combine, and process your information for the following purposes:
2.1 Security
We authenticate your use of Collart by assigning a unique identifier to you. This unique identifier identifies you through your device identification code without reference to other information. The purpose of the unique identifier is for us to determine the level of service you have signed up for before we establish your Collart connection.
We do not use other forms of your information to verify your identity.
2.2 System diagnostics
We use your information related to your Collart usage to perform internal operations necessary to maintain Collart. This includes troubleshooting operational problems, conducting information analysis, and analyzing activity trends.
2.3 Customer support
We use your information to resolve customer support issues. For example, we may investigate and address concerns, monitor and improve our customer support responses, respond to your questions and feedback, and inform you of steps taken to resolve customer support issues.
We may communicate with you to provide you with updates relating to Collart, and for marketing and promotional purposes.
2.4 Research and development
We use your information to understand and analyze your use of Collart to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
2.5 Service providers
We use information from service providers and third-party vendors to provide and market Collart.
3.SHARING AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
We share and transfer your information in various ways, including the following:
3.1 Aggregated anonymous information
We use and share your information with our partners in aggregated or anonymized form that cannot be used to identify individual users.
3.2 Referral
If you sign up for Collart through a referral from a friend, we may let your friend know that you used their referral to sign up for Collart.
3.3 Analytics
We share and transfer your anonymized statistics and analytics information for network diagnostics.
3.4 Business transfers
Your information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
3.5 With your consent
We may share your information with your consent.
3.6 International information transfers:
We may transfer your information to countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected. We will ensure your information is protected before transferring the information.
4.SECURITY MEASURES
We implement robust security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal, or similar risks. We ensure that our computer networks are secure. We adopt access control measures. Our staff’s access to your information is restricted to a need-to-know basis.
We do not collect or store any traffic information or personal information in our information centers.
5.
INFORMATION RETENTION
We retain your information when we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, such as providing you with a service you requested, or complying with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will delete or anonymize it. If it is not possible to delete or anonymize your information (for example, because it has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store it and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6.RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
We will erase your information when:
(1) Your information is no longer necessary for the purpose which we originally collected or processed it for;
(2) You withdraw your consent to us holding your information, and we are relying on your consent as the lawful basis for holding on to your information;
(3) You object to our processing of your information, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue such processing; or
(4) We are processing your information for direct marketing purposes and you object to that processing.
7.THIRD PARTY SERVICES
You may access other third party services while using Collart, for example, by clicking on links of third party services from within Collart. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services. We encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies.
8.CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
If you are under 18 years old, you may use Collart only with the consent, involvement, and supervision of a parent or guardian.
9.ACCESS
When you become a user of Collart, you may request to access your information that is associated only with you by emailing support@mail.pinkwing.net.
To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before acceding to your request. Upon our approval of your access request, we will provide you with your information that is in our possession or under our control. Where applicable, we will provide you with information about the ways in which your information has been or may have been used or disclosed by us within a year of your request. We may charge you a fee for the access request.
10.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
To ensure compliance with applicable laws, this Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time without prior notice to you. Your continued use of Collart constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites.
If we materially change the ways in which we use or share your information previously collected through Collart, we will notify you through Collart, email, or other communication.
Third Part Policy check list：
Analytics platform:
Google Analytics https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html/
Firebase https://firebase.google.com/terms/