Back to home
Privacy policy
19th of October 2021
Our Privacy Policy is fueled by our commitment to the following Privacy Principles:
​
We're deeply committed to creating a safe and secure online environment for You.
We do not sell Your personal information to third parties.
We strive to provide You with access to and control the information You give us, and we take the protection of your data very seriously.
We do not display any advertising. Our mission is to provide You with a great product experience.
8x3 ("us" or "we") feels strongly about protecting Your privacy. We understand how important privacy is to You, and we are committed to creating a safe and secure environment. This Privacy Policy applies to our mobile application "8x3" designed for tracking Your progress with Reddit bodyweight fitness recommended routine ("Application"). This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and protect the information You provide on our Application and describes the choices available to you regarding our use of Your personal information and how You can access and update this information.
​
By choosing to use our Application, You: (I) consent to the collection and use of information concerning this Privacy Policy, (II) warrant and guarantee that You are over nine (9) years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under nine (9) years of age).
​
Please do not use the Application or access its services if You do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
What kind of information do we collect?
For now, we do not collect information that can identify You ("Personal Information"). All the Personal Information that you enter into the Application remains on your mobile or tab device without any external storage.
Some information such as cookies may be collected automatically for technical reasons. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on Your device used as a unique anonymous identifier. Please note that cookies commonly do not contain personal information. This Application does not use these cookies explicitly.
We do not collect any of Your information for marketing or analytics purposes.
To whom and what do we share this information for and how may we disclose it?
We do not share Your Personal Information with any third parties.
Personal Information Transfers
Please note that when You provide Personal Information through our Application, the information remains on your device without going to the external server. In this case, no transfers will apply to Your Personal Information while using our Application.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION
If You would like to update or correct any information that You have provided through Your use of the Application, You may use the Application to do so. If You need help with rectifying data You think is inaccurate, do not hesitate to get in touch with us via email at
8x3.app@gmail.com.
To erase Your Personal Information, delete such information from the Application. We do not collect or store any of your Personal Information.
How We Secure Your information
Security is our highest priority. Our Application has been designed with Your security and privacy in mind. In our Application, we do not collect, store, transfer, or disclose Your Personal Information.
​
Please note that You shall be responsible for the safety of your Personal Information stored on your device.
Children's Privacy
​
This service does not address anyone under the age of nine (9). If You are a parent or a guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us with Personal Information, please get in touch with us so that we can take the necessary actions.
Retention
We will retain Your information for as long as the Application is installed on Your mobile device or as needed to provide You with our service. If You remove the Application, Your information would be removed without any retention or external storage.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, You are advised to check our Application occasionally to inform Yourself of any changes. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Your continued use of the Application after changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted will constitute Your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Us
Please submit any questions, concerns, or comments You have about this Privacy Policy or any requests concerning Your Personal Information via email to
8x3.app@gmail.com
.