Last Revised: 20
th
February 2020
Z&K Games, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Company” or “we””)
respects the privacy of the users (“User” or “you”) of the mobile applications
we distribute (“Apps”) and are committed to protect Users’ information. We believe
you have a right to know our practices regarding information we may collect and
use when you use our Apps.
Note that the “Children Privacy
Policy” (Chapter A below) and the “Z&K Games Privacy Policy” (Chapter B
below), and each together with Chapter C detailed below, shall be referred to
collectively as “
this Privacy Policy
”.
1. Your
consent (important, please read carefully!)
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE
DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU
AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING
TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
PLEASE
NOTE
: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM
PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MUST NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE
REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE ALL OUR APPS FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
If you are under the age of eighteen
(18), please ensure that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this
Privacy Policy.
Chapter A: Children Privacy Policy
This Children Privacy Policy is designated to provide you with guidance
regarding our privacy practices and principles with respect to collecting,
using and disclosing personal information regarding children using our Children
Apps and Users who indicate at an age-gate in our Apps that they are under 16.
For the purposes of Chapter A, the term “Children Apps” will include the
age-gated section of Apps accessible only to Users indicating they are under
16, and “children” will include Users indicating at an age-gate that they are
under 16. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children
other than as expressly specified in Sections below.
We hereby prohibit children from actively and directly providing us with
any personal information other than as specified in the sections below. If you
are a legal guardian of a child and believe your child has provided us with any
personal information, please contact us at
zandkglobal@gmail.com
and we will delete such information
from our servers.
We may collect and maintain the information described in Section 2,
directly or through certain products or services, solely for providing support
for our internal operations as permitted under applicable laws and rules
(described in greater detail below).
2. Online
Use
These are the types of data and
information which may be collected from Users of our Children Apps:
2.1
Non-personal
Information
:
We and
our Third Parties may passively collect non-identifiable and anonymous
information as detailed below (“
Non-personal Information
”). To
put it simply, with respect to such children Non-personal Information, we and
our Third Parties are not aware of the identity of the User from whom children
Non-personal Information has been collected. Children Non-personal Information
collected by us or our Third Parties may include technical information such as:
type and version of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), User session
ID, time zone, session start / stop time, source of traffic (e.g. which ads,
sites, applications and campaigns a User came from and associated revenue), App
version, language (e.g. English), device type/model (e.g. Galaxy, iPhone,
etc.), data regarding User behavior within Children Apps (e.g. ad impressions,
User’s response to ads, including ads viewed or clicked), User’s in-app
purchases including data regarding receipt validation, User’s gameplay (e.g.
level reached, frequency and time spent in the Children App and in each level,
game progress, fail rate, mini game(s) played, virtual currency (if any)
collected or earned, virtual inventory items (if any), tools and in-app
functionalities used, screens accessed, User retention, performance errors and
problems (e.g. Children Apps’ stability, crashes, functioning, etc.), and other
predefined events and behavior relating thereto (e.g. if User viewed a specific
ad and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi,
3G), device time zone, etc.), our other installed Apps, User age-related
information (if a User passes an age-gate i.e. if the User is below or above
the age of 13 or the minimum age of majority), and geo-location – only at a
country and city level. It is hereby clarified that no street name is
collected.
2.2 Children’ Persistent Device
Identifier and No Other children personal
identifiable information
:
We and Third Parties may passively
collect a persistent device identifier from children, such as advertising identifier
(IDFA, Advertising ID). We do not collect and do not permit Third Parties to collect
from children any information that may personally identify an individual (e.g.
name, address, e-mail) or any other personally identifiable information of a
private and/or sensitive nature about children. We note that we may collect,
use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with
the applicable platform provider’s policies.
We do not collect or process any financial or payment information, any
government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information,
any microphone and camera sensor data, or any sensitive device data concerning
children.
2.3 Purpose of the collection:
The information described above is collected and processed solely for
the purpose of supporting our internal operations. This means the following:
(i)  Providing and improving Children Apps as well as ensuring
proper functioning of the Apps and services;
(ii) Maintaining or analyzing the functioning of Children Apps and
services;
(iii) Authenticating purchases by Users in the app stores (to provide
in-app purchases);
(iv) Personalizing content and enhancing User experience;
(v) Performing network communications;
(vi) Protecting the security or integrity of Users, Children Apps and
services;
(vii) Serving contextual advertisements;
(viii) Capping the frequency of advertising;
(ix) Ensuring legal or regulatory compliance;
The collection and/or processing in connection with these purposes will
performed as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
How is the Information about our Users of Children Apps being
collected?
The
Non-personal Information and Children Persistent Device Identifier are
collected either by us or our Third Parties through the Users’ use of Children
Apps, including through Third Parties’ SDKs embedded in our Children Apps.
Non-personal Information and Children Persistent Device Identifier may also be
stored locally on the Users’ device via generally accepted industry
technologies used within Children Apps, such as “cookies-like technology” and
local storage.
If Third Parties collect Non-personal
Information, Children Persistent Device Identifier and/or any other information
directly from children, such collection and processing is governed by such
Third Parties’ privacy policies. However, all Third Parties are carefully
selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that
they are compliant with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and
guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider in performance of their
services.
3. Sharing
children information with third parties
We may share the Children Persistent Device Identifier only in limited
cases, including the following:
a.
to
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental
request;
b.
to
enforce this Children Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including
investigation of potential violations thereof;
c.
to
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
d.
to
protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users,
suppliers, licensors, and/or licensees, or the general public;
e.
when
the Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger,
acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company,
in which case it may also be disclosed, transferred and/or assigned; and/or
f.
Pursuant
to the approval of a child’s legal guardian, in order to supply certain
services that such legal guardian or the User of Children Apps may have
requested from the Company.
To clarify, we may transfer and
disclose Children Non-personal Information to third parties at its discretion.
4. Advertising
We accept ads from Third Party ad networks which may be displayed in
Children Apps. These Third Parties ad networks are carefully selected to ensure
compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant
with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the
applicable Platform Provider. Note that if the User of Children Apps clicks on
any of these ads, the User will leave our Children Apps and go to the
advertisers’ site which the User selected, and the advertisers may use cookies
and other tracking technologies to collect Non-personal Information and/or
children personally identifiable information. We recommend that children and
their legal guardians review the terms of use and privacy policies of these
advertisers. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those
interactions. We may also promote Children Apps in Third Parties’ applications
and platforms.
In addition, we may advertise our
other Apps within Children Apps. Such ads are not directed towards specific
Users but are rather broadly posted onto random Apps.
5. Additional
Terms and Conditions
See further terms and conditions which
also apply to Users of Children Apps in Chapter C below: “Terms and Conditions
Common to Both Children Privacy Policy and Z & K Games Privacy Policy”.
Chapter B: Z & K Games Apps Privacy Policy
This Z & K Games Privacy Policy is designated to provide you with
guidance regarding our privacy practices and principles with respect to
collecting, using and disclosing personal information regarding Users of our Z
& K Games Apps and Users who indicate at an age gate in our Children Apps
that they are above the age of 16. For the purposes of Chapter B, the term “Z
& K Games Apps” will include the age-gated section of Apps accessible only
to Users indicating they are above the age of 16.
6. Which
information may be processed from Users of our Z & K Games Apps?
There are two types of information which may be processed about Users of
our Z & K Games Apps:
6.1
Non-personal Information
. Non-identifiable and anonymous
information (“
Non-personal Information
”) may be collected, stored
and/or processed by us and/or third party providers of certain products and
services, such as ad networks, analytics, etc. (“
Third Party(ies)
”).
We
and
our Third Parties do not know the identity of the User from whom Non-personal
Information has been collected.
Non-personal Information is any
information which is available to us and/or our Third Parties through use by
Users of the Z & K Games Apps. For details of the categories of data
constituting Non-personal Information please refer to Section 3.1
above. Some jurisdictions consider this information to be personal
information.
Game Center Features
: If a User enables Game Center
Features in Z & K Games Apps, then we will be provided with access to the
identifier number of the User’s Game Center account (i.e. access token).
In addition, we may collect and/or process, directly or through Third
Parties, the following Personal Information:
1.
We note that we may collect, use and provide access to
the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable Platform
Provider’s rules, policies and guidelines.
In addition, Third Parties may track and collect information regarding
your on-line activities over time and across different online platforms (such
as websites, applications, etc.).
To clarify, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to or
associated with any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal
Information as long as such connection, linkage or association exists.
We do not collect or process any
financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any
non-public phonebook or contact information, any microphone and camera sensor
data, or any sensitive device data concerning Users.
7. How is the
Information about Our Users collected?
7.
1
No
n
-personal Information may be collected through your
use of the
Z & K Games
Apps
.
In other words, when you are using a Z & K Games App,
we and our Third Parties are aware of it and may gather information relating to
such usage, through the Z & K Games Apps, APIs or SDKs embedded in our Z
& K Games Apps. In addition, local Non-personal Information may also be
stored on your device via generally accepted industry technologies used within
the Z & K Games Apps, such as “cookies” and local storage
7.2 Personal
Information which you provide us directly and/or through Third Parties via your
installation and/or use of the
Z & K Games
Apps
or your behavior to ads inside such Apps.
This information is collected via the Z
& K Games Apps or such Third Parties’ APIs or SDKs embedded in our Z &
K Games Apps.  In addition, local Personal Information may also be stored
on your device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Z
& K Games Apps, such as “cookies” and local storage.
8. What are
the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
Non-personal Information is collected
in order to:
·
Use
it for statistical, analytical and research or business intelligence purposes
(e.g., to track trends within our Z & K Games Apps, for reports and for
public relations purposes); and for customization, development and improvement
of our Z & K Games Apps (for example, analyzing and fixing of problems,
frequency capping (limiting the number of times a specific advertisement is
presented to the same mobile device), developing new offerings, providing
better content, simplifying and improving the User experience including based
on behavior and preferences shown by Users usage within the Z & K Games
Apps).
·
Measure
traffic and usage on the Z & K Games Apps.
·
Promote
our Apps.
Personal Information is collected in
order to:
·
Personalize
and enhance the Users’ experience while using the Z & K Games Apps.
·
Improve
the Z & K Games Apps.
·
Provide
the Users with personalized content and information, including customized ads,
interest-based ads, targeted ads, etc.
·
Enable
certain ad serving features, such as frequency capping etc.
·
Enable
certain functionalities available within the Apps, such as the Game Center
Features, Social Features and the features which are available while using the
“Log in with Facebook” feature.
·
Provide
Users with updated information regarding our products and services, including
about competitions which we may hold.
·
To
allow Users to participate in contests or other online game events and to
publicly display achievements or statistical data (such as scores, rankings and
achievements) that is generated through such User’s participation.
·
Authentication
purposes including to verify clicks and/or installs, verify User’s identity for
the purpose of dealing with inappropriate interactions of Users and/or
fraudulent use of our Apps.
·
Measure
reach and effectiveness of ad campaigns, to offer targeted ads, to personalize
experience by showing ads for products and services that are more likely to
appeal to the User (i.e. behavioral ads).
·
Any
other purpose explained at the time of collection.
9. Sharing
Information with other third parties
In addition to the sharing of Personal Information with Third Parties
described above, we may share Personal Information in the following cases:
a.
to
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental
request;
b.
to
enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the TOS and other of our terms or policies,
including investigation of potential violations of such policies;
c.
to
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
d.
to
respond to claims that any content published on the Z & K Games Apps violates
any right of a third-party;
e.
to
protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company, its Users,
suppliers, licensors, licensees or the general public;
f.
when
the Company undergoes any change of control, including by means of merger,
acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company,
in which case your Personal Information may also be disclosed, transferred
and/or assigned;
g.
pursuant
to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure;
h.
as
part of a competition, receiving rewards or otherwise interact with our social
media channels.
For clarify, we may transfer and disclose Non-personal Information to
third parties at our discretion.
Please note that some of the Z & K
Games Apps include a sharing feature which allows Users to share their User
Generated Content with others. User Generated Content may include Personal
Information. We do not access or use this User Generated Content in any way. It
is stored locally on your device. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHERS AND THAT YOU ARE
DOING SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
10. Advertisements
We accept ads in various formats (such
as banners, interstitial, rewarded videos, etc.) from Third Party ad networks
which may be displayed in our Z & K Games Apps. These Third Party ad
networks may collect and use: (i) information about your visits to Z & K
Games Apps in connection with such marketing, sales and advertising activities;
and (ii) geographic tracking and carrier network preferences; (iii)
information, such as age, gender and other information logged from your device
to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the App, to
calculate or control the number of views of an ad, to deliver ads relating to
User’s interests and to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. The delivery
of ads to you may be based on IP address, device identifiers and other Personal
Information gathered during your use of the Z & K Games Apps. You may also
be presented with contextual or non-targeted ads, i.e. ads which are not
directed towards specific Users but are rather broadly posted onto random Apps.
If you chose to receive contextual or non-targeted ads only within our Apps,
please be aware that you may still see some targeted ads served by third
parties if you have separately (e.g. on that third party’s website or app)
agreed to personalized advertising directly to those third parties. You can
find the list of
Third Parties Ad Networks
providing services in relation to Z
& K Games Apps at:
Note
that if you click on any of these ads, the advertisers may use cookies and
other tracking technologies (such as tracking pixel agent or visitor
identification technology, etc.) on your device to collect data regarding ad
performance, your interaction with such ads and our Z & K Games Apps and
your interests (which may include, non-personal and/or personal information
such as, device and network information, unique identifiers, gender, age and
geo-location about you) in order to serve you ads, including targeted ads, and
for the legitimate business interests of such Third Parties ad networks. We
recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy of any third
party advertisers with whom you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy
policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
We may promote Z & K Games Apps in
Third Parties applications and platforms. In addition, we may, at our
discretion, advertise our other Apps within the Z & K Games Apps. Such
advertisements are not directed towards specific Users but are rather broadly
posted onto random Apps.
11. Using
Game Center Features and Social Features
Our Z & K Games Apps may enable
using certain Game Center Features and may include Social Features. The Game
Center Features and the Social Features are operated or allow for social
integration with certain third party social networks or third party platforms
(“
Social Network
” or “
Platform
”).
The Game Center Features and Social
Networks and Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not
affiliated with and/or controlled by us. If you enable this integration, your
use of the Game Center Features and/or the Social Features is subject to the
terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third party provider of the
Social Network’s or Platform (for example, Apple Game Center which terms are
available at:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
;
Google Play Games which terms are available at:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
. You should ensure that you read
their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your
information and to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing
settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in
such terms you should not allow our Z & K Games Apps to interact with such
Social Networks or Platforms, however you may find that you are not able to
enjoy all the features that may be made available by our Z & K Games Apps.
You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party Social
Network or Platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice
versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include your
scores and/or progress in our Z & K Games Apps, your name, your social
media profile picture and any test that you may upload.
By using the Social Features and/or
the Game Center Features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable
Social Networks or Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as
your IP address, Non-personal Information and may set cookies and/or other
tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the Social Features and/or
the Game Center Features. The use of such features enables the sharing of
information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you
establish with the third party that provides the Social Features and/or the
Game Center Features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share
content via Social Networks or Platforms your content may become public and any
person may re-post-it.
12. Additional
Terms and Conditions
See further terms and conditions which
also apply to Users of the Z & K Games Apps in Chapter C below: “Terms and
Conditions Common to both Children Privacy Policy and Z & K Games Apps
Privacy Policy”.
Chapter C: Terms and Conditions Common to both Children
Privacy Policy and Z & K Games Apps Privacy Policy
13. Third
Party Providers
When you use the Apps Third Parties
may collect, store and/or process the information detailed in this Privacy
Policy. You may find the list of
Third Parties Ad Networks
These Third Parties are carefully
selected to ensure that they, and their related entities who may access Your
information, provide Your information with equal protection to that stated in
this Privacy Policy and required by applicable privacy laws and the Platform
Providers’ rules, policies and guidelines. We use commercially reasonable
efforts to engage with Third Parties that post a privacy policy governing their
collection, retention, processing and use of non-personal and personal
information. For further information regarding the collection, processing and
usage of your information by the Third Parties, please review their privacy
policy practices.
14. The
User’s compliance with Certain Additional Terms and Conditions
A User’s access to and use of the Apps
(including use of Promotional Codes defined in TOS) may be subject to certain
third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not
limited to those of application stores, mobile software platforms, Third
Parties and payment providers. We do not exercise control of such third parties
and are not responsible for their privacy practices and their use of the Users’
personal information. You should review the privacy policies of these third
parties to learn how they may collect and use your Personal Information.
15. Links
to third party sites
Certain links provided in the Apps
through ads or otherwise permit Users to leave our Apps and enter third party
sites, products or services. These linked sites, products and services are not
under our control . Most of such linked sites, products and services provide
legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policies, governing the use
of these sites. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before
using those sites and services so that you know what kind of information they
are collecting.
16. Cookies
& Local Storage
When you access or use the Apps, we
and/or our Third Parties may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies”,
web beacons, tags and local storage (or other similar technologies), which
store certain local information on your device (“
Local Storage
”),
to identify a User’s device and ‘remember’ things about the User which may
enable automatic activation of certain features (for example, if a User muted
the sound within the App at a certain stage, this preference will be stored in
the cache on the device and maintained the next time the User accesses the App
on his device), monitoring of use of the Apps (counting Users who visit certain
pages, use certain tools, viewed certain advertisements), frequency capping
(for example, if we promote another App, this ensures that we do not advertise
the same App more than a set number of times), to improve the quality of our
services, measure ad performance, provide relevant ads etc. and making the
User’s App experience and usage simpler, more relevant, convenient and
effortless. Such information is locally stored in the User’s device. We and/or
our Third Parties may access such information. Third Parties may use both
session cookies (which expire once you close the App) and persistent cookies
(which stay on the User’s device until he/she deletes them). Such Local Storage
used by the Apps may store non-personal information (such as the different
pages viewed by a User within the App) as well as User persistent identifier
and geo-location data, which will be collected in accordance with the terms
specified herein. It is easy to prohibit and/or delete the Local Storage,
including via uninstalling the App from your mobile device and/or through the
Settings option of your device. Most browsers and platforms will allow you to
erase cookies from a device, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning
before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage
option you may use the settings option of your device or according to the
specific instructions provided by the technology provider and/or Third Parties
privacy policies and terms of use. However, if you block or erase cookies, or
change the settings of your device, your App experience may be affected and may
be limited.
17. “Do Not
Track” and Opt-out of Certain Third Parties’ Interest-Based Services
A User may prevent or limit targeted advertising from device settings
which may vary from device to device. For example, if you are using an iOS
device with iOS 7 or a newer version, this can be done from
settings/privacy/advertising by resetting advertising identifier or limiting ad
tracking setting. If you are using a Google Android device with Android 2.3 or
a later version, you can find the ad identifier settings in the app drawer
under Google Settings> Ads. Please note that activation of any applicable
“Do-not-track” settings on the User’s mobile device or any other device-level
setting opt outs for targeted advertising, (to the extent such options exist)
may not cease all tracking activities by our Third Parties’ service providers.
If you would like to cease the
tracking by third parties of your on-line activities over time and across
different online platforms (such as, websites, applications, etc.) and opt out
of the use of your information for interest-based and targeted advertising
and/or other services by certain of our third party service providers, please
visit the privacy practices of such Third Parties and follow the instructions
specified therein. You can see a list of our
Third Parties Ad Networks
with instructions on how to opt-out when available.
Note that electing to opt-out will not
stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications, but may make
the ads you see less relevant to your interests, and the companies you select
may still collect information for other purposes, such as research, analytics,
and internal operations. In addition, note that if you use a different browser
or erase cookies from your browser, or use a different mobile device, you may
need to renew your opt-out choice.
18. International
Data Transfer
We may transfer (and store)
information collected about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated
entities, or to other third party service providers across borders and from
your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the
world (all solely for legitimate business purposes). Please note that we may
transfer such information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the
same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, wherever your Personal
Information is transferred we will take reasonable steps to ensure the
protection of your Personal Information (such as making transfers subject to
standard contractual terms or engaging with host providers which are privacy-shield
certified or offer an equivalent level of protection).  Where we receive
requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we will carefully
validate these requests before Personal Information is disclosed. You can ask
for more details of the steps we take by contacting us as set out in the “Got
Any Questions” section below. We will centralize all privacy-related decisions
in (and the Personal Information may be accessed from) countries that are
declared as offering an adequate level of protection of personal data by the
European Commission.
19. California
Privacy Rights
19.1
To the
extent applicable, if you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a
User, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 may permit you to
remove content or Personal Information you have publicly posted.  If you
wish to remove such content or Personal Information and you specify which
content or Personal Information you wish to be removed, we will do so in
accordance with applicable law.
Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore
removed content. In addition, such removal does not ensure complete or
comprehensive removal of the content or Personal Information you have posted
and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to
enable removal of content.
19.2
This section contains
disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and
applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of sources from which
  information is collected:
Business or commercial purposes for
  collection, use and sharing:
Disclosed for business purposes to the
  following categories of third parties:
Personal and online identifiers (such as
  unique online identifiers, IP address)
Consumers
Marketing;
Advertising;
Authentication;
Identity resolution;
Fraud detection;
Fulfillment services;
  Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our
  interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting
  against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for
  us or our service providers) such as account servicing, processing orders and
  payments, and analytics;
Internal research for
  technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain
  and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Internet or other electronic network
  activity information (such as interactions with an application, or
  advertisement)
Consumers;
Service Providers;
Affiliates not under the
  Z & K Games brand
Marketing;
Advertising;
Authentication;
Identity resolution;
Fraud prevention;
Fulfillment services;
  Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our interactions
  with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting
  against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services
  (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders
  and payments, and analytics;
Internal research for
  technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain
  and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Commercial or transactions information
  (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased,
  obtained or considered; purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Consumers;
Service Providers;
App store providers;
Affiliates not under the
  Z & K Games brand
Fulfillment services; Facilitating
  transactions;
Auditing related to our
  interactions with you;
Debugging;
Performing services (for
  us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and
  payments, and analytics;
Internal research for
  technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain
  and improve our services
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers;App store providers; and
Government agencies
Geolocation information
Service Providers
Marketing;
Advertising;
Fulfillment services;
  Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our
  interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Debugging;
Performing services (for
  us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and
  payments, and analytics;
Internal research for
  technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain
  and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Inferences drawn from the above information
  about your predicted characteristics and preferences
Consumers
Marketing;
Advertising;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting
  against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for
  us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and
  payments, and analytics;
Internal research for
  technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain
  and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
and
Government agencies
Your Rights Regarding Personal
Information
.
California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal
information collected by businesses.  If you are a California resident,
you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information,
subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to know
the
categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use,
disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected
your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal
information, the categories of your personal information that we have either
sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties
with which we have shared personal information.
The
right to
request that we delete
the personal information we have collected
from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt
out of our sale(s)
of your personal information. Please note that
if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with
the services that rely on such sales.
The right
not to
receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the privacy
rights conferred by the CCPA.
To exercise any of the above rights,
please contact us by email to:
zandkglobal@gmail.com
and submit the required verifying
information.
Note that we may need to request
additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope
of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us
to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a
minimum information verifying your identity and providing the agent with
written permission to make the request for you. We do not knowingly sell the
personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Deletion and
Modifications of Information
You or, as applicable, your legal guardian, may request, by sending us
an email to
zandkglobal@gmail.com
, the following:
a.
to
receive access to, amend, and/or delete your Personal Information and/or, as
applicable, Children Persistent Device Identifier, that we may hold, and/or
that we cease collection or use of your Personal Information; and/or
b.
That
we request Third Parties who collected through the Apps the User’s Personal Information
and/or, as applicable, the Children Persistent Device Identifier, to do the
same. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that such Third Parties do so.
For some of our Apps we may develop in-app deletion request
functionality which can be used by you in addition to the address above.
After you have stopped using the Apps, we will retain User’s Personal
Information, and, as applicable, Children Persistent Device Identifier,
collected through the use of the App for a reasonable period, as is necessary
to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as those are specified
above, including to comply with our legal or business requirements, to resolve
disputes, prevent fraud, and/or to enforce these Terms and our agreements, all
as permitted under applicable privacy laws.
Personal Information that a User has
shared using our Z & K Games Apps via any Social Network or third party
Platform cannot be amended or deleted by us, where such information is in the
control of that Social Network or third party Platform. We note, however, that
you can modify data that a Social Network or Platform shares with us, or stop
our Apps interacting with that Social Network or Platform by adjusting your
settings with that third party provider. However, should you choose to block
such interaction, you may not be able to enjoy all the features of our Apps.
Aggregate and/or anonymous information may remain on our servers indefinitely.
20. Security
Security of your information is very
important to us. We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and
integrity of our Apps and User information and prevent unauthorized access to
it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and
internal procedures. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in
transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic
storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never
occur. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE
RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER
SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR THE THEFT, ALTERATION, DELETION, CORRUPTION,
DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA OR INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE USER
GENERATED CONTENT.
21. Changes
to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will
govern the use of the Apps and any information collected therein. We reserve
the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page
frequently to check for any changes. In case of any material change, we will
make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Apps and/or our website
at
. Such material changes will take
effect five (5) days after such notice was provided on our App and/or Site,
whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other Changes to this Privacy Policy
are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” and your continued use of the
Apps on or after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and
agreement to be bound by, those changes.
22. Got any
Questions?
If you have any questions (or
comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcome to send us an
email to the following address:
zandkglobal@gmail.com
and we will make an
effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.