U.S. Army TAK App Privacy Policy
Development Practices
This is an official U.S. Army app and is provided as a public service as a free app by the TAK Product Center. This service is provided by the U.S. Army at no cost and is intended for use as is.
Information presented in this app is considered public information and may be distributed or copied unless otherwise specified. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
If you choose to use this service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The U.S. Army is not knowingly collecting Personally Identifiable Information through this application.  The app does use third party services (Google Play Services) that may collect information used to identify you.  We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The U.S. Army ("us", "we", or "our") operates the TAK App mobile application (the " SERVICE ")
ATAK-CIV, ATAK-MIL, WinTAK-CIV, WinTAK-MIL, TAK Server, VTAK, iTAK & TAKX are all TAK apps.
By using the SERVICE, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
The U.S. Army is not knowingly collecting Personally Identifiable Information through this application. The TAK app does not, by design, collect any personal information (Log Data, Cookies, PII information, etc.).  The data maintained locally on the device through the use of the SERVICE is the georeferenced point location information created by the user within the app.  When the app is uninstalled this data can also be erased from the local device. In the Android TAK platform, this information is in a folder named ATAK.
The native app does not use third party services that collect information used to identify you.
UPDATED LOCATION PRIVACY POLICY
ATAK asks for the ability to collect location in the background so that when users are running ATAK and background it to perform other activities, it can continue to report the precise location to team members either on a local network of via a TAK Server that the user has configured to use. The data is sent out to other team members to show the precise location of the individual helping with coordinating such things such as incident response, disaster relief, and personal safety.
This data is not sent to the developers of the application.
ATAK does not collect location data when the app is not running, only when it is backgrounded.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
Third-party websites and applications that are not owned, operated, or controlled by the Department of Defense are integral to Internet-based operations across the Department of Defense and used to augment official communication. These capabilities include, but are not limited to, networking services, media sharing services, wikis and data mashups. A list of the Defense Department's authorized pages and uses of these services is listed at
Defense.gov.
These sites may collect PII and may make it available to the Department of Defense and other users; however, the PII is not collected on behalf of, nor is it provided specifically for, the Department of Defense. The Department of Defense does not harvest and additionally collect, maintain, share or otherwise use such PII for any purpose other than that for which it is made available to all users.
If you choose to provide us with personal information - like filling out a Contact Us form with e-mail and/or postal addresses - we only use that information to respond to your message or request. We will only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. We never create individual profiles or give it to any private organizations. The SERVICE never collects information for commercial marketing. While you must provide an e-mail address or postal address for a response other than those generated automatically in response to questions or comments that you may submit, we recommend that you NOT include any other personal information, especially Social Security numbers. The Social Security Administration offers additional guidance on sharing your Social Security number.
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please forward them to us using our
Support Email.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our SERVICE, in a case of an error in the app third party service providers may collect data and information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our SERVICE, the time and date of your use of the SERVICE, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This SERVICE does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app through the third party service providers may use code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse their cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this SERVICE.  These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. The U.S. Army does not use the information associated with cookies to track individual user activity on the Internet outside Army websites, nor does it share the data obtained through such technologies, without the user's explicit consent, with other departments or agencies. The Department of the Army does not keep a database of information obtained from the use of cookies.
Cookies are enabled by default to optimize website functionality and customize user experience, but users can choose not to accept the use of these cookies by changing the settings on their local phone's web browser. The
USA.gov
website provides general instructions on how to opt out of cookies and other commonly used web measurement and customization technologies. Opting out of cookies still permits users to access comparable information and services; however, it may take longer to navigate or interact with the website if a user is required to fill out certain information repeatedly.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our SERVICE;
To provide the SERVICE on our behalf;
To perform SERVICE-related services; or
To assist in analyzing how our SERVICE is used.
We want to inform users of this SERVICE that these third party service providers have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus the third party service providers are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security..
Links to Other Sites
This SERVICE may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our SERVICE does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
TAK.gov
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
support@tak.gov.
For more information about U.S. Army website management policy, visit the
CIO/G-6 Policy Branch
website.