To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Privacy Policy
{title}
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Naomianimation.com is operated by company Aniotech s.r.o., Identification Number 09982531, with headquarters at Korunní 2569/108, Vinohrady (Praha 10), 101 00 Praha, Czech Republic.
Privacy policy for iOS Naomi Animation application for iPad
The Information We Collect and Store
The Naomi Animation app (iOS) uses the Pad’s TrueDepth camera system (if available on device) to track the movement of a user’s facial expressions for 3D character facial animation. For this to workflow, the app requires access to the user’s device camera.
How We Use the Information and
TrueDepth Camera Data
The camera images and depth data are used only for determining the position of the facial features. Camera access is required to acquire depth data from Apple’s API.
Naomi Animation will not store, or retain, any data captured by the TrueDepth camera on our servers, or use customer face data for any other purpose other than the app’s core functionality. Naomi Animation do not, and will not use customer face data to personally identify any user.
Customer Service Email: hello@naomianimation.com
Website
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
We collect the following data:
Personal identification information (email address.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide us with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?
We collect your data so that we can:
Improve our marketing activities.
Email you with our news and updates.
How do we store your data?
We will keep your data for 5 years. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about our products and services. If you have agreed to receive information, you may always opt out at a later date.
What are your data protection rights?
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request us to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: hello@naomianimation.com
Or write to us:  Aniotech s.r.o., Korunní 2569/108, Vinohrady (Praha 10), 101 00 Praha, Czech Republic.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Our Company uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Our Company uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Our Company sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Our Company website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
hello@naomianimation.com
Or write to us:  Aniotech s.r.o., Korunní 2569/108, Vinohrady (Praha 10), 101 00 Praha, Czech Republic.
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Email:
hello@naomianimation.com
Address: Aniotech s.r.o., Korunní 2569/108, Vinohrady (Praha 10), 101 00 Praha, Czech Republic.
FAQ
What ipad do I need?
Naomi is available on every iPad running iOS 13 and higher.
Do I need Apple Pencil?
No but for the best experience is the Apple Pen is recommended.
Can I import my models?
Currently not but import feature is on our road map and should be available in version 1.2.
Can I export my animation to other 3d software?
Currently not but exporting is on our road map and should be available soon in version 1.3.
What about animation curve editor?
Animation curve editor will be available in version 1.1.
Manage consent