POLICY ON PRIVACY, DATA, COOKIES AND MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
This Policy sets out how we may obtain and use certain personal and non-personal information which we may acquire when you download and interact with the App. You should carefully review this policy prior to downloading and using the App.
Date of last update: 4 April 2017.
1. Data
1.1    We may record which parts of the App and its related features and services you are interested in and your usage patterns.
1.2    This information will be kept secure by us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and may be used to:
1.2.1    process and make available the App;
1.2.2    enable your use of the App and associated services;
1.2.3    open and run your user account and provide you with an up to date, efficient and reliable service;
1.2.4    monitor the use of the App;
1.2.5    monitor your contributions (if any);
1.2.6    keep you updated on the App news and developments and related services;
1.2.7    to generate anonymous and aggregate data reports to highlight the use of the App; and
1.2.8    to comply with any Apple policy or law enforcement request.
2.3    By submitting your data and using the App you agree to this use.
2.4    WE WILL ONLY USE INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DATA PROTECTION ACT 1998.
2.5    We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
2.6    If you believe we have information about you that you do not want us to have or that is incorrect please contact us as described below and we shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as is reasonably practicable and/or provide details to you of how you can update the data.
2.7    We may use servers outside the EEA to store any data which we acquire from your use of the App, and where we do so, we shall ensure that our data processors agree to handle the data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
2.8    We will use reasonable and industry standard measures to safeguard the personal data we hold. However no system can be 100% secure, and therefore despite our best efforts, there could be unauthorised access to this data and therefore by using the App you accept this risk.
2. Marketing Communications
2.1    We shall give you a choice of whether or not you want us or other reputable companies chosen by us to contact you about future offers, events and new services or related activities that we believe you may find useful.
2.2    We will not sell or trade personal information to other companies but we would like to keep you informed of the developments on the App and certain games and we would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you (inside or outside the EU).
2.3    We will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already.
2.4    We will not share or use your health data  for marketing purposes.
3. In App Adverts
3.1    Our App may have advertising displayed within it, as part of the Apple iAd Network or other advertising networks or our own advertising. Where advertising is delivered via third party networks, we are not responsible for the selection and serving of adverts.
3.2    As part of the iAd Network, the advertisers and Apple Inc may serve cookies and web beacons (and other similar tools) to personalise adverts to you. Such technologies can also use your location to help personalise the advert. You can opt out of receiving personalised adverts by visiting https://oo.apple.com on your Apple product. Apple's privacy policy applies to the use of cookies and other similar technologies that are used in the advertisements and you should review http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/uk/terms.html#PRIVACY for further information.
4. Cookies
4.1    In addition to the cookies used by the iAd network, we may also use cookies or other similar tools within the App, and by downloading and using the App you consent to this use.
5. Privacy
5.1    If you have any other concerns over privacy, this privacy policy or the App please contact us by email to myiwinbox@gmail.com.  We will endeavour to respond to any query or questions within 48 hours.