Privacy Statement
We take safeguarding online privacy seriously. Please read the whole of this statement carefully as it sets out what information we may collect from you, how we may use it and your rights in respect of our use and the key details of our privacy policy.
From time to time, we may need to change our privacy policy because of changes in our organisation, legislation or in our attempts to serve your needs better. We will use reasonable efforts to publish any changes to our privacy statement.
Easy Bites is responsible for collecting, processing, storing and safe-keeping personal and other information as part of providing a service and carrying out our regular business activities. We manage personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018.
Any questions regarding our processing of personal data should be directed to us via email help@easybitesapp.com.
SCOPE
Our Privacy Statement governs any kind of processing where we are acting as a data controller or co-controller (including collection, use, transfer, storage and deletion) of personally identifiable information (any information that may be used to identify a physical person, and any other information associated therewith) about natural persons. This statement applies to our processing of data collected through any means, actively as well as passively, from persons located anywhere in the world.
We are guided by the following principles when processing data:
1.     We will only collect data for specific and specified purposes; we will make it clear at the point when we request your information, what we are collecting it for and how we are going to use it;
2.     We will not collect data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes; we will minimise the amount of information we collect from you to what we need to deliver the services required;
3.     We will collect and use your personal information only if we have sensible business reasons for doing so, such as contacting you with information about the delivery of our services or offers which we consider may be of interest to you;
4.     We will not use your data for purposes other than those for which it was collected, accepted as stated within our policy, or with your prior consent;
5.     We will seek to verify and/or update your data periodically and we will accept requests from you for amendment of the data held;
6.     We will apply high technical standards to make our processing of data secure;
7.     Except otherwise stated, we will not store data in identifiable form longer than is necessary to accomplish its purpose or as required by law.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
The information we may collect about you and your child could include, but is not limited to:
1.   Personal details such as your or your child’s name (optional) and your child’s age
2. Certain health related data, included but not limited to your child’s dietary preferences, perceived feeding difficulties, current feeding-related medical diagnoses and your concerns and other feelings at mealtimes
3.   Email address
4.     User agents
5.     IP addresses
6.     Firebase installation IDs
7.     Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
8.     Crash traces
If we obtain special category data from you, we will always get your consent first.
We will collect information from you when:
1.     You purchase one of our services
2.     You download our App
3.     You sign up to our newsletter or mailing list
4.     You download an opt-in
5.     You join a course or programme
6.     You contact us for information via our website or social media channels, by phone or email
7.     You post on our social media channels, website or blog
8.     You work with us in a commercial capacity
We may use the information collected to:
1.     Allow you to process a booking for a product or course
2.     Allow you access to our App
3.     Create a profile for you on our site or App
4.     Send you our newsletters or provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
5.     Ensure that content from our site is presented to you in the most effective manner for you and your computer
6.     Allow you to participate in the service you have chosen to do so
7.     Notify you about changes to our service
8.     Enable end-user authentication and facilitate end-user account management
9.     Provide added security and prevent abuse during sign up authentication
10.  Process and debug crashes
INFORMATION STORAGE
If you provide us with your email address it will be stored, along with your first name and surname via Active Campaign.  Active Campaign have their own privacy policy and will protect your data. You can find out more here: https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Your email address may will be stored, along with your first name and surname via Mail Chimp.  Mail Chimp have their own privacy policy and will protect your data. You can find out more here: https://www.intuit.com/privacy/statement/.
When you download the Easy Bites App your personal information including your name, email address and your card and billing information will be accessed and stored by Apple. Easy Bites will never have access to your billing information or card details and no-one from our company will ever request such information.
We use Firebase to enable end-user authentication and facilitate end-user account management. Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days. Firebase retains Firebase installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses Firebase installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to. Firebase retains Firebase installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and minidump data to process NDK crashes. Firebase Crashlytics retains crash stack traces, extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including Crashlytics Installation UUIDs) for 90 days.
We will never sell or share your personal information with third parties.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides that processing of your data shall only be lawful if and to the extent that at least one of the following applies:
1.     You have consented
2.     For the performance of a contract
3.     For compliance with a legal obligation which we must perform
4.     To protect vital interests of your or another person
5.     It is in the public interest
6.     It is in the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party
We collect data for the purposes set out above. Data is managed to ensure that it is either erased from our system when it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected, retained for legal reasons or minimised and retained.
Any health data collected from you has special protection and is limited to that permissible by law.
LINKS FROM OUR SITE
Our site contains links to and from other websites which are operated by individuals and companies over which we have no direct control. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy and terms of use polices. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We advise you to check the policies for third party sites before you submit any personal data to the website.
MARKETING EMAILS
We will make it as easy as we can for you to opt out of unwanted processing, providing it does not restrict our ability to provide you with the primary service you have requested.
Please note if you wish to unsubscribe from any marketing emails that you have signed up for, you can do so by clicking onto the unsubscribe link on the marketing email that was sent to you
.
It may take up to 48 hours for this to become effective.
WEBSITE ANALYTICS & TARGETED MARKETING
We use website analytics to provide the best user experience and service to you and to evaluate and improve our site. We utilise third party data analytics service providers, google analytics and Facebook pixel, to improve our visibility and to monitor website browser behaviour and navigation across our site.
These third-party data analytics service providers collect this information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and in line with their own privacy policies. Our service providers may collect the following data about the way you use our site, which will almost always be anonymised and aggregated before reporting back to us:
Number of visitors to our site
Pages visited whilst using the site and time spent per page
Page interaction information, such as scrolling, clicks and browsing methods
Source location and details about where users go when they leave the site
Page response times and any download errors
Other technical information relating to end user device, such as IP address or browser plug-in
From time to time we may use the information collected about you to present you with targeted advertisements using platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google and/or Instagram.
POLICY DETAILS
We continually review our privacy practices and may change our policy and privacy statement from time to time. When we do this an amended privacy statement will be placed on our website at https://easybitesapp.com
This privacy notice was published on April 12, 2021 and last updated on April 15, 2021.
If you are concerned about how we are collecting, using and/or sharing your personal information, you can contact us at help@easybitesapp.com.