Terms and Conditions
ABOUT THIS SERVICE
DEBITRAK CASHLESS PAYMENT SYSTEMS LTD operates this service on behalf of School Food Company Ltd
School Food Company Ltd
Firhill
Parteen
Co. Clare
Ireland
Refund Policy
Please note that top-up vouchers must be redeemed within 12 months of the date of purchase. Vouchers not redeemed within 12 months of the date of purchase are voided. Please note no refunds/cancellations can be made after vouchers are purchased
General Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our web store. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern School Food Company Ltd relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.

                    The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
                    The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
                    Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
                    Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
                    This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
                    All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
                    Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
                    From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
                    Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Ireland, England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance Statement
School Food Company Ltd
Your Personal Data:
What we need
Debitrak Cashless Payment Systems LTD will be what’s known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information or location based information. This does however include name, and email and optionally your Mobile phone number.
Why we need it
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with an account on this portal and in line with your participation in the cashless payment system at School Food Company Ltd. We will not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee this service to you.
What we do with it
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the European Union. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so. We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
How long we keep it
We are required to keep your basic personal data (name, email) whilst you are an active user of the cashless payment scheme at School Food Company Ltd after which time it will be destroyed.
This information is not shared with third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via phone, email or our website. You may contact us to request changes or removal of your data at any time using the contact us section of the portal or our main contact details listed below.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at mypersonaldata@debitrak.com, or via one of the contact methods described below.
Collection and use of technical information.
This website does not use cookies, apart from temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor's web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this website may be logged by our internet service provider for accounting and auditing purposes. It is our policy not to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1988 Data Protection Amendment) Act 2003.
Further Information and Contact Details
School Food Company Ltd
Firhill
Parteen
Co. Clare
Ireland
Payments Security Statement
Our Payment Service Provider is GlobalPayments (formerly RealEx).
GlobalPayments provides a secure payment gateway, processing payments for thousands of online businesses, including ours.
This websites checkout page is hosted within GlobalPayments secure PCI DSS v3.2 compliant environment.
In addition, you know that your session is in a secure encrypted environment when you see https:// in the web address, and/or when you see the locked padlock symbol alongside the URL.
So when buying through our site, you can be sure that you are completely protected.
Go Back