Privacy Policy
Updated: 14/11/2021
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by QUANGTM. In this document I refer to QUANGTM  or "puzzlelite", "TTQ SOFT", “I”, “me” or “my” and I refer to you as “you” and “your”.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. App Content
My app's content is appropriate for everyone, including children.
2. Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate my Service;
To provide the Service on my behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist me in analyzing how my Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
3. App Details
Any information related to information collection, sharing of user data with third parties and other necessary information related to the application for users to understand the application is correctly updated on the app store .
4. Ads
My apps contain ads. All ads displayed in the app are completely suitable for
children
.
5. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to
Device ID, Product Interaction, Advertising Data, Crash Data, Performance Data.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Firebase
Google Play Services
6. APIs and SDKs
Apps are not contain any APIs or SDKs that are not approved for use in child-directed services. This includes, Google Sign-In (or any other Google API Service that accesses data associated with a Google Account), Google Play Games Services, and any other API Service using OAuth technology for authentication and authorization.
Apps that target both children and older audiences must not implement APIs or SDKs that are not approved for use in child-directed services unless they are used behind a neutral age screen or implemented in a way that does not result in the collection of data from children. Apps that target both children and older audiences must not require users to sign-in or access app content through an API or SDK that is not approved for use in child-directed services.
7. Children’s Privacy
All my games are available for everyone to play, including kids. The services in the game only collect the information as mentioned above, do not collect any sensitive information other than for the purpose of improving the application better.
8. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
9. Changes
I may update my Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Me
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, do not hesitate to contact me at
contact@puzzlelite.net
.