Download the app!
×
Are recipes protected by copyright?
Copyright law does not protect recipes that are mere listings of ingredients and basic instructions. Copyright law may protect a description, explanation or photo that accompanies a recipe, as well as a combination of recipes such as a cookbook. For further information, please see
the
U.S. Copyright Office factsheet on recipes
.
Posting of others’ recipes
You may post recipes of others on this website as long as you acknowledge the source of the recipe and, when in doubt as to whether the description is protected, post your own description or only the listing of ingredients and basic instructions.
You should only post photos or illustrations that accompany recipes if you have permission from the owner. If you do not have permission, you should prepare the recipe and post your own photo of the dish. By posting a recipe and accompanying content on our website, you are representing to us that, to the best of your knowledge, the recipe and the content does not infringe the rights of another, and are granting to us permission to edit the recipe and to publish the recipe and the content on this website for others to use, copy, edit, and download free of charge. We reserve the right to remove a recipe from this website for any reason, including claims of copyright or trademark infringement.
Copyright Policy
This Copyright Policy covers this website (the “Website”) and websites of MyFridgeFood Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “MyFridgeFood Inc.”). All media on this Website is either: licensed by MyFridgeFood Inc., submitted to Website by users, readily available and believed to be in the public domain, or used in “fair use” under the U.S. Copyright Act. MyFridgeFood Inc respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same.
It is MyFridgeFood's policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
If you are a copyright owner of a photograph or other material that appears on this Website, that you claim violates your copyright, please notify us as provided below. If you are unsure whether the content you are reporting is infringing your legal rights, you may wish to seek legal guidance. Keep in mind that submitting intentionally misleading reports of infringement may be punishable under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Section 512 (“DMCA”) in the United States or similar laws in other countries.
Notification of Copyright Infringement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
MyFridgeFood is an Online Service Provider under the DMCA. MyFridgeFood respects the legitimate rights of copyright owners and has adopted an efficient notice and takedown procedure as required by the DMCA and described herein. This policy is intended to guide copyright owners in utilizing that procedure, and also to guide users and webmasters in restoring access to websites or content that is disabled due to a mistake.
Notice to Owners of Copyrighted Works.
If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Website by completing the following DMCA notice (“Notice”) and delivering it to Website’s Designated Copyright Agent.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement.
As a copyright owner, to provide MyFridgeFood with a proper Notice of claimed of your copyright, your notice must be in English and must substantially contain the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
An identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single Notice, a representative list of such works at that site.
An identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled. This identification should include information reasonably sufficient to permit MyFridgeFood to locate the material, such as any URLs identifying the allegedly infringing material along with any other information that might assist MyFrdigeFood’s Designated Copyright Agent in investigating your claim.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit MyFridgeFood to contact the complaining party, such as your address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you, your agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the Notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you, are the owner of the copyright or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Failure to include all of the above information may result in a delay in processing the DMCA Notification. If you materially misrepresent that any material infringes your copyright interest, you may be liable for damages, including court costs and attorneys’ fees, and could be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury.
Material Originating From Another Website
If the allegedly infringing material originates from another website and you believe that this Website has cached that material, then confirm any of the following that apply:
The material has been removed from the originating site or access to the material on the originating site has been disabled;
A court has ordered that the material be removed from the originating site; and/or
A court has ordered that access to the material on the originating site be disabled.
Failure to include all of the above information may result in a delay in processing the DMCA Notification. If you materially misrepresent that any material infringes your copyright interest, you may be liable for damages, including court costs and attorneys’ fees, and could be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury.
Delivery of the Notice
Deliver all takedown Notices to MyFridgeFood’s Designated Copyright Agent by Mail or by Email as follows:
BY EMAIL TO: Nick (AT) MyFridgeFood.com
Upon receipt of a valid Notice, MyFridgeFood will process the claim, which may result in removing or disabling access to the allegedly infringing material, subject to the user’s or webmaster’s right to submit a Counter-Notification claiming lawful use of the disabled works. In appropriate circumstances, MyFridgeFood will have the disputed material removed from public view, and will also notify the user or webmaster who posted the allegedly infringing material, which notification may include a complete copy of the Notice submitted regarding that material.
Counter-Notifications
If you receive notice that material that you submitted has been removed by MyFridgeFood pursuant to a Notice, and you believe that removal was in error or not pursuant to a valid copyright claim, you may seek to have the material replaced by submitting a Counter-Notice to MyFridgeFood.
Counter-Notifications must be submitted by the original uploader or an agent authorized to act on their behalf, such as an attorney. After MyFridgeFood receives your Counter-Notification, it will forward the Counter-Notification to the party who submitted the original claim of copyright infringement. Please note that when MyFridgeFood forwards the notice, it will include your personal information. By submitting a counter notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. MyFridgeFood will not forward the counter notification to any party other than the original claimant.
To be effective, Counter-Notices must contain substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which MyFrdigeFood may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.