Privacy policy
We respect your right to privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information collected about you. We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect, store and use the information you provide us.
We are the data controller of the data collected under this privacy policy.
When you register a product with us, use our website, video games, mobile applications, online stores, or other services (the "services") Our customers' personal information is collected (including when you purchase our products or otherwise contact us). In general, personal information is collected when: When you use the services, (a) when you create an account, (c) when you make a purchase on our services, (d) when you create user generated content, (e) when you use the services, (b) when you create an account, (c) when you make a purchase on our services, (d) when you create user generated content. When you browse, (f) sign up for a newsletter, (g) contact us for customer service and technical support meetings, (h) participate in a contest or sweepstakes, (I) participate in advertising on our services, and (f) participate in advertising on our services. Chat to communicate with other users of the service, (j) participate in tests, or wish to download patches or demos, and (k) use our social media. Share a channel or other community site or contribute in any other way.
We use this personal information to provide you with the products and services you request. Create a user profile. We will send you information about our products and services and your registration. Send marketing information and respond to your communications with your consent.
Whatever the activity, we will collect personal information to the extent reasonably necessary to meet your requirements and legitimate business purposes.
By using our services, you agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use this service. We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy, so please check from time to time. Your continued use of the services will accept these changes.
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is also part of our website terms of use and by accessing or using our website you agree to be bound by all these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not access or use this site. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. Any such changes, modifications, additions or deletions, including, but not limited to, sending emails to the email addresses of registered users and issuing modified policies on this page, will be effective immediately upon notice. . You acknowledge and agree that, as a registered user, you are responsible for maintaining a valid email address and periodically checking the site and this policy to understand any amendments. You constitute you continue to use the modified website :(a) review the modified policy; (b) I agree to abide by the revised policy.
About who we are.
This privacy policy is intended to provide you with information about how we collect and process our personal data through the use of the services. This includes any data that may be provided through the site when you register for our newsletter, purchase products or services, or enter a contest. This site is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data about children. In order to fully understand how and how we use your data when we collect or process your personal data, please read this privacy policy and any information you may provide us in certain circumstances. Be sure to read any other privacy policy or fair processing notice. This privacy policy supplements and does not replace other statements. It's the controller.
This privacy policy is published on behalf of our group, so when we say "we", "our" or "our" in this privacy policy, we will collect your data within our group. It refers to the related companies that deal with it.
We are the administrator and responsible person of this site.
We have appointed a privacy compliance officer to monitor issues related to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about the privacy policy, including the exercise of your legitimate rights, please contact the privacy officer using the detailed information below.
Detailed contact information.
Privacy compliance officer's name and title :Happylife.
Email :shoufanggames@gmail.com.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority at any time. However, we hope you have the opportunity to address your concerns before contacting the relevant supervisory authority, so please contact us immediately.
One, the types of information we collect.
In order to provide a better service, we collect two types of user information: personal identification (" PII ") and non-personal identification (" non-pii "). Our main purpose in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience when you use our website.
Pii is any information about an individual that can be used to identify an individual. It does not include data for which identification has been deleted (anonymous data). This is specific information that will tell you who you are.
This is the information you provided.
Registering as a member, making product or service notes, Posting on forums or other public areas, participating in contests and lottery draws, filling out surveys, sending feedback, etc. If you do any activity on company.com, you may be asked to provide information about yourself by completing and submitting an online form. You can choose whether or not to participate in these activities, however, personal information such as your name, address (including postal code), email address, employer, position, department, telephone number, fax number and other PII(" id data "). You may be asked to provide. Credit card Numbers (" financial data ") may be required to register products and services on this site. Depending on the event, there will be mandatory and voluntary submissions. If you do not provide mandatory data on a particular activity, you will not be able to participate in the activity.
Information we collect we collect information about you in several ways based on where you visit our website. This information is compiled and analyzed according to personal and overall situation. This information may include, but is not limited to, the uniform resource locator (" URL ") of the website you visit, the URL you next visit, the browser you use, and/or your Internet protocol (" IP ") AD Includes responses (" technical data ").
A URL is the global address of a document or other resource on a web. An IP address is the link used to transport a control protocol/Internet protocol (TCP/IP) over a network such as the world wide web. It is the identifier of the computer or equipment. Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the destination IP address. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you browse the Web, allowing a Web server to locate and identify your computer. The computer requires an IP address for the user to communicate over the Internet.
From other sources.
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) to receive information about you from them. . This may be combined with other information you provide to us as described above. We may also collect personal information through third-party networks, platforms, or services. Play our games through social networks or other third-party platforms, or through our products and/or services on third-party networks, platforms, or services If you connect to us, that means that we are (1) authorized to collect, store and use your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. You consent to any and all personal information that you provide to us based on the Settings of this third party social network or other third party platforms. And (2) through the application programming interface (API) of the social network/third party platform, the social network or other third party platform Share any and all personal information of you with hm. Our products and/or services are used by third partiesWhen you connect to a network, platform, or service, and/or connect to a social network or other third-party platform or service, you will not be able to access any of our applications. If you give "approval" or "permission" (or similar terms) to one of, this means consent.
The purpose of dealing with pii.
We will process your PII in accordance with applicable law for the following purposes: 1.
Create and maintain your account (if you are a registered customer)- identity data;
Provide our products and services in a personalized way. For example, we can advise you to find the right product or service faster based on your previous search. This also includes processing data related to your location where legally permitted - identification data;
If you request the provision of goods or services, we will process and fulfill your notes. We also process information received from third parties, such as address data, to verify your correct address - identification data and financial data.
If you purchase any goods or/or services of our company, we will obtain payment - identification and financial data.
Our suppliers and service providers will be able to perform several functions on our behalf, including payment processing, verification, technical, logistics, or other functions to complete the annotation if necessary.
We will return, refund, or resolve any dispute (if you lawfully exercise your rights or wish to bring a dispute over any part of our product)- identity and financial data;
· send administrative communications and notices to you - identity data;
With your consent, we will send you personalized marketing communications so you can always understand our products and services that you may be interested in.
Provide personalized advertising services to your device. We recognize your interests and serve you ads from your past searches, visits to sub-pages, purchases on our website, and other data obtained through the use of "cookies" placed on your device. Please see our Cookie declaration - identification data;
We guarantee the safety of your account and our business and prevent or detect fraud or website abuse. For example, by requesting verification of information to reset your account password - identification data and technical data;
We develop and improve our products and services, enhance our website operations, and statistically analyze website usage. For example, our websiteAnd the number of visits to each sub-page for reviews, specific product or service needs, user reviews - identity data, technical data, etc.
In accordance with applicable law, we will respond to, for example, the request of a court or supervisory authority (where such request is made pursuant to law) - identity data, financial data, technical data;
To resolve disputes, resolve issues, and enforce your agreements with us, including our website terms of use, terms of sale, and this privacy policy, identity data, financial data, and technical data.
Your consent as a data subject to the processing set out in this privacy policy is the main legal basis for our processing of your PII. However, in some cases we may also rely on other valid legal grounds to process your PII.
You must take the necessary steps to request content, goods or services. The processing of personal information before the contract, the processing necessary for the performance of the contract, etc. And so on.
Unless your interests or fundamental rights override any legitimate interests we pursue as a company. In accordance with the relevant legal basis of processing we stated in the above paragraph, we have legitimate interests therein; And so on.
We will comply with our legal obligations, for example, processing for the purposes described above.
1. How to collect them.
We collect data about you from you in a variety of ways.
Direct interactive: we collect your personal information when you voluntarily provide it to us. When you (a) register our service and register your E-mail address with us, you provide us with some PII(mainly identification data); (b) you will participate in lottery or contest sponsored by us or our partners. (c) applicants will apply for special benefits provided by a selected third party. (d) we may send other information by email, form submission, or by phone or letter. Or (e) register goods and services on our website and submit your credit card or other payment information when you make a purchase. We may also declare that we have collected such information and collect information from you at other points on our website.
In addition, it is possible to collect some other technical data (some non-pii). This information is eventually stored as a store type, or, in some cases, a specific url. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, administer our website and collect demographic information.
Third party or published sources: our third party AD servers also provide aggregated reports, but not individual reports, which tell us how many ads were viewed and clicked on on our website.
In addition to identity data, we can also collect demographic information such as age, gender, favorite game style, owned or planned to purchase devices.
One, it sends out information.
We will not sell, trade or lend your personal information to others. We provide some services through contracts with our affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties. We and our service partners use your personal information to operate the website and provide services. We shall disclose your PII to a third party where we wish to disclose, and this will occur only for the above purposes according to applicable law. These situations include disclosure.
· subsidiaries, branches or related offices of the company;
Disclosure to our outsourcing service providers or suppliers to make it easier for us to provide our services or products to our users. For example, we may disclose your PII to our data center provider and store it securely and collect your PII through a web hosting provider, a public database of your identity. Identity verification partner to verify, logistics partner to deliver the product on the note. When you buy goods from us, the bank will process your credit card information;
Our advertising partners may send personalized or similar ads to your device.
Our marketing partners may contact you by post, email, phone, text message or other means with your consent. If you do not wish to contact us, you may cancel your subscription by clicking here;
Third party service providers and consultants protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems, for the continuity of our business.
It provides information to analytics and search engine providers (including Google analytics and FB Tracing pixel) that help us improve and optimize our websites. Your PII will usually share in a way that does not directly identify you;
· it helps to create user trends and generate relevant content (for example, news articles and/or social media posts) based on the information provided.
A temporary or permanent transfer to another legal entity for the purpose of joint venture, partnership, financing, sale, merger, reorganization, change of legal form, dissolution, or similar event. In the event of a merger or sale, your personal information will be permanently transferred to the successor company;
That the law requires.
It will be disclosed to other third parties with your consent.
We encourage our service partners to adopt and publish their privacy policies. However, the use of personal information by our service partners is governed by their privacy policies and is not controlled by us.
We may also provide non-pii information on customer sales, traffic patterns and related websites to third party advertisers, but these statistics do not include PII.
The personal information we collect through the services will only be Shared with third parties in the manner described in this policy or as described in detail at the time of collection. For example, we can share your PII in the following ways:
You may not disclose your personal information to any third party; ・ cooperate with vendors, consultants and/or other service providers (" service providers ") employed by us or in connection with the operation of our services and/or the dissemination of our products and/or for business purposes; You may need to obtain information such as vendor, consultant, and/or other service providers (" service providers ").
Your relationship with other users of the services described in this agreement. And so on.
Promotions together with our partners, we will send you coupons, promotions, bonuses, bonuses and requested advertisements.
Where a third party has the right to access your PII, we will require them to, where possible, at least take a strict approach as described in this policy.
We also use and share information for the following specific explanatory purposes, including PII.
Customized content: we may share the personal information we collect in accordance with this policy with our promotional partners to provide you with customized content that we believe may be of interest to you on our services or on third-party websites. It can be displayed on the site. To log out of this kind of PII share of ours, please update your game account Settings as described below under "log out of custom content".
Public files: certain brands of our website may offer public files features (public files). You can publish information to the public Internet, including PII. In addition to the applicable public file website description, the information you upload or enter into the public file will default to the privacy level you choose when you log in, and at any time will be set to privacy Constant can be changed. Anyone can see it, even people outside of my company, and when someone searches for you it can be indexed and shown on public search engines. If you publish your personal information (including videos, images, or photos) to a public profile, it may be seen, collected, reproduced, and/or used by other users without your consent, and there There is no hope of privacy or confidentiality. This includes, but is not limited to, selected submissions of videos, images, or photographs submitted to our website. In addition, the personal information you provide (PII) may allow you to disclose or identify aspects of your life, but you may not choose to describe directly in public personal information (for example, if a picture shows your gender). It may indicate).
Friend finder tool: by using the friend finder tool, you authorize that it helps you find your contacts by using these tools, and that your contacts can be saved to your game account, other My games account, etc. Allows you to associate your company account (gaming related rights, including games you play on your PC, mobile phone, and console) with your social network data and/or email address. Your final friend list may be accessible on our website and is bound by this policy. Select a friend you've added to your friends list to find or identify you in different My company products and services, and view the profile and information displayed to them or everyone. Similarly, we may collect or receive information about you from other users who choose to upload emails and other contacts. This information is stored by us and used mainly to help you and your friends communicate.
Host account/social network: play our games through social networks or other third party platforms or services, connect to our account, network, and our contacts Any form or service that we have authorized to obtain, store or use through the product and/or the service (1) to the manufacturers of consoles, social networks, or other information as per this policy (2) through the application programming interface (API) of the third-party platform hosted by the manufacturer, social network or other third-party platform you agree Any and all personal information can be provided to share. When you connect to third party networks, platforms, or services and/or to our applications or our platforms through our products and/or services If you "approve" or "authorize" (or similar terms) through the service, you agree to that.
Online events and promotions: your participation in online events and promotions means that we collect, use, store and collect statistical data (e.g. your scores, rankings, achievements) generated by your participation. It is conditional on forwarding and publishing. This statistical data may include your PII.
Acquisition or sale of business: we may from time to time make an acquisition or sale of one or more businesses, and your personal information may be transferred as part of that acquisition or sale. If we acquire a company, we will treat personal information about that company in accordance with this policy to the extent possible and permissible. If we sell our business, where possible, we will put provisions in the sale agreement and require the buyer to process your PII in the same manner as this policy requires. If the company is sold as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, the provisions of this paragraph shall also apply.
When you use the services, you may collect information that is published in interactive areas of the services, that is Shared with individuals through public or private groups or forums, that is Shared with the services, social networking sites, or other services. Information Shared with individuals through social sources may be obtained by other users and, in some cases, made public. We encourage you to exercise caution when providing PII to others or sharing PII on public or private online forums. Except where legal requirements apply, we are not responsible for the actions of third party service providers or other third parties, or any additional information you provide directly to any third party.
International transfer of pii.
We may transfer your personal information:
· third parties outside the country where the data was first collected; And so on.
(we may also transfer your data to a country other than the country in which it was first collected.)
To carry out further processing in accordance with the purposes set forth in paragraph 3 above.
In these cases, we will ensure that your privacy is adequately protected, as required by applicable law, by appropriate technology, organization, contract, or other lawful means.
Transfer to a country where the European commission has determined that your personal data is well protected.
We use specific contracts approved by the European commission to provide the same protection for your personal data as in Europe. And so on.
For transfers to the United States, if such entities are part of the privacy shield, they will be required to provide similar protection for personal data Shared between Europe and the United States.
Please contact our privacy compliance officer to obtain a copy of your PII and the safeguards we are implementing to protect your privacy in these cases.
1. Pii on hold.
Your personal information will be retained until the last day you use or purchase our services or products, usually for five (5) years, if prolonged retention is required by local law or unless we do so for a legitimate and legitimate purpose. Will be. However, after this deadline, we will not retain any of your PII which is no longer required for the purposes described in the policy. The retention of your personal information will be reviewed on a regular basis.
We may maintain an anonymous form of your PII, but for statistical purposes, if there is no time limit, we will no longer refer to you and do so as long as we have a legitimate and legitimate interest.
Rights of the data subject.
The data protection law provides data subjects with a number of rights, including the right to access, correct, delete, restrict, transfer and object to the processing of their PII. If the data subject determines that PII has not been processed in accordance with the applicable law, he/she may lodge a complaint with the data protection authority.
Give the subject the right to refer to the requirements if the law applies, the data subject can request a copy of that PII. If you would like to make a request, i.e. to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, you may write a letter to our privacy compliance officer. Contact details are listed above. Please state clearly that the search is under way. You may also need an id card and a fee.
The right of correction. You may request us to correct any incorrect and/or incomplete personal information.
Right to withdraw consent. To the extent applicable by law, you can withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. Withdrawing your consent may prevent you from using some of the service features where processing PII is critical.
You have the right to oppose disposition. As long as the law is applicable, you can request that we stop processing your personal information.
The right of erasure. You can request the deletion of your personal information. Unless there is a legitimate reason, we will do so. For example, holding your PII may have a legal reason beyond all, including, for example, a legal obligation we must comply with, or a legal obligation we must comply with. Despite the above provisions, 505 recognizes that removing information from the system, including for technical reasons, is not always easy and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, follows the practical methods adopted by some supervisory authorities. Therefore, even if you cannot delete it completely, you will attempt to delete such information "beyond the scope of use". For example, we may not be able to remove or delete some PII from our server services because it requires a third-party platform account ID to access and delete request information stored on our services. Yes. In such cases, however, the following safeguards are taken to ensure that access to any PII is "unavailable".
We will not attempt in any way to affect the use of your personal data. We will not allow other authorities to access your personal information. We will try all reasonable technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data. We commit to permanently delete information when possible, taking technical possibilities into account.
Right to data portability in some cases, you may request that your personal information be transmitted to you or a third party in a structured, general, machine-readable format. This right will only apply if you initially consent to the automated information we use or if we use this information to perform a contract with you.
Request restriction of the right to process your personal information. This may require us to stop processing your personal information in the following cases :(a) if you wish us to confirm the accuracy of the data; We do not want you to delete such data; (b) the use of our data is illegal but you do not want us to delete such data; (c) you need us to retain your data, even if we no longer need your data, you are required to establish, exercise or defend it; Or (d) you object to our use of your data, but you need to see if we have a legitimate reason to outperform all use of your data.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. If you have any questions or complaints about how we handle your personal information, we encourage you to contact us. However, you have the right to contact the supervisory authority directly.
1. Update and correct information we believe that we should have the right to access and edit the personal identification information you provide to us. You may change any PII of your account online, via a link to your account at any time by other places of this site. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by writing to us using the contact details above.
Please attach your name, address and/or email address when contacting us.
If there are any changes, we encourage you to update your personal information in a timely manner. You can request the deletion or deletion of information on your account (see above).
Your choices regarding the collection and use of information.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the use of certain personal data. Especially in marketing and advertising.
From time to time, we may send you e-mails about our products and services. Also, if at the time of registration you have expressed interest in receiving the benefits and information offered by us and our partners, from time to time we may send you direct emails about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. . Only if we (or an agent acting on our behalf in accordance with a non-disclosure agreement) make it clear that we have not made the choice to refuse to receive such marketing and our partners' marketing As regards, we will only send you these direct emails if you have clearly chosen to receive marketing communications from third parties.
If you do not wish to receive such an email, please let us know when you provide your personal information. Or you can no longer receive such benefits and emails, edit your account information by logging into the website or contacting us easily at any time.
You can also choose cookies as follows. You can choose to accept all cookies, be notified when you set it, or reject all cookies by changing your browser options. If you reject all cookies, some parts of our site may not function properly.
First, information security.
On our site, your PII is secure and compliant with current industry standards. The security of all PII related to our users is an issue of our utmost concern. There are many ways to protect your personal information. You can access PII with a password and a unique customer ID of your choice. The password is encrypted. It is advisable not to divulge your password to anyone. Furthermore, your PII is on a secure server and only our selected staff and contractors can access the server via a password. We encrypt your PII to prevent unauthorized parties from seeing such information when they send it to us.
As mentioned above, in order to provide you with the most effective service, credit card transactions and registration are performed by mature third party Banks, processing agents and circulation organs. They receive the necessary information to authenticate and approve credit card or other payment information, process and deliver the notes.
Unfortunately, no data sent over the Internet or any wireless network is 100% secure. Therefore, when we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that (a) the security and privacy of the Internet is limited beyond our control; (b) we cannot guarantee the security, integrity, or privacy of all information and data exchanged between you and us through the site. Such information and data may be viewed or altered by third parties during transmission.
A cookie.
When you use our website, we store cookies on our computer to facilitate and customize the use of our website. Cookies are small data text files that websites store on your computer's hard disk, if your Web browser allows, and later find the file to identify you to us You can do it. Our cookies store a randomly assigned user identification number, country of residence and name. Cookies make it easier for you to use our site, help us to make the site work smoother and keep it secure. You can refuse cookies at any time with your browser's permission, but in that case some parts of the website may not function properly.
External advertising services may be used to display banner ads on our website. As part of their service, they place cookies on your computer. We do not provide information about your purchase to any third party advertisers. As mentioned above, we and our third party AD servers collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the server from which your computer logged in, the code and zip code associated with the server, and whether or not you responded to certain ads. We collect and use information about you. Other advertisers may place banner ads on our site in the same way, but we do not disclose any PII to them.
1. Privacy policy of third party sites
Unless otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this document only refers to the use and disclosure of the information we collect from you. Other sites you access through this site have their own privacy policies and practices for data collection, use and disclosure. Please refer to the privacy policy of each site. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties and other companies that advertise on our site may use cookies to collect information about you while you view or click on that AD. . We have no control over the collection of information if you have any questions about the use of information collected by these advertisers, you should contact them directly.
The service may contain links to other sites. For example, if I purchase virtual currency or virtual items for my company's services, they may also be traded on third party sites. Any personal information you provide on linked pages or apps will be provided directly to third parties and subject to their privacy policies. This policy does not apply to such websites and does not apply to the content of websites linked to the services or other websites linked from the services, or to privacy and security practices. We are not responsible for this policy. We encourage you to understand their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with any personal information.
1. Other privacy issues.
Also, if you voluntarily disclose PII(i.e., your name, email address, etc.) in our forums or other public areas, this information and any information disclosed in your communications will be collected by third parties. You should understand that it may lead to information that may be used and that is not requested by third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and this policy does not apply to such information. Any content submitted to the chat rooms or other common areas of the site is accepted, but you understand that it is accessible to all third parties. If you do not want your opinion to be seen by a third party, we recommend that you do not submit your opinion. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and/or account information. When you use the Internet, be careful and responsible.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, how our site works, or your dealings with our site, or if you do not wish to receive any future communications from us. Please contact us in the following way.
E-mail address :shoufanggames@gmail.com.
1. A manual for children.
By accessing the site and/or services, you confirm that you are an independent minor, at least 18 years of age, or that you have the consent of your parents or legal guardian, and that you comply with the agreements and obligations set forth in this service. And have enough ability to participate.
Unless our services do not apply to children under the age of 13 (" children "or" children "), we do not require children to provide PII. That's why my company limits access to the service based on age restrictions. In some jurisdictions, we may allow children to register for and use certain services or features with parental consent.
If a child registers for the services with parental consent, we will take additional steps to protect the child's privacy.
We will inform parents of our practices with information about their children, including the types of PII that we may collect from them, what USES we use that information for, and with whom we share it
Applicable law requires parental consent to collect and use children's personal information.
We only collect personal information about children to the extent reasonably necessary to participate in online activities.
Parents can grant access to personal information collected from their children and ask them to change or delete personal information.
More specifically, when a child registers, he must provide the email address and/or other contact information of the parents or legal guardian, and my company will contact them and he/she will confirm or change his/her registration. And refuse. The parent/legal guardian may be required to submit additional documents or take additional actions as part of the approval process in accordance with applicable law. The company reserves the right to refuse the use of the service until the confirmation and activation of the parent or guardian is completed. We reserve the right to request written parental consent from a suspected child or potential user. Parents agreed to apply only to the specific services they allow.
Some of the services are designed to allow children to create their own free accounts, and include user names and other identifiers, passwords, date of birth (or age), photos, video, audio, country, zip code and other geographic information. We collect location information, parent or guardian email addresses, and/or other parent or guardian contact information. Such services may offer the possibility of a paid subscription or some gaming feature that allows children to participate in more activities on the service for a fee. The subscription service also allows parents and guardians to manage their children's accounts and create their own player accounts.
Some services allow children to create customized avatars that can be used in many of the activities within the service, such as mini-games and virtual worlds. Children can also invite their friends to the service using features such as "recommend to friends." The "refer to a friend" feature allows children to message their friends and invite them to access the service. We will only use your child's name and email address (or, if you don't have one, the email address of your parent or guardian) and your friend's email address to send single information. This information is not stored or used for any other purpose. We also do not disclose your child's email address to recipients.
Parents may delete their child's account or change their privacy Settings at any time by emailing the privacy compliance officer in section 1 above. We will respond to your request within 30 days of receiving it.
In either case, the child's use of the service must be made under the responsibility of his or her parent or legal guardian, and the child's use of the service is deemed to have been confirmed by that parent or legal guardian. Will be. I'm here. The company is not responsible for the activities of children within the permitted scope without the permission of their parents or legal guardians.
If you are a parent or legal guardian and allow a child to register for one or more services for the service, you agree to the child's terms of use of the service.