New
|
Promotions
|
Frequently Ordered
|
Categories
|
Brands
International food importer and distributor to retail and catering sector
Explore Products
Baking & Puddings
Catering
Cleaning
Confectionary
Cosmetics
Dairy Products
Dates
Dry Fruits & Nuts
Flours, Wraps & Pastries
Food Additives
Fresh Fruits & Veges
Frozen
Halal Meat Products
Honey & Jams
Lentils & Beans
See All
Download for a better experience!
It's time to download our new
Balkania
app having new features and improvements
SCAN
Search
Promotions
7 Days Bake Rolls
14x80g
PROMO
€4.88
(€4.88 inc VAT)
ADD
7 Days Bake Rolls
14x80g
€4.88
(€4.88 inc VAT)
ADD
7 Days Bake Rolls
14x80g
NEW
€6.88
(€6.88 inc VAT)
4
€6.88
(€6.88 inc VAT)
Summary
Code:
67890
Package:
12x350g
ADD
1&1
3 Horses
7up
A1
Aashirvaad
Abaco
Abc
Abido
Abo Kaas
Acacia
Adelina
Adria
Adriatic
AF
Afroase
See All
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. By clicking accept all, you agree to this.
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://balkania.ie/privacy-policy:
New
|
Promotions
|
Frequently Ordered
|
Categories
|
Brands
Home
/
Privacy Policy
/
Privacy Policy
The use of these Website, Application and Services provided by Balkania Ltd (Hereinafter referred to as The Owner”) are subject to this privacy policy. This privacy policy will help you understand how Balkania uses and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use Balkania's Website and Application. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and we will notify you of any changes. We recommend that you frequently check this page to stay up to date with the latest changes.
What we collect
These Website and Application collects various types of personal data, either by itself or through third-party services. These include contacts permission, camera permission, microphone permission, social media accounts permission, approximate location permission (continuous), cookies, usage data, email address, password, and unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example). Please refer to the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or the specific explanation texts displayed prior to data collection for complete details on each type of personal data collected. Personal data may be provided voluntarily by the user, or in the case of usage data, collected automatically when using these Website and Application. Unless specified otherwise, all data requested by these Website and Application are mandatory. Failure to provide this data may make it impossible for us to provide our services. If some data is not mandatory, we will clearly state this, and users are free not to communicate such data without any consequences to the availability or functioning of the service. If you are uncertain about which personal data is mandatory, feel free to contact The Owner. Any use of cookies or other tracking tools by these Website and Application or third-party services used by these Website and Application serves the purpose of providing the service required by the user, in addition to any other purposes described in this privacy policy or the cookie policy, if available. Users are responsible for any third-party personal data obtained, published, or shared through these Website and Application, and they confirm that they have obtained the third party's consent to provide the data to The Owner.
Mode and Place of Processing the Data
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of these Website and Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
• Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt- out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law.
• Provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
• Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject.
• Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner.
• Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data. Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected.
Therefore:
• Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
• Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
• The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to Ωsuch processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn.
• Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The Purposes of Processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Device permissions for Personal Data access, Analytics, Registration and authentication, Access to third- party accounts, Registration and authentication provided directly by these Website and Application Advertising. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Device Permissions for Personal Data Access
Depending on the User's specific device, these Website and Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below. By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document. The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software. Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of these Website and Application. If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by these Website and Application.
Approximate location permission (continuous): used for accessing the User's approximate device location. These Website and Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Camera permission: used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the device.
Contacts permission: used for accessing contacts and profiles on the User's device, including the changing of entries.
Microphone permission: allows accessing and recording microphone audio from the User's device.
The Rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner. In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
• Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
• Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
• Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
• Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
• Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
• Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
• Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
• Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection. Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights:
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action: The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of these Website and Application or the related Services. The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, these Website and Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, these Website, Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with these Website and Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
These Website and Application do not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within these Website, Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. By clicking accept all, you agree to this.
Reject all
Accept all