EB Apps
BLOG
PORTFOLIO
BOOKSHELF
GEAR
INDIEDEV TIPS
The Eraser - Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
April 3, 2021
Introduction
By using “The Eraser”, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. I invite you to fully read this page and make sure you understand its content prior to using “The Eraser”.
The Eraser: Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Edouard Barbier operates the website and the “The Eraser” mobile application (the “Service”) (name on the AppStore subject to change for search and discovery purposes).
The app is made available to you on an “as in”, “with all faults and “as available” basis. I cannot guarantee that the app will function or maintain the same level of service in the future. That is applicable for both free and paid users.
Please read this section carefully since it limits the liability of “The Eraser”.
By downloading “The Eraser”, your use of the app is at your own discretion and risk. “The Eraser” makes no claims or promises with respect to the quality, the accuracy or reliability of the app, its safety or security, or its content.
Prohibited activities
You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities:
use of bots, automated-scripts or scrapers to access the Service in a way that would use the Service functionality faster than a human reasonably could in the same period of time.
attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or record or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service
upload, post, email, transmit, forward, provide links to, or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
use the Service for commercial purposes unless you are the copyright holder or have obtained all necessary rights and licences to use for commercial purposes the material used to generate thumbnails with the Service.
User Content
Some areas of the Service allow Users to submit and publish content such as profile information, comments, questions, photographs, illustrations, fonts, designs, and other content or information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, prints or otherwise makes available on or via the Service without compensation “User Content”). You retain ownership of your User Content, and you understand that if you post User Content under a Brand, the Brand Owner will own—and be entirely responsible for—all such User Content, including any third party Intellectual Property Rights incorporated therein.For the avoidance of doubt, User Content does not include media from Unsplash (
Terms
).
Uploading & Publishing User Content to the Service
You agree not to submit or use User Content that:
may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal;
may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property;
seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise;
may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort;
contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, hostile, violent, or that which provokes violence or hostility, profane, or otherwise objectionable;
contains any information which discriminates against others based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, ancestry or national origin;
contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets);
contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or
contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current. You agree that any User Content does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy or publicity.
contains any information or content that you aim to create socially-significant false information distributed under the guise of truthful messages if they create a threat of endangering people’s lives, health, or property; create possibilities for mass violations of public order or public security; or may hinder the work of transportation and social infrastructure, credit institutions, lines of communications, industry, and energy enterprises.
User Content Licence Grant
By publishing any designs or content containing User Content using the Service, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant to The Eraser a multi-use, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Service , including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. For the avoidance of doubt, User Content does not include Stock Media.
Personally identifiable data collection
NONE: no personal data is stored on any servers. The projects created in the app stay on your device and are permanently deleted if you delete the app and select the option to delete data in the iOS System prompt.
Usage data:
The app may collect usage data (i.e. information based on your usage of the app. This is always done with the sole purpose of improving the experience for “The Eraser”’s users.
Examples: e.g. frequency and duration of usage, significant events and encountered errors if application has crashed etc. Some of this data is processed by Firebase Analytics (which tracks user engagement and major events happening inside the app to provide insights to developers) and Crashlytics (which provide crash reporting insights allowing developers to fix issues faced by users while they experience the app).
I am also relying on Google Analytics to capture website analytics for this webpage which sits on my personal website even though you are most likely reading it from within the app. When your are browsing my website, small files (known as “cookies”) are saved onto your device to collect analytics information about how users browse the site.
Internet address of your computer, tablet or phone is anonymised in the analytics service I use and these cookies are not used to identify you personally. You can
opt-out
of analytics cookies at any time.
Where are your data stored?
I use
Firebase
to store feedback data in a secure way.
I have a question about my data
If you have a question about this privacy and how your data are collected, used and stored when you use “The Eraser”, please feel free to email me at edouard.developer@gmail.com with the subject line “Data question” and let me know how I can help you.
Changes & updates
If “The Eraser” makes changes to Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, these changes will be posted on this page in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify these terms & conditions and/or privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently (at least on every app update).