3Woo
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy policy
Last updated 1st  May 2021
This Privacy  Policy details the information collected by 3Woo, operated on behalf of the app  owner (App Owner) by Sugary Life Limited (‘we’, ‘us’, the ‘Company’), how that  information may be used, with whom the information may be shared, the choices  available to you about such uses or disclosures, our use of cookies and how we  protect your information. Please ensure that you read this Privacy Policy  carefully when viewing or using this App or Service. By clicking the ‘Sign Up’  or similarly worded button on the bottom of the registration form on this app  homepage you confirm you have read and agree to the practices described in this  Privacy Policy.
1. What  information do we collect (including cookies)?
The Company may  collect and store information that you enter onto this app, or provide to us in  another way. This includes personally identifiable information, such as your  name, address, email, telephone / mobile number, and if you transact with us,  financial information (which is securely stored and held by our PCI compliant  payment service provider). You may also provide us with other information about  you such as your interests and sexual preferences, gender, age etc.
In addition, this app  automatically collects anonymous information about users such as their Internet  Protocol address, as well as statistics about how users navigate and use the app.  Like many other apps we also collect information obtained via app ‘cookies’.  Cookies are small pieces of removable data stored by your web browser on mobile  or other device, which are used to customize and improve your app experience.  By continuing to the use the app, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
2. How do we use  these information?
Subject to the  terms set out in these Terms of Use, the Company and its agents, in general  will use the information supplied by you (including without limitation  information of a personal and sensitive nature) for the purposes of
– delivering our  products and services and managing our business
– managing your  member account and providing you with customer support and associated  administrative functions
– providing you  via email and mobile communications with service related information,  promotions, special offers, plus other marketing information, related products  or apps we believe may be of interest to you
– performing app,  mobile and ad tracking analytics
– undertaking  research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our product, services  or content offered by the Company or others
– registering you  with and displaying your profile on other network partner apps operated by the  Company in accordance with Section 16 of the Terms of Use
– implementing or  enforcing any rights in our Terms of Use
The Company may  undertake these data functions itself or use a third party supplier on our  behalf, who is obligated to use your personal information only to perform the  services for us.
3. With whom do we  share this information?
Your personal  information may be shared and processed by the Company and its associated  agents. Each of the companies authorized to process your personal information  will do so in accordance with this Privacy Policy and shall use reasonable endeavors  to comply with their obligations and responsibilities. Your personal  information will never be disclosed to local authorities or other governmental  agencies unless as required by law or other binding regulations.
4. Where is this  information processed?
The personal  information collected on this app may be stored and processed in which the  Company or its associated agents or customers maintains facilities. You  acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be transferred outside  of the country in which you live and in providing such personal information you  give your legal consent to any such transfer.
5. Information you  provide about yourself
This privacy  policy only affects the use and disclosure of personal and other information we  collect from you. In using the App and Service you may decide to post  information about yourself and others and communicate with others or upload  content which may include personally identifiable information, such as  photographs or comments. Such user postings are governed by the app Terms of Use; We may use automated decision making in regard  to your personal data for some services and products and your user posting may  appear on other apps, associated to the dating platform, or when searches are  made on the subject of your posting. By disclosing personal information on  publicly viewable apps, such information becomes publicly visible and can be  collected and used by others. The Company cannot control who reads your posting  nor what other users may do with any information you voluntarily post, so we  encourage you to exercise discretion and caution over any personal information  you decide to post.
6. How we protect  your information
The company has  implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the  personal data that it has under its control from unauthorized access, improper  use, disclosure, unauthorized destruction or accidental loss. Unfortunately, no  system can be completely secure and although we take steps to secure your  personal information, we do not promise nor should you expect that your  personal information, searches or other communications will always remain  secure. Consequently we encourage you to take caution when disclosing your  personal information.
7. How to access  your information
If you have  created a member account using a app operated by the Company simply log into  your account using your username and password and click on ‘Profile’. You can  them amend your personal information.
You may also  delete or disable your account at any time by following the instructions  contained on the ‘Member Status’ page. Even if you delete or disable your  account we may still retain certain information associated to your account for  recordkeeping integrity requirements as well as to prevent fraud, collect any  fees owed, enforce our Terms of Use, protect the interests of other app users  or to take other actions as permitted by law.
An electronic copy  of your personal information is also available for download by you on your app  membership page.
For further  details please refer to the Company’s Data Retention Policy contained in  the Terms of Use.
8. Age restriction  policy
This App and  Service is restricted to users over the age of 18 (or the age of majority in  those USA States where 18 is not the age of majority). Furthermore, legislation  imposes restrictions on commercial apps, including ours. In compliance with  these, we do not target our apps and services to any persons under the age of  18 and any information we may receive from users we suspect to be under the age  of 18 will be removed from our database.
9. Email  permissions and opting out
When you register  on this app, you consent to receive email messages from the Company. At any  time you can choose to opt out from receiving messages. To restrict the  frequency or to stop receiving emails from us, simply login using your username  and password and go to the your Profile section of the app. Using the Settings  feature you can then manage your options to receive, restrict or stop  promotional emails and message notifications.
To learn more  about your rights, to contact to a supervisory authority, to withdraw consent  and to be forgotten, contact support on support@sugarylife.app.
10. Subscription  Payment
Member  subscription may not be assigned or transferred to any other person or entity.  Members should contact the company should there be a change to any of the  following details: expiration date of any credit card used in connection with  The Company; home or billing address or if there has been an apparent breach of  security, such as loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure or use of an ID or  password. Until Company is notified, by conventional mail, email or submitting  a ticket to the Helpdesk, the Member will remain liable for any unauthorized  use of the app and its services.
In the event of a  lost, stolen card or reported fraud, the Company will cooperate fully with any  investigation by your issuing bank or law enforcement agency and will provide  any data required which may include your personal information.
11. Changes to  this Privacy Policy
This Privacy  Policy may be amended by the Company from time to time at our sole discretion.  These modifications to become effective once posted by the Company on the App  as indicated by the ‘last updated date’ at the start of this Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of the App and Service after any such modifications  constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with  any modifications made in the new Privacy Policy then you must cease to use the  Service with immediate effect.
Contact
The company Call  Centre operating hours are 24 / 7 / 365, members can contact the company via  email. Visit https://www.sugarylife.app for more information.
If you have any  questions about this Privacy Policy then you may contact our Data Protection  officer by sending an email to
support@sugarylife.app
.
This app is  operated by Sugary Life Limited ,
Registered Office:  A222, 3rd Phase 2, Hang Fung Industrial Bldg, 2G Hok Yuen Street East, Hung  Hom, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Copyright © 2021.3Woo All rights reserved.