Our Story
Careers
BLOG
Trailmix Privacy Policy
Last updated on
20th of January 2025
A quick summary:
this document explains:
what information we and our partners collect when you use Trailmix’s games and services;
where that information is stored and how it is protected;
how we use that information;
how long we retain that information; and
your rights in relation to that information (including your right to delete your data – please see section 7.4(b)).
This Privacy Policy explains to you how your personal information is collected and stored and what happens to it regarding the Trailmix Services. Because we know legal wording is not much fun, we have included a short and informal summary of each section (but the full version is the legally binding one). If you have any queries you can contact us at
support@trailmixgames.com
.
1.     WHO WE ARE AND WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY GOVERNS
This Privacy Policy explains the different kinds of information Trailmix can collect from you when you're using the Trailmix Services. Legally, we cannot and will not collect personal information about children below 13 without parental/guardian involvement. We will comply with applicable privacy laws, including the EU’s GDPR.
1.1.
About Us.
We are Trailmix Ltd (incorporated and registered in England and Wales) with company number 11032446) of Third Floor, 20 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7AN, United Kingdom as well as the Trailmix group of companies (“
Trailmix
”).
‍
1.2.
Which services does this Privacy Policy apply to?
All of our video games, our websites, user accounts, customer and technical support, wikis, blogs, social media services and other products and services - “
Trailmix Services
” for short.
‍
1.3.
What information does this Privacy Policy apply to?
Specifically, this Privacy Policy governs personal data (or, in the USA, personally identifiable information) and applicable non-personal information (or, in the USA, non-personally identifiable information), which we collect from you when you are using the Trailmix Services ("personal data" means information which, on its own or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you).
‍
1.4.
What about children?
We recognise we have a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children. Legally you must be at least 13 years old to use the Trailmix Services (but this might be older depending on whether or not a particular Trailmix Service has a required minimum age rating) as per our Terms of Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 without consent from their parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned about the transfer of personal information about your child, please contact
support@trailmixgames.com
.
‍
‍
1.5.
What about GDPR?
We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information in accordance with applicable legislation in the EU (which includes the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or the GDPR as it is often referred to), the USA and elsewhere. For personal information contained in this Privacy Policy which is used by Trailmix in connection with the Trailmix Services, Trailmix is the data controller under EU data protection legislation.
2.     WHAT INFORMATION IS COVERED?
We may collect certain information when you use the Trailmix Services such as your name and email address (more information below). We do not receive or store your payment details. Please also read our
Cookie Policy
.
2.1.
What information might we collect from you?
When you sign up for, download, use or play the Trailmix Services then we will collect certain information from you. The information that we collect varies depending on the particular Trailmix Services used, but this may include:
Technical Details.
When you use, play or access the Trailmix Services we or third parties on our behalf may collect technical details about the device you are using, including: user ID, internet and/or network connection (including IP address); MAC address, any device identifier; your operating system, browser type or other software; and your hardware or other technical details.
Your Activities.
When you use, play or access the Trailmix Services we or third parties on our behalf may collect details of how you use our services, including: metrics information about when and how you use the services; traffic data; language preferences; in-game purchases; achievements; scores; gameplay statistics; time spent playing; and your geographical location data.
Your Communications.
If you contact us (e.g. via email or call for customer support), respond to our in-game surveys, or post in chat sessions, on our social media pages, or other areas of the Trailmix Services, we may collect and maintain a record of your contact details, user ID, and the content of your communications or response.
User Accounts and Newsletters.
To access certain Trailmix Services (e.g. games) you may need to create a user account. Or if you sign up to a newsletter, you will be asked to provide us with certain information. This will be displayed to you at the time you start to use the applicable Trailmix Services (e.g. when you sign up for a newsletter) and may include your name, username, age, birthdate, a photo or avatar, email address, country of residence and contact information.
Third Party Accounts. In certain circumstances (e.g. connecting to our games), you may be able to log into or connect to certain Trailmix Services via third party accounts (e.g. Facebook). If you choose to do so, you are asked to share certain information with us (the exact information will depend on the particular third party account displayed to you on the permissions page when you attempt to log in, but may include your name, location, gender, birth date, email address, photo, profile URL and friends list) – see section 5 for more details.
Some of the information types referred to above may be collected on an aggregated or anonymised (e.g. hashed) basis, or we may use it or share it in an aggregated or anonymised way, for research or analysis into the way our services operate and are used.
2.2.
What about the storage of payment details?
The processing and storage of payment details is a matter for the relevant platform and the applicable payment methods/processors. Trailmix will not receive, process or store any of your payment details. This is because the payment transactions themselves are completed through the relevant platforms (e.g. Apple’s App Store or Google Play) via the user account you have associated with that platform account. If you make in-game purchases within a Trailmix game or product, we are notified by the payment processor once a transaction takes place but we will not receive any of your actual payment details.
2.3.
What about cookies?
We and third parties on our behalf also collect information about you via cookies and other advertising tracking technologies. You can find out more about our use of cookies and such technologies in our Cookie Policy
here
. The Cookie Policy forms part of this Privacy Policy.
3.     WHERE IS YOUR INFORMATION STORED?
We will store your information in Europe where possible. We will do our best to keep this information secure. No information security system is perfect so please remember to be careful.
‍
Where will your information be stored?
The information we hold will primarily be stored and processed in the EEA. By submitting your personal information, you explicitly agree to such transfer, storing or processing of data outside the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that this information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information we hold is stored on our secure servers which we own or license from appropriate third parties. We use industry standard procedures and security standards to prevent unauthorised access to our servers, however no online service or website can be completely secure, so please protect the account information in your possession as well.
4.     HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
We will use your information to run, maintain and improve the Trailmix Services as well as to communicate with you (e.g. with newsletters or emails). Sometimes we may share information with partners in order to run our services.
4.1.
How might your information be used?
We may use the information above in order to (for example):
Perform our agreement with you:
provide the Trailmix Services to you, including: to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us; allow you to participate in interactive features of the Trailmix Services when you choose to do so; and provide you with communication systems.
For our legitimate commercial interests:
monitor the performance of the Trailmix Services and user acquisition; ensure that the Trailmix Services are presented in the most effective manner for you and your device(s); enforce our Terms of Service and other policies; notify you about changes to the Trailmix Services; provide, maintain, protect and improve the Trailmix Services; and to protect Trailmix and Trailmix Services users.
Comply with our legal obligations:
where we are required to do so by law; and comply with intellectual property protection obligations we have under applicable laws including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the E-Commerce Directive.
Based on consent:
provide you with marketing information about products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you where you have asked us to do so; and send you push notifications on mobile devices where you have agreed to this.
4.2.
Will we ever share any of your information with other parties?
We will never share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes without first obtaining your consent.
We may engage third party service providers in the course of providing the Trailmix Services to you (e.g. data storage, server hosting, live operation, customer and technical support, game analytics, advertising etc) which may require them to access your information on our behalf. We will ensure there are appropriate contractual arrangements in place with any such third party service providers to protect your information. Those third parties may also collect some information directly from you (e.g. IP address, unique identifiers etc) subject to their own privacy policies.
We may work with third party service providers (e.g. ad network and measurement services) to display advertising on the Trailmix Services and to manage our ads on third party sites. We may share certain information (such as your email address, country of residence and your age) with third parties so that we can better target ads and content to you. You can choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising by updating the settings on your device and you may be able to opt-out from the collection of information by some of our advertising partners as further detailed in our
Cookie Policy
.
We may share your information within the Trailmix company group for the purpose of providing the Trailmix Services.
In the unlikely event of a reorganisation or merger of Trailmix we may transfer personal information to an involved third party who will protect this to at least the same level as we do in this Privacy Policy.
5.     HOW YOU USE YOUR INFORMATION AND THIRD PARTIES?
You have the option to share your own personal information with other parties, in which case it will be governed by those parties’ own privacy policies – make sure to take a look at them.
Please remember that any communications you have via the Trailmix Services may reveal details about you. Also, any information you post publicly will be publicly available to other people. We are not responsible for your use of any otherwise private personal information which you make available, or the activities of other users or other third parties to whom you give or make available your information or content. The Trailmix Services may, from time to time, contain or connect you with third party content or services – see section 2.1.(e) for more information. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to external sites or companies, so please refer directly to their privacy policies.
6.     DATA RETENTION
We retain your information for as long as needed to provide the Trailmix Services to you or longer where permitted by law.
How long do we retain your data for?
As long as necessary for the purpose for which the data was originally collected. As detailed below, depending on where you live you may have certain legal rights to object to our collection and use of your data, but this may mean some or all Trailmix Services become unavailable to you. We also reserve the right to retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, maintain appropriate business records and enforce our agreements.
7.     YOUR RIGHTS
You have rights about how your personal information is used, which can vary depending on where you live. If you have any questions, please contact us at
support@trailmixgames.com
.
7.1.
Can you ask us to stop processing your personal information?
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can change your email settings to unsubscribe from email communications. Our
Cookie Policy
also details how you can deactivate certain types of cookies and other ad tracking technologies that may be used in providing certain Trailmix Services.
7.2.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you live, you may have additional privacy rights. For example, in the EU (particularly under the new GDPR) you have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal data we possess; you have the legal right to ask us to rectify/correct your personal data; and you may have the legal right to contact us to request that we delete your personal data from our system. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honour your request, but we may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive, are disproportionate, infringe the privacy of others or as otherwise permitted by law. Please note though that by withdrawing your consent or otherwise objecting to certain processing of your information, certain Trailmix Services may no longer function properly or be completely unavailable to you.
7.3.   Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us have the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and the identities of those third parties, within the immediately preceding calendar year, subject to certain exceptions. All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to: Trailmix Ltd at Third Floor, 20 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7AN, United Kingdom. This same California law permits us to provide you, in response to your written request, with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information. You may exercise that choice by contacting us at the address above.
7.4.
Who should you contact if you would like to exercise these rights?
a.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights or have any queries regarding them, please contact:
support@trailmixgames.com
.
b. If you would like to delete your data, then this can be done in a few ways: (i) by contacting us at the email address provided above; (ii) by contacting us via our support form
here
; or (iii) by deleting it in-game via the settings (further instructions on how to do this are available
here
).
‍
8.     OTHER
We can change this Privacy Policy, but if we do we will put the changed version online. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions with regards to the changes at
support@trailmixgames.com
. Please read our Terms of Service at
www.trailmixgames.com/terms-of-service
.
8.1.
Will we ever change this Privacy Policy?
Possibly, but if we do we will make the changed Privacy Policy available online, make reasonable efforts to notify you of this and update the “Last Updated” date. Once we change the Privacy Policy, it will become legally binding on you and us 30 days after we post it online. You are welcome to contact us if you have specific questions about the changes at
support@trailmixgames.com
. If you do not agree to those changes, regardless of whether you email us then unfortunately you must cease using all Trailmix Services.
8.2.
Are there any other documents you should read?
We'd also like to remind you that our Terms of Service has more information about how we operate the Trailmix Services (
www.trailmixgames.com/terms-of-service
).
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.trailmixgames.com/candidate-privacy-policy:
Our Story
Careers
BLOG
Candidate Privacy Policy
Last updated on
21th of May 2021
INTRODUCTION
Hello!
At Trailmix, we are committed to respecting your privacy. This policy is intended to be a  transparent explanation of the use and processing of the personal and if applicable non personal data of current, prospective or past candidates, employees, workers and  consultants. We’ve broken this policy down into four sections:
1. What data we collect from you
2. Why we collect it
3. The procedures in place to protect your data and rights
4. About us & how to contact us
It is important to read and understand this policy together with any other privacy policy  relating to other specific circumstances and uses.
This policy does not form part of any contract for services or any other contract such as  that of employment and may be amended from time to time.
1. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU:
When you apply for a role at Trailmix, during the application process and during your  prospective employment or contract for services we collect personal data from you. The  main reasons we do this in order to assist us in our recruitment process and hiring  practices, business analysis and compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
The data that we collect may include:
1.1    Title and full name
1.2   Date of Birth
1.3   Contact details such as home address, email and telephone number - Home address
1.4   Nationality
1.5   Gender
1.6   Immigration and visa status
1.7   Immigration and visa status
1.8   Payment details
1.9   Right to work documentation including copies of passport or ID card
1.10   Any other information you provide through the freeform component of your  application such as cover letter and C.V
1.11   Information provided by you regarding your References and the subsequent  information your References provide about you
1.12   Information provided to us from third parties, such as recruitment agencies or fraud  prevention agencies.
1.13   Publicly available information gathered through recruitment and social media sites  such as LinkedIn
1.14   Data stored through the interview process. Such as CCTV for building access  controls for our studio
This list is intended to be as comprehensive as possible but is not exhaustive and may be  updated from time to time.
2. WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA:
2.1.   The information collected during the application process, the course of your employment or  contract for services (whether obtained directly from you or from third parties) may be used  by us for the following purposes:
a.   To determine your suitability for employment or contracting services
b.   To communicate with you during and after your application in relation to the role and  services provided
c.   To contact you should a future opportunity for employment or contract for services  arise
d.   To contact your references or background checks where applicable - To conduct right to work checks
e.   To carry out our legal and regulatory obligations as an employer
f.    To monitor and manage our business, staff and studio for HR, administrative and  safety purposes
g.    To maintain business analysis activities
h.    To bestow benefits in connection with your employment or contract for services
k.    To ensure compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and for other legal  purposes
‍
2.2.   In specific cases where sensitive personal data is provided, such as that relating to sexual  orientation, racial or ethnic origin, political affiliation, health or disability, the use cases are  further restricted. These include:
a.   To ensure we are not prejudicial or discriminatory in our recruitment and hiring  practices
b.   To ensure we are an equal opportunity employer
c.   To make any adjustments necessary to accommodate candidates with disabilities or  health concerns
d.   To meet any obligations imposed on us by law
‍
2.3.   In specific cases where personal data relating to criminal convictions & offences is provided  use cases include:
a.   To prevent or report an offense or unlawful act
b.   To comply with or in connection with any current or prospective legal proceedings - To obtain legal advice
c.   To meet any obligations imposed on us by law
‍
3. THE PROCEDURES IN PLACE TO PROTECT YOUR DATA AND RIGHTS:
Trailmix maintains a strict set of procedures to protect your data and rights and in order to  meet our regulatory and legal obligations.
Any personal data collected by Trailmix is primarily stored and maintained in electronic  format in electronic systems and databases and is only accessible by authorised personnel.  On occasion we may also store your personal data in hard copy, for example right to work  check documentation.
Industry standard technical and organisational safeguards such as encryption and access  controls have been implemented to protect your personal data both online and offline from  unauthorised use, manipulation or loss. We will only transfer personal data to a third party if
there is a legitimate reason for doing so and it agrees to comply with those procedures and  policies, or if it puts in place adequate measures itself.
Personal data stored on electronic systems and databases may be located outside of the  European Economic Area (“EEA”). Trailmix is committed to taking steps to ensure that  personal data transferred outside of the EEA still has all the appropriate safeguards and  protections afforded.
Trailmix acknowledges that, as with any safeguard or security measure, it cannot guarantee  the total security of information & data. In the unlikely event of a data breach or suspected  data breach, Trailmix have put in place procedures and will notify you and any applicable  regulator of a breach where required to do so.
Personal data will not be held for longer than there is a legitimate case for doing so.  Personal data collected from unsuccessful candidates or speculative hires will be held for 3  years after the recruitment process or services provided to the company has has  concluded.
You have the following rights if you have provided us with your personal data:
3.1.   The right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data (set out  in this policy)
3.2.   The right to be informed about the purposes for processing and collection of your  personal data and how long it is stored for (set out in this policy)
3.3.   The right to make a ‘subject access request’. This means to access and obtain  copies of the personal data (as defined in section 1) we hold about you
3.4.   The right to data portability. This means to obtain and reuse your personal data for  your own purposes or to transmit said data to another data controller
3.5.   The right to rectify or complete personal data collected which you believe to be  inaccurate or incomplete
3.6.   The right to erase your personal data
3.7.   The right to restrict processing. This means the ways in which we process and use your personal data
3.8.   The right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data
‍
Please note that these rights are not exhaustive or absolute and we may be required by  applicable data protection laws to amend or refuse requests in specific circumstances or  where exceptions apply.
Unless in contradiction to any applicable data protection laws, there is no charge for  exercising your legal rights above or rights under any applicable data protection laws.  However, in situations where requests are determined to be unfounded, excessive,  deliberately repetitive or malicious in nature we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee  (subject to any limits imposed by applicable law) taking into account the administrative  costs of providing the information or alternatively refuse to act on the request.
In addition to the above, if we have reasonable doubts concerning the identity of the  person in relation to the personal data requested, we may require additional information to confirm your identity and protect personal data collected from unauthorised access.
4. ABOUT US AND HOW TO CONTACT US
We are Trailmix Ltd (incorporated and registered in England and Wales) with company  number 11032446) of Third Floor, 20 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7AN, United Kingdom as  well as the Trailmix group of companies (“Trailmix”).
Trailmix is committed to taking all reasonable steps to try to ensure that your personal  information is kept accurate and up to date. However, we request that in order to ensure  accuracy and timely communication that that you notify Trailmix of any changes to your  personal information without undue delay.
The Trailmix group is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under  registration number ZA559819
If you wish to contact us at any time with questions in relation to the use of your personal  data provided to us or if you would like to exercise any of your legal rights under applicable  data protection laws, you can reach us at:
Data Protection Officer
Trailmix Ltd Third Floor,
20 Old Bailey,
London,
EC4M 7AN
By email: Info@trailmixgames.com
This policy was last updated: March 2021