Your location is set to
Ireland
Shop in EUR €
Get shipping options for Ireland
Continue
Change country/region
We respect your privacy!
By clicking “Accept all”, you agree that our website can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept all
Manage preferences
Privacy policy
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Lean Fitness Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Lean Fitness Limited collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you subscribe OR purchase a product or service OR take part in a competition.
This website is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity:
Lean Fitness Limited
Email address:
support@leanwithlilly.com
Postal address:
17-19 Foley Street, London, United Kingdom, W1W 6DW
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance
WE COLLECT THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF INFORMATION
1. Information you provide to us directly: when you register for an account via email, we collect your full name, password, and email address. For the fitness application we also collect other information which may include your general health and habits (for the habit tracking session, follow-on classes and meal planner and physio elements of the app product) in order to provide a tailored-type service for each customer.
Technical information we collect:
Any use of LEAN FITNESS LIMITED ’s website, software and application may result in the collection of technical information such as your computer’s IP address, mobile device identifier, meta data, operating system, browser name/version, the referring web page, requested page; such information is used to help us understand the overall usage pattern of our website and software.
We also use third-party analytics tools to help us measure how you use LEAN FITNESS LIMITED. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including how you like to use our software and website which can help us in improving our Service.
LEAN FITNESS LIMITED may invite you to provide information through feedback on features on our website or software; we may send out e-mail inviting feedback or offering products and services; or we may ask you for information concerning support of our products or services. Your response to these communications may require you to submit personal information and opinions.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information that we receive to:
Help you efficiently access your information after you sign in
Remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
Provide personalised content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing
Provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service
Develop and test new products and features
Monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
Diagnose or fix technology problems
Automatically update the LEAN FITNESS LIMITED application on your device
We have set out below, a description of all the ways we may plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out below.
Purpose/Activity:
To register you as a new customer
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees, and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Type of data
Identity, contact, transaction, marketing and communications, identity, profile, usage, technical
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services, to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
PURPOSE OF USING YOUR INFORMATION
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside LEAN FITNESS LIMITED without your consent, except as noted in this Policy. Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share User Content not personal information with potential business partners, service providers as a way of improving our service and providing relevant content. This will be done under confidentiality terms.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
We may be required to disclose your information without your prior consent by law for the following reasons:
Comply with law or legal process
Protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights and property of a third party
Protect us against misuse or unauthorized use of any of  Lean Fitness Limited products, software, services, or other proprietary materials
Prevent death or imminent bodily harm. prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Storage and Processing:
We use commercially reasonable precautions to help keep your personal information safe and stored securely. However, Lean Fitness Limited cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to LEAN FITNESS LIMITED or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and LEAN FITNESS LIMITED, at all times.
Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the social media services you connect to LEAN FITNESS LIMITED make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
Following termination or deactivation of your account, LEAN FITNESS LIMITED its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
Email our support to know about deleting your account support@leanwithlilly.zendesk.com.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
LEAN FITNESS LIMITED does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website/software, or are accessed through our web/in-app browser are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by support@leanwithlilly.zendesk.com
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing support@leanwithlilly.zendesk.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing support@leanwithlilly.zendesk.com
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please find the appropriate support channel in the LEAN FITNESS LIMITED settings or contact us at support@leanwithlilly.zendesk.com.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
LEAN FITNESS LIMITED may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of LEAN FITNESS LIMITED or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
You have successfully subscribed!
Please login and you will add product to your wishlist
SIGN IN
REGISTER
×
Select Country
UNITED KINGDOM
EUROPE
NORTH AMERICA
REST OF THE WORLD
close
Something went wrong, please contact us!
Continue shopping
View cart
Your Cart is currently empty!
Subtotal
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue shopping
0