Privacy Notice
Last Updated July 27 2021
When you use any of our services (the "Services", which include the Who's Most App), we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you use our application.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Mobile App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our App and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the App (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps') and hardware settings).
Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the App. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information.
Location Data. We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the App. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling these services in your device.
User Profile Date. A user can set a username within the application. This will be used as a visual identifier throughout use of the App. A user may also choose to provide a profile image, which will also be used as a visual identifier throughout use of the App.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
General Functionality. We require this information to allow for general use of the game.
Improve Performance. To monitor application crashes and server downtime, we must will check whether the application is functioning as expected.
Anonymised Sign In. We don't require any authentication service other than the device to access the application. All user profiles are anonymised and the only data we hold, is that which is provided by a user when using the App.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights. We do not share any information with third-party advertisers.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order
to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Our servers are located in Belgium. If you are accessing our App from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities in other countries.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.
You may review, change, or terminate your anonymised account at any time.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
info@whosmostapp.com