Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Agreement was last modified on May 24, 2023.
Protecting your private information is our priority. This statement of Privacy applies to the webpage www.digitalcomtech.com and DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGIES LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGIES LLC (also referred to as DCT) include www.digitalcomtech.com, including sub-domains of DCT sites such as support.digitalcomtech.com and university.digitalcomtech.com. This privacy policy also includes applications and services we offer including: Pegasus Gateway, Syrus Mobile, and Taurus mobile application (also known as “Taurus App”). The DCT website is a technology and information services site.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
DCT may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase DCT’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete any purchase transactions. DCT may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your gender.
We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by DCT. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain pages, access time and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the applications and services, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the DCT website and our services.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through DCT’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. DCT encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from DCT so that you can understand how those websites collect, used and share your information. DCT is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of any DCT website.
Also note that we collect the following personal information through the Taurus app:
Location Data
: Taurus App collects location data from your mobile device, including GPS coordinates, to enable the functionality of Taurus App.
Other data that’s collected by the Taurus App include:
– Network info (Carrier, SIM ID, and IMSI): this is used for network connectivity diagnostics information.
– Device Manufacturer, Model, and Version: this is used for identification purposes on the device.
Note that we do not collect the phone’s IMEI number, we use a fake/made up IMEI number in order to relate it to the phone on our servers.
The data that’s collected is transmitted securely to our backend servers where it’s processed and shown on a platform.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
DCT collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. DCT may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from DCT and its affiliates.
DCT may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
DCT does NOT sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
DCT may occasionally contact you on behalf of external business partners regarding offers that might interest you. In these cases, your personal information (such as email address, name, mailing address, or telephone number) is not shared with those third parties.
However, DCT may share data with trusted partners to help conduct statistical analyses, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange deliveries. For example, email campaigns or newsletters, handling the logistics of products, respond to customer service inquiries, or analyze site usage data to help DCT improve its services. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any purpose other than delivering these services to DCT and are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
DCT may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within DCT, in order to determine what DCT services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within DCT to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
DCT will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on DCT or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of DCT; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of DCT, or the public.
DCT collects location data for app functionality: The Taurus App, developed for customers who want to track their phones in our IoT platform, Pegasus Gateway, utilizes location data to record user trips, create geofences, record visits, and calculate distance traveled.
USE OF COOKIES
The DCT website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of the cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize DCT pages, or register with DCT site or services, a cookie helps DCT to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same DCT website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the DCT features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the DCT services or websites you visit.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
DCT secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
DCT through the Taurus application uses the phone’s location data solely for the purposes stated above in
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
. We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information and ensure its confidentiality. Your location data will not be sold, traded, or otherwise transferred to third parties without your explicit consent, except as required by law or as necessary to fulfill our services.
BACKGROUND DATA COLLECTION
Please note that the Taurus App collects location data in the background, even when Taurus App is not actively in use. This enables Taurus App to provide accurate and up-to-date tracking and trip recording features.
CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN
DCT does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
OPT-OUT & UNSUBSCRIBE
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from DCT by contacting us here:
• Web page chat: [www.digitalcomtech.com][1]
• Email:
info@digitalcomtech.com
• Phone: (305) 809-0638
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
DCT will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. DCT encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how DCT is protecting your information.
CONTACT INFORMATION
DCT welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that DCT has not adhered to this Statement, please contact DCT at:
• DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGIES LLC
5835 Blue Lagoon Dr Suite # 202
Miami, Florida 33126
• Email address: info@digitalcomtech.com
• Telephone number: 305-809-0638
SECURITY STANDARDS
Pegasus IoT Platform: Certified for Maximum Security & Reliability
View Our Security Policy
Pin It on Pinterest
LATEST NEWS :
SYRUS CLOUD LOGIN
PEGASUS LOGIN
DCT Receives Product Certification from Verizon Wireless
X
Notifications
1
2