Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
API Terms and Conditions
Referral Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 23, 2018. LunarCrush ("us", "we", or "our") operates
http://www.lunarcrush.com
(the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").

We may use your company name as a customer of LunarCrush. We will not use any other form of Personal Information without prior consent.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.

Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send.
Compliance With Laws
LunarCrush will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Site.
Business Transactions
If LunarCrush is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

LunarCrush, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Connected Profile Privacy
LunarCrush does not collect or share any personal information from connected profiles with third-party tools, including AI models. The information we collect is only used to allow a user to prove they are the owner of a publicly visible social account.

LunarCrush use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Children's Privacy
Our Site does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
LunarCrush may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
LunarCrush
LunarCrush
Categories
What trends are you looking for?
/
Get Started
Home
Categories
Topics
Creators
Compare
Developers
Support
Pricing
About
Terms
Privacy
© 2025 LunarCrush Inc.
v1.81.80