Privacy Policy
Office Create Corp. (hereinafter referred to as “Office Create”) respects the privacy of all customers (hereinafter referred to as “Customers”) who use the application
Cooking Mama : Cuisine!
distributed by Office Create and the services provided through the application (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Application”). Office Create will manage information obtained from Customers through the Application (including personal information, hereinafter referred to as “Customer Information”) with the utmost care in accordance with the following provisions, and will endeavor to handle and protect such information appropriately.
Section 1. Definition of Information and its Collection
What is Personal Information?
Personal information, as defined in this Privacy Policy, refers to the information which falls under any of each following items.
Information about individuals obtained by Office Create through the Application that can identify specific individual Customers, such as name, address, telephone number, gender, age, date of birth, e-mail address, and other descriptions. This includes information that cannot be used to identify a specific individual customer by itself, but can be easily cross-checked with other information to identify a specific individual Customer.
Information about individuals obtained by the Office Create through the Application that contains a personal identification code (including information that contains a driver’s license number, passport number, fingerprint recognition data, etc.).
Game Information
Customers’ gameplay data may be collected through the Application or other means. This gameplay data cannot be used to identify an individual Customer, nor will it be linked in any way to information that can identify an individual Customer. This gameplay data will be stored locally on the Customer’s device and will also be stored on iCloud to record the game progress for the Application. It will also be sent to Game Center to store achievement data. Office Create will not receive this gameplay data, nor will it be stored on Office Create’s servers.
In order to disconnect the gameplay data described in the previous paragraph from iCloud, the Customer must set the iCloud for the game to OFF in the Apple settings. Also, in order to stop sending gameplay data to Game Center, a Customer must manually sign out of Game Center in the Apple settings. For more information about the data stored by the Apple service, please refer to the Apple privacy policy.
Collection of Game Analytics Data for Improvements
Office Create obtains game analytics data sent anonymously when the Customer voluntarily agrees to send such data for the purpose of improving the Application. The analytics data sent cannot be used to identify an individual Customer, nor will it be linked in any way to information that can identify an individual Customer. Office Create stores and manages this anonymous game analytics data in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud.
Customers may choose not to send the analytics data described in the preceding paragraph by manually opting out of doing so.
Collection of Information when a Customer makes Inquiries, etc. to Office Create
When a Customer makes an inquiry to Office Create regarding the Application, Office Create may obtain from the Customer the details of the inquiry and the Customer’s contact email address, etc. This information will be stored and managed on Office Create’s servers.
Collection of Personal Information of Minors
In principle, Office Create does not collect personal information through the Application from Customers who are under 13 years of age or under the age for which parental consent is required in the Customer’s region. Therefore, if for a particular reason Office Create collects personal information through the Application without parental consent from a Customer who is under 13 years of age or under the age for which consent is required in the Customer’s region, Office Create will delete the personal information as soon as we becomes aware that it is the personal information of a minor Customer for which parental consent has not been given.
Section 2. Use of Information
Purposes of Use of Personal Information
Office Create may use Customer Information collected through the Application for the following purposes.
To identify and validate the identity of Customers.
To answer and respond to inquiries from Customers to Office Create.
To notify Customers of information or provide guidance regarding the Application.
To conduct marketing research, statistical analysis, and other analytics on Customers for the purpose of improving or enhancing the functions of the Application.
To contact Customers to request consent for the handling of personal information.
To prevent improper use of the Application.
To survey and analyze the usage situation of the Application.
To aggregate and publish statistically processed information as survey results.
To exercise rights and obligations under the Terms of Use and laws pertaining to the Application.
To perform duties incidental to the purposes listed in the preceding items.
Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
In principle, Office Create will not provide Customers’ personal information to third parties, except when required by laws and regulations, or when Customer consent is deemed to have been granted in keeping with the intent of the relevant laws and regulations. However, in order to ensure the efficient execution of business relating to the Application or the smooth provision of the Application to Customers, Office Create may outsource services to a third party or form a business partnership with a third party, and disclose personal information to such outsourced service providers or business partners to the extent necessary. In such cases, Office Create will implement appropriate measures and oversight to ensure the safe management of personal information, including confidentiality agreements (agreements that include provisions on the handling of personal information) with the outsourced service providers or business partners in question.
Section 3. Management of Information
Proper Management of Information
Office Create will handle Customer Information that we collect, stores, and manages in a proper and careful manner, taking the utmost care and implementing all necessary and appropriate security control measures to prevent unauthorized access, loss, destruction, tampering, and leaking of said information. In the unlikely event that an incident occurs, Office Create will take prompt action to minimize any damage and take remedial measures to prevent recurrence.
Office Create will ensure that all of our directors, officers, and employees comply with this privacy policy. Furthermore, the necessary training and supervision to ensure compliance with this privacy policy will be provided as appropriate.
Storage of Data
Customer Information collected by Office Create through the Application will be stored by Office Create until such time as it is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected, or until such time as Office Create is required to delete the information under the relevant laws in a Customer’s region. Gameplay data stored on a Customer’s device will be saved until the Customer deletes (uninstalls) the game from the device.
Disclosure, Correction, and Deletion of Information
Customers may request Office Create to disclose, correct, or delete Customer Information that we have collected. When Office Create receives such a request, we will respond to the request within a reasonable period of time after confirming that the Customer is the person who provided the information in question. Please contact the inquiry desk listed in the next paragraph regarding the relevant procedures.
Inquiries
For inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy, or to request disclosure, correction, or deletion of information, please contact the inquiry desk below. Confirmation of identity may be required.
227-0062
2-10-16 Aobadai, Aoba-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa
3F, No.2 Suzuki Building
Office Create Corp.
Email: privacypolicy@ofcr.co.jp
Revision of the Privacy Policy
Office Create reserves the right to revise this privacy policy at any time for any reason without giving prior notice to Customers. In such cases, the revised privacy policy will be published on this web page, and the revised privacy policy will go into effect when published.
Enacted and effective as of June 17, 2022