With your agreement, we and
our 17 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Store and/or access information on a device
, Vivendi Group entities data optimization
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
GAMELOFT PRIVACY POLICY
GAMES AVAILABLE ON
APPLE ARCADE
Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously.
This Privacy Policy is specific to Gameloft game, Asphalt 8, offered on Apple Arcade. It describes what information Gameloft collects and how we use, disclose, transfer, and store it (when necessary). If you do not want Gameloft to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to use our Services (as described below).
Gameloft S.E., including its subsidiary companies (“Gameloft”), collects, stores, and uses your information as a data controller in connection with, and in order to provide and develop, Gameloft’s services and websites (together referred to as the “Services”) in accordance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
All of our Services available on Apple Arcade, whether used on mobile devices, Mac or other platforms such as Apple TV, are governed by this Privacy Policy.
By using the Services, you hereby consent to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 4th, 2021, and was created on May 27th 2021.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please see the “
How to contact us
” section below.
1 – Information we collect, purposes and uses
Asphalt 8, our racing game is available on Apple Arcade.
We collect the following information for the following purposes:
- identify and authenticate you into the game: We use Apple Gamekit (Game Center) and your Gameplayer ID.
- save your game progress
- propose you two online features: leaderboards and multiplayer mode. We will ask your consent through a pop-up if you want to use these features. If you use one of them we will collect your Game Center DisplayName identifier generated by the game. This information cannot be used to identify you directly.
We also collect gameplay non-personal information that is required for the online features functioning.
- let you
to play the game with your music stored on your device.
The game will ask your prior
permission before accessing your device.
Our legal basis for data collection is your consent and internal operations of the game.
2 – How we retain your information
You can delete your game progress from iCloud at any time.
Your Player ID and your gameplay information are stored into Gameloft systems or into Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud. AWS is our provider. Player ID and your gameplay information are
automatically deleted after 18 months of inactivity.
Before this date, you can also ask for your Player ID to be deleted from our internal servers or from AWS cloud by contacting our Data Protection Officer. For this purpose, please refer to section 7 of this Privacy Policy.
3 – How we share your information
In order to operate the Services, anonymous game analytics may be transferred to other Gameloft studios or entities, subsidiaries located worldwide.
4 – Information Security
We have implemented security measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain information security, and correctly use anonymous information collected through the Services.
We take, and force applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect your anonymous information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of information over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
5 – Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be re-posted in the "Privacy" section of our websites and apps with the date the modifications were made indicated at the top of the page. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it. Your continued use of the Services after such change(s) constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use the Services or opt out by sending us appropriate notice. If you would like further information about any recent changes made, please send your request to
DataProtectionSupport[at]gameloft.com
and include “Information about Changes” in the subject line.
6 – Legal disclaimer
Our Services operate AS IS, and we do not represent or warrant that our Services will be available at all times, or that your use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Services or for matters beyond our control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of your country of residence. Any dispute arising from the use of the Services shall be submitted to the competent courts of your country of residence.
7 – How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us:
1 – customer support:
https://asphalt8support.gameloft.com/
2 – through the feedback form in App store for other question
If you have general question about privacy at Gameloft or want to exercise your privacy rights please:
- send an email to
DataProtectionSupport[at]gameloft.com
- write to the Gameloft Data Protection Officer, 14 rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France.