Privacy Policy
January 28, 2019
by
admin
This privacy policy explains how NADRA manages the personal information it collects from applicants at the time of filing application for ID cards.
This privacy policy is an overview, and does not provide details about all of our personal information management practices, procedures and systems.
We might collect personal information from you when you visit this site. You can generally visit this site without telling us who you are, unless you choose to provide such information.
Security of information
NADRA ensures (or will ensure) that:
All official information is safeguarded to ensure its confidentiality, integrity, and availability so that:
only authorized persons, using approved processes, access information
information is only used for its official purpose, retains its content integrity, and is available to satisfy operational requirements
Information is classified and labelled as required.
All information created, stored, processed, or transmitted in or over this system is properly managed and protected throughout all phases of a system’s life cycle.
Site visit data
A record of each visit to our site is logged. Information is recorded for statistical purposes and is used by NADRA to monitor the use of the site.
The information NADRA records when you access our website includes:
your IP or server address
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages or files accessed by you
your operating system
your web browser version and type
the time taken to transmit the information to you
the previous internet address from which you were referred to our website.
The information we collect can be used, for example, to show broken links on our website, bottlenecks, and other site problems. We use this information to maintain the site for efficient use.
We might also collect information about the device you use to access the website. This information could be used to identify you to assist us to carry out our functions and activities.
Data storage
We store your data on our secure servers in Pakistan.
Data security
Transmitting information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data. Therefore, any data you transmit is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it./li>
We won’t share your information with any other organizations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we do not pass on your details to other websites.
Payment transactions are always encrypted.
Information Disclosure
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we have to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements.
Transaction Security
NADRA’s website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to ensure transaction security.