Privacy Policy
Kfm PRIVACY POLICY
Summary Information relevant to Kfm Listeners, programmes, visitors to Kfm website & consumers of/users of Kfm social media
This Privacy Policy outlines how Kfm manages your personal data and only applies to this website and Kfm's Social Media platforms.
This Privacy Policy describes:
Types of personal information Kfm processes
How we process it
Purpose for processing it
How we use it
With whom we share it
How long will we retain it
Kfm’s processing of your personal information is in accord with:
The Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018,
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016
EU Privacy and Electronic Communications and Regulations 2003
Compliance by the Kfm team and their vigilance and diligence in observing all provisions of relevant legislation.
Information Kfm Collects
Consumers of Kfm Radio, the Kfm Website and Kfm Social Media send comments, entries to on-air competitions/promotions/giveaways to us via text, social media or email. You provide this information voluntarily on your own initiative in contacting us or when Kfm Presenters invite it on air when Kfm is conducting an on-air competition or promotion or discussion.
The kind of information you will provide will, normally, be limited to your personal identity and contact details or enough information that some people would be able to identify you, and ancillary information such as your personal preferences or opinions of (e.g., but not limited to, music/musician/artiste, film/actors, books/authors, hobbies, interests, occupation, News/Current Affairs/Sport and other events/issues).
Kfm would never, knowingly, reveal to third parties personal information, which you provide voluntarily to us. We may, however, reveal on air your social media profile/user name, your name, where you are from, your occupation or your current location that you voluntarily provide to us, but only where it is relevant.
The GDPR provides an exemption from full compliance with the GDPR for the processing of personal data when that processing is carried out for the purposes of exercising the right to freedom of expression and journalistic activities. This exemption ensures the free expression of information for the public benefit in a democratic society in a manner that is not inhibited by the requirements of data protection law. This exemption allows for the collecting and processing of personal information about individuals for news story purposes without the need to obtain the consent of the individual to whom that information relates.
Notwithstanding this exemption, Kfm will treat the personal data of our listeners with utmost respect and security.  We would never give access to, sell, or rent it to any third parties.
When submitting personal data to us via text, email or via our social media platforms for the purpose of entering a competition sponsored by a third party (e.g. our advertisers or sponsors) the legal basis for processing this personal data will be your consenting to this by the voluntary submission of your competition entry .
You have a right to request a copy of the information we might have stored about you.  You can also ask us to correct any erroneous information we might store about you!  You are entitled to request the erasure of any personal information we have about you. To do this, email
ceo@kfmradio.com
; we will respond within one month of receiving your request.
We do not collect any personal information from any child under sixteen years of age.
The other type of personal information that we collect is non-identifiable personal information when you visit our website. This website uses software to track visitors to our site.  This is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to provide website usage information (*See seperate Links To Other Sites at end of this doc.).  Such tracking will not store or save personal data!
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is saved to the user’s computer hard drive, which tracks and saves information about your usage of our website.  The purpose of this tracking is to provide users of the Kfm website with a more personalised experience when using our site.  Cookies cannot read data from your hard-drive or read cookie files from other sites; they do not damage your system.
You can reset your browser to refuse to accept cookies.
When you visit our website, the following information is retained about your visit:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server;
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net or any such other top-level domain tag)
the previous website address from which the visitor has come to the Kfm website, including any search terms used
Google analytics, which shows the traffic of visitors around the Kfm web site (e.g. pages accessed and documents downloaded)
the type of web browser and operating system used by the website visitor.
Kfm will make no attempt to identify individual visitors or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual.
It is Kfm’s policy that we, never, disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by Kfm; and only for statistical and other administrative purposes.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information so that
You can access our website
We can promote our radio station
We can administer our service
You can comment on our radio programming.
You can enter competitions and, then, we can process entrants and select winners
You can participate in our social media and website activities
You can receive any newsletters or special offers when you opt-in to receive such information or offers.
We can monitor and improve our website and Social Media
We may use non-personally identifiable aggregate information to help us improve our website and tailor it to the types of visitors we get, by assessing general usage patterns and demographic information.  We will only keep your information for the length of time that is necessary and only for the purpose for which you submit it to us.
What We Do With the Information We Collect
Any personal information you provide will be kept confidential and only used for the specific purposes for which it was collected. We will not disclose, or sell, your personal information to any third party, unless required by law or with your explicit consent.
We may share this information with third parties who need such personal information to provide services on behalf of Kfm. However, these third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of such personal information and are prohibited from using the personal information for any other purpose. For instance, by participating and entering competitions, submitting videos and participating in discussion on-line or via text, you will have consented to the sharing of your personal information with co-sponsors of any competition or with any sponsor or third party providing services on our behalf.
You can withdraw your consent to our use of personal information at any time. We will not keep your personal information longer than is reasonably required for the original purpose for which it was collected.
Links to Other Sites
Kfm is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.  Users of the Kfm Website and our Social Media platforms should be aware of this when linking from our site to other sites.  You should exercise care when logging on to such sites and familiarize yourself firstly with their Privacy Policy and how such sites harvest and use personal data.
This website may contain links to advertisements/services.  Kfm cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked site/s.  You click on any such link at your own risk and Kfm will not be held liable for any damages arising by clicking on any external link to any other site/s.
Clicking on such links to external sites can trigger programmes which might use cookies to track referrals from the Kfm website.  Such cookies may, as a result, be stored onto your computer.  These cookies do not store or save personal information.
Social Media
Users of Kfm’s Social Media are advised to do so with care regarding your personal data.  This website will never ask for personal details through social media platforms.  Kfm Social Media may use Share buttons.  Users are advised that you use these Share buttons at your own discretion and Kfm is not liable for any compromising of your personal data from such decisions by you to Share any data with others.
Users are, also, advised to use discretion in regard to any links, URLs, including shortened ones, which might give rise to your personal data being compromised.  Kfm accepts no liability for problems on users’ computers/phones/other devices arising from such usage of external links, URL’s.
Security
Kfm ensures that we implement appropriate technical and operational measures to protect your privacy and to keep your information secure.
Further information and appeal process
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the relevant legislation, contact Kfm Data Protection Officer Clem Ryan by emailing
ceo@kfmradio.com
If you wish make a complaint regarding Kfm’s use of your personal information, contact the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at Lo-call 1890 252 231
End
Kfm Kildare Weather
Thu
Sunny intervals
9°C
Fri
Light rain shower
8°C
Sat
Low-level cloud
9°C
Sun
Sunny intervals
9°C