Privacy Policy
We believe that you should always know what data we collect from you, how we collect it, how to use your data, and more. This is the purpose of our privacy policy.
1.Collect Information
The primary purpose of our collection of user information is to provide and enhance the service and enable users to enjoy the service.
When you install any service, we can collect and record the information you provide to us.
Personal information
“
Personal Information
”
means information that can be used to contact or identify you about you. The type of personal information collected under the Service may vary from event to event and may include:
your name;
The unique identifier (UDID) of your mobile device;
Non-personal information
“
Non-personal information
”
means information that cannot be used to identify or contact you when used alone. We may collect non-personal information about your use of the Services while you use the Software:
Your age or date of birth;
Your gender;
Information about the hardware you may have;
If non-personal information is collected for activities that require personal information, we may combine your non-personal information with your personal information to provide you with a better user experience.
2.How to use information
We use your information to satisfy your request. We can also use personal and non-personal information, either alone or in combination, to better understand customer behavior and preferences, resolve technical issues, provide static and dynamic advertising, and enforce their terms of service to ensure proper operation of their products. And services, as well as helping to improve the service and its content. In addition, we can combine non-personal information with personal information to tailor the product for you.
In the case of all data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, rented, sold or otherwise voluntarily distributed to non-affiliated third parties and will only be used to provide and improve services and this article. Any other purpose stated. We will retain your information as long as you are active or available to you as needed. Please note that in some cases, the law requires us to retain your information.
3.How to share your information
We will not share your personal data with third parties without your consent, unless we are forced to do so by law or by special circumstances (such as the detection or prevention of abuse or criminal activity). We may process your data outside of the country where you live. This can happen, for example, if the service provider of our analytics service is located outside of your country. In this case, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is legally processed and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
4.Your rights
You have the following data protection rights:
You may correct or update your personal information, object to the processing of your personal information, and ask us to limit the processing of your personal information or to require the portability of your personal information.
If we collect and process your personal information with your consent, you may revoke your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legality of any processing we do before you withdraw, nor will it affect your processing of your personal information on the grounds of legal processing rather than consent.
You have the right to complain to the data protection agency about the collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection agency.
To exercise your access or delete permissions, please submit a request via our email address. We will respond to all data protection requests we receive in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
5.How to store your information
We will retain your information as long as necessary to provide services to you, to maintain our legitimate business operations or exercise, to defend or establish our rights.
The time we retain your personal information depends on the reason we collect it and how we use it, but we do not retain your personal information for longer than our business purpose or legal requirements.
We will retain your personal information as long as you use our app. If you delete an app, we take reasonable steps to remove this personal information. However, you acknowledge that after you close our app, we may retain some information so that we can fulfill our legal obligations or exercise, defend or establish our rights.
6.Security
We value your personal information to you, so we are working hard to protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable manner. But keep in mind that methods or electronic storage methods that are not transmitted over the Internet are 100% safe and reliable, and I cannot guarantee their absolute security.
7.Privacy Changes
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, we recommend that you check this page regularly for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting a new privacy policy on this page. These changes take effect immediately after they are posted on this page.
8.
How to contact us
All questions, comments or inquiries should be directed to
KLmne48@2980.com
. We will try our best to reply to any questions within three working days.