Privacy Policy
FLUOMIND does NOT track any data, share data or collect data in our apps or with third-parties services
FLUOMIND doest NOT collect data or information while using augmented reality features such as face tracking.
In case of a user subscribes to our FLUOPASS offer, we ask for the name and email of this user to retrieve the subscription status while opening our apps. We use a Sign in with Apple secure login process. We DO NOT share these informations. These informations are only usefull for our apps subscription workflow.
INFORMATION FOR AUGMENTED REALITY FEATURE: FLUOMIND has some apps which provides augmented reality face-tracking. We would like our users to know that we absolutely DO NOT collect or share informations from this augmented reality face-tracking feature. The feature allow us to only display an augmented reality mask on the face of the user. NOTHING ELSE.
Terms of Service
1. Basic terms
1.1 The following terms and conditions ('Terms') regulate the use of the service 'FLUOMIND' (hereinafter – the 'Service') and shall be considered as legally binding contract between the Users and FLUOMIND (the 'Company'). By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by this Terms.
1.2 If the User does not agree to all the provisions of this Terms, the User aren’t permitted to use the Service.
1.3 To avoid any doubt, the following actions (included but not limited to) shall be treated as using of the Service:
creating an account of the User (the «Account»)
the presence of the Account on the Service
the use of the functionality of the Service (including undocumented)
accessing the Service (including - the site www.FLUOMIND.com)
the playback of the Service’s elements (including the mobile application)
copying of the Service's content\n etc.
1.4 The User hereby assumes full responsibility for compliance with this Terms and the legislation of the country of User's residence.
3. Prohibitions and restrictions
3.1 The use of the Service is prohibited in the cases listed below:
3.1.1 The User has not reached the age prescribed by the laws of the country of his residence to enter into this Terms. In any case, the User must be 17 years or older to use the Service.
3.1.2 There are special provisions in the legislation of the User’s country of residence, which restrict of prohibit the services, provided by the Service.
3.1.3 There are special provisions in the legislation of the User’s country of residence, which restrict of prohibit the access to the Content, placed in the Service.
3.2 The User is allowed to use the Service only for personal, non-commercial purposes.
3.3 The User may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
3.4 The User is not allowed to use the Service to collect any data about any other users of the Service.
3.5 Any impact on the Service, as well as directly connected to the Service elements - servers, applications, etс. is strictly prohibited. Prohibited actions include but not limited to, the following: installing plugins, processing of any particular element of the Service, or accessing the Account or the Service using software developed by third parties, including - viruses, spyware, or any other computer code.
3.6 The User must not use the Service to create or submit unwanted information to any other users of the Service ('spam').
5. The Content
5.1 For the purposes of this Terms, any materials a User submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the Service is referred to as 'Content', including but not limited to the following: photo, video, audio, text, links, information, as well as any other content available to the Users.
5.2 The User is solely responsible for all Content he/she submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the Service.
5.3 The Users understands that through the Service he may get access to the content that is not allowed by the legislation of his/hers country of residence or the Content, the distribution of which is restricted by legislation of the country of residence. In this case, the User agrees to immediately cease access to such Content and notify the Company of the need to restrict the User's access to this Content.
5.4 The Content available through the Service has not been reviewed, verified or authenticated by the Company, and the Company makes no representations, warranties, or guarantees in connection with any Content on the Service and shall not be liable for any damages arising in connection with the Content.
5.5 User agrees not to post any Content, the distribution of which is prohibited by law of the country of User’s residence and legislation of the state of Delaware. Regardless of the above, it is forbidden to post Content containing any information that may be deemed to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable or containing any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets.
5.6 You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, and the content that:
5.6.1 Violates the personal rights of citizens, including, but not limited to the offensive content, content that violates the right to privacy and confidentiality of correspondence, libelous content, content, placement of which may cause moral harm, the content infringing any Intellectual Property Rights regardless of the form, including photos and videos;
5.6.2 Content, violating the property rights of third parties, including, but not limited to the content that does not belong to the User, the Content in respect of which there are any restrictions by laws/right holders.
5.7 The Company may, but has no obligation to, remove/modify the Content in its sole discretion and this shall not be considered as the violation of any rights of Users.
5.8 By posting the Content the User agrees to publication and distribution of the Content.
5.9 The Company makes no guarantees regarding the storage of user Content, any Content may be removed, deleted or lost beyond recovery.
5.10 The User hereby represents and warrants that: (i) the Content is User’s (the User owns it) or he/she has the right to use it and grant the Company the rights and license as provided in these Terms, (ii) the posting of the Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person. (iii) the User has written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Service.
6. Intellectual property
6.1 By displaying or posting any Content on or through the Service, the User hereby grants to the Company (as well as its successors and / or other future owners) a non-exclusive, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, limited license to use, modify, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display such Content and to use it all ways that are necessary to use the Content in the Service. This license in worldwide and shall be effective since the moment of posting of the Content to the Service for the full term of the User's account existence and twelve months after the removal of the Account.
6.2 The Company has no control over the User’s compliance with the copyright or intellectual property rights and is not responsible for their violation by the User. The Company may provide available information about users who violate the rights of the third parties upon request in cases prescribed by law.
6.3 The Company is not responsible for the Content posted by the Users of the Service.
6.4 If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content infringes upon your copyrights, you shall notify the Company.
7. Disclaimer and limitation of liability
7.1 The Company is not responsible for the Content posted by the Users of the Service.
7.2 Use of the service is at User’s own risk. The Company shall not be liable for any direct/indirect damages, arising from the use of the Service.
7.3 The Company’s total liability to the User from all actions connected with the Service including direct/indirect losses will be limited to $50.
7.4 The Company makes no warranties or representations, either express or implied, regarding the Service and the Content.
7.5 The Company shall not be liable for the disclosure of personal data by the User.
7.6 Service is a complex product and is provided on an 'as is' basis. The User assumes all risks arising from use of the Service, including but not limited to the loss of Content, the loss of the Account, complete or partial inability to use the Service.
7.7 The Company shall not be liable and shall not indemnify the losses arisen or may arise in connection with delays, outages, inability to make full use of the Service, the discontinuation of the Service, the loss of Content, and the loss of the Account.
7.8 In the case of a dispute or claim, such claim should be sent to the Company no later than six (6) months from the date of its occurrence. If it is not settled out in pre-trial way, it shall be transferred to the court no later than 12 months since its inception. Otherwise, the parties recognize that the User waives the right to file n action associated with the claim and refuses a claim.
8. Alteration of the Terms
and applicable laws
8.1 The Company reserves the right to alter these Terms at any time by placing the text of new Terms in open access.
8.2 The User undertakes from time to time, but at least once a month to check out the content of the Terms. If the User does not agree with the updated Terms, the User shall immediately stop using the Service and delete the Account. If the user has not removed the account, it is considered that the amended terms have been fully adopted by the User.
8.3 These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of Delaware.
Jurisdiction
The company FLUOMIND is represented by founder Sebastien Bauwens.
FLUOMIND is a registered trademark in Europe.
Any reproduction or use of the FLUOMIND brand without authorization from its founder will be the subject of legal action.