GDPR Privacy Policy of EasyGo
EasyGo is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. When you sign up and use EasyGo(via our website or Google Play Store), you accept the terms described within this agreement. We will not share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy policy.
This Privacy and Cookies Policy is intended to meet our obligations under the ‘General Data Protection Regulation’ or GDPR, a legal framework that sets guidelines for the protection and processing of personal information of individuals within the European Union. We have adopted GDPR as the data privacy standard for all our operating companies throughout the world.
Any modifications or changes to the Privacy Policy will be made on this page and you will receive notification through all our channels of service.
Who We Are and How to Contact Us
EasyGo is a modern financial platform that serves as a financial companion to its users. EasyGo is a product of Optisoft Technology Company a leading software and mobile Application development company.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
info@easygo.com.ng and (+234) 708 895 7111
Your Rights Relating to Your data
You have the rights under this Privacy and Cookie Policy too:
Request access to your data:
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you:
This enables you to have any incorrect or incomplete information about you corrected.
Request erasure of your data:
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it or you object to us processing it
Object to processing of your Personal Data:
This right exists where we are relying on legitimate interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your situation, which makes you want to object to the processing of your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data:
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Data about you, for example, if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data:
We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent:
This right only exists where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data (“Consent Withdrawal”). If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific functionalities of our Site. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
How to exercise your rights
If you wish to exercise any of the rights above, please contact us using the details in Who we are and How to contact us.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your data (or to exercise any right), however, we may charge a reasonable fee for consent withdrawal if your request is unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. In the event of these circumstances, we may refuse to comply with your request.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information concerning your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
If you would like to submit a complaint regarding this Privacy Policy or our practices concerning your Personal Data, please contact us at help@easygo.com.ng and (+234) 708 895 7111 We endeavor to reply to your complaint as soon as possible
What personal data we collect
Customer information
To use EasyGo Services, you must provide customer information via our registration.
This information includes, but is not limited to: Full name, e-mail address and phone number, address, male or female, date of birth, ID card and photograph (where applicable). Additional information may be requested depending on the user level to participate in social media functions on our site, promotions, or survey,s and when you contact us to report a problem on our site
If you communicate with our Customer Services team via e-mail, telephone your conversations may be recorded and stored for training and record-keeping purposes. We use this information to measure and improve our Service quality.
Device information
The following information may be collected from you automatically when you use the EasyGo app, but it is not limited to:
Details of your handset/device, unique device identifiers (IMEI or serial number), information about the SIM card, mobile network, operating system, and browser settings. We use this information to protect our customers from service-related crime, enhance the services we offer, and, help us understand how people use the Service.
Location information
Certain EasyGo features may require location information from your device’s GPS. With your consent this information will be collected for these services. You will be required to grant consent. Turning off location services may render some services unavailable.
Analytics
We may use in-app analytics technologies, like Google Analytics, to help improve and simplify the overall app, design, and service. These tools track aggregated information about app usage, provide performance measurements and allow better reporting on application failures.
We record when you install or uninstall EasyGo App to help us track who is using the Service.
Tracking and Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s The browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
EasyGo uses cookies to help EasyGo identify and track visitors, their usage of the EasyGo website, and their website access preferences. EasyGo visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the websites or decline the option of using cookies when they visit for the first time. Our services may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
We may share your data with third parties as described in the table below. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you.
Recipients Why we share it Our Affiliates Our affiliates may access your Data to help us develop, maintain and provide our Services and help manage our customer relationships (including providing customer support, customer liaison, fund advisory services, etc). Service Providers, Our service providers provide us support for our Services, including, for example, website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, identity verification, background and compliance reviews, fund administration, banking services, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use Personal Data about you. Professional Advisers Our lawyers, accountants, bankers, auditors, and insurers may need to review your personal data to provide consultancy, compliance, banking, legal, insurance, accounting, and similar services. Legal and Taxing Authorities, Regulators, and Participants in Judicial Proceedings EasyGo may disclose your Data if we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, order, subpoena, rule of a self-regulatory organization or auditor to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security, or technical issues, or to protect our legal rights, interests, and the interests of others, such as, for example, in connection with the acquisition, merger, to enable them to interact with you and more effectively offer opportunities through the Site that are targeted towards your background and preferences. We may also allow third parties, including ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the Site, and such third parties may be provided with access to your Data to provide advertising tailored to your interests. Researchers To enhance the public understanding of patterns and trends in the markets served by or Services, we may provide Personal Data to third parties under confidentiality obligations such as, for example, academics or contractors for research purposes. API Users A limited number of partners have API access to portions of the Site. Examples of the most common API uses are OAuth and AML/accreditation verification of potential investors.
How we use your data and why
Payment information
To process payments on EasyGo, we need to share some of your personal information with the person or company with whom you are transacting. This information may include:
Contact information (mobile number, e-mail address, personal photo) Payment information (card details, banking information) We will not expose your credit/debit card number or bank account number to anyone you have paid or who has paid you through EasyGo, except with your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with a subpoena or other legal action.
Identity information
We collect and store personal information about you to comply with the relevant financial regulations. Apart from the circumstance of complying with a Court Order, Arbitral Panel, Tribunal, Regulatory Directive or Order or any other legal or regulatory obligation, we do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to other parties, but we may provide them with anonymous aggregate information, such as the number of people of a certain age or sex who have performed certain transactions of a certain amount within a particular timeframe, for example.
Where we use a 3rd party service, with your consent, we may share your information to offer the service or improve the experience of that service. When you use such a service for the first time, you will need to review and agree to their terms and conditions and privacy policy. In respect of the GDPR
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your Personal Data, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a legal basis for that use. The legal basis depends on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your Personal Data only where:
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features, and protect the safety and security of the Services; It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests; or We need to process your data to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We may also rely on your consent as a legal basis for using your Personal Data where we have expressly sought it for a specific purpose. If we do rely on your consent to use your Personal Data, you have the right to change your mind at any time (but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place).
What happens when you do not provide necessary personal data?
Where we need to process your Personal Data either to comply with the law or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of the Services). In this case, we may have to stop providing you with our Services.
How Information may be disclosed
Your information may be shared in the following cases:
to fulfill a request from the regulator or government entity with sufficient authority
to fulfill other legal obligations such as a request from a court
for regulatory reporting purposes
Business transfer
In the unlikely event that EasyGo goes into administration or is acquired, a business transfer may occur. You consent to the successor company having access to the information maintained by EasyGo, including customer Account Information, and such successor company would continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy unless and until it is amended.
Where your personal information is stored
EasyGo is entirely committed to protecting the information we collect from you. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards (i.e. firewalls, data encryption, competent security guards, etc). These processes are in place to prevent accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use of your information.
EasyGo is required to retain the details of transactions or payments you make via the EasyGo app after the transaction is completed. We will store these transactions for the required period under the financial regulations of your jurisdiction.
How long we store your Personal Data
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, or it is reasonably needed for the purposes set out in How We Use Your Personal Data and Why unless you request that we remove your Personal Data as described in Your Rights Relating to Personal Data. We will only retain your Personal Data for so long as we reasonably need to use it for these purposes unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes). This may include keeping your Personal Data after you have deactivated your account for the period needed for us to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy & Cookies Policy applies only to the services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by EasyGo. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from Services to another website, our Privacy and Cookies Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our site, is subject to the website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their cookies or other methods to collect information about you.
Your responsibilities
You are responsible for the protection of your password or PIN in its entirety as communicated in our Terms and Conditions. You must not share your EasyGo password or PIN with anyone.
We will never request your PIN or password via email or SMS or any other means. In the event you receive such communication, please disregard and contact us at info@easygo.com.ng and 07088957111.
In the event you share your password with a third party, you will be held responsible for the consequences. If you believe your password or PIN has been compromised, please change it immediately and contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
EasyGo may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at EasyGo’s sole discretion. We will notify you when changes have been made. By continuing to use the mobile application or website after the change, you agree to accept the new policy.
Contact Us
EasyGo ensures that our day-to-day processes comply with this Privacy Policy.
To contact us please send an email to info@easygo.com.ng and 07088957111.
Formation
refers to any confidential and/or personally identifiable or other information related to users of EasyGo services.
This Privacy and Cookies Policy is intended to meet our obligations under the ‘General Data Protection Regulation’ or GDPR, a legal framework that sets guidelines for the protection and processing of personal information of individuals within the European Union. We have adopted GDPR as the data privacy standard for all our operating companies throughout the world.
Any modifications or changes to the Privacy Policy will be made on this page and you will receive notification through all our channels of service.
Category of Personal Data collected
What this means
Identity Data
First name, surname, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender, selfie picture, identification document number, copies of ID documents, or other forms of identification.
Contact Data
Your home address, work address, billing address, email address, and telephone numbers.
Online Presence Data
Links to your public account pages at social media websites, links to personal websites, and other online materials related to you.
Financial Data
Your bank account and payment card details, statements about your wealth, and financial situation.
Transaction Data
Any details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions and services you have purchased from us. Data in respect of your transactions with third parties (including your credit history).
Content Data
Any content you post to the Services not already included in another category, including without limitation, your profiles, questions, preference settings, answers, messages, comments, and other contributions on the Services, and metadata about them (such as when you posted them) (“Content”).
Behavioral Data
Inferred or assumed information relating to your behavior and interests, based on your online activity. This is most often collated and grouped into “segments.”
Technical Data
Security credentials (username and PIN/password) Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type, and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this application or website or use our services.
This personal data will be used to assist us in delivering the service that you signed up for; allow us to understand how services are being used by you; protect you and your account; improve our services and communicate new services and offers to you.