Ilm+ (hereinafter ‘Application’) is a smart device application through which the Environment Agency (hereinafter ‘Service Provider’) publishes weather information, weather forecasts, and warnings, and collects and processes weather data.
The privacy policy and the terms of use of the Application (hereinafter ‘Terms of Use’) apply to a person who has downloaded the Application software to a smart device (hereinafter ‘User’). By downloading the Application software, the User confirms that they have read and agreed to the Terms of Use. The Service Provider has the right to unilaterally change the Application and its Terms of Use at any time.
1. REQUIREMENTS FOR USING THE APPLICATION
1.1. A prerequisite for using the Application is having Internet via mobile data connection or Wi-Fi.
1.2. A prerequisite for using the Application is having the iOS (version 13 and later) or Android (version 8 and later) operating system on the smart device.
1.3. In order to use the location-based functionality of the Application, it is not necessary to enable positioning on the smart device but it is an option.
1.4. The Application can be used both as an unauthenticated user and by authenticating the User with a third-party account (Facebook, Google). By connecting the Application to a third-party account, the User grants the Service Provider access to and right of use of their data within the limits of the terms of use of the third party. The User is responsible for the privacy settings of the information shared with third parties on third-party accounts.
1.5. The User must be at least 13 years old, because in accordance with subsection 8 (2) of the Personal Data Protection Act, the processing of personal data is permitted only in the case and to the extent that the child’s legal representative has given consent.
1.6. The User has to download software updates because the updates include new functionalities or changes to existing ones, possible bug fixes, security updates, and so on.
2. USER OBSERVATIONS
2.1. The purpose of the functionality of entering user observations into the Application is to collect information from Users about Estonian weather phenomena.
2.2. Users can enter observations into the Application which contain information about the locations and content of the observations (wind damage, floods, water temperature, fog, tornadoes, ice, precipitation, including thunder, snow thickness, etc.) (hereinafter ‘Observations’), including photos/videos/comments (hereinafter ‘additional material’)).
2.3. The User has the right to enter in the Application only additional material related to the content of the Observations specified in clause 2.2.
2.4. The User is prohibited from entering additional material into the Application which may violate the privacy of third parties.
2.5. The Service Provider may use the Observations entered by the Users in the Application to perform the tasks provided for in the statutes of the Environment Agency, including in the operational work of the meteorological service. The Service Provider has the right to forward the Observations of the Users to other state agencies to specify short-term forecasts and weather warnings.
2.6. The Observations and additional material entered in the Application by the Users will be displayed in the Application for up to 37 calendar days.
2.7. Observations and additional material are stored in the databases of the Service Provider for a minimum of 6 months.
2.8. An authenticated User can delete the Observations and additional material they have entered if necessary, in which case the Observations and additional material of the User will not be displayed to third parties, but will remain in the database of the Service Provider for at least 6 months.
2.9. An authenticated User can delete their account at any time, in which case the Observations and additional material entered by them will not be deleted automatically. When authenticated User deletes the account, the personal data of the User is deleted automatically and metadata of Observations and additional material entered by the authenticated User will not contain data about the User anymore.
2.10. By entering additional material into the Application, the User confirms that they have all the intellectual property rights of the additional material they have entered. The User is responsible for the existence of intellectual property rights in the additional material and for compliance with legislation and good practice.
2.11. By entering additional material into the Application, the User grants the Service Provider an irrevocable and non-exclusive license valid for the entire term of the copyright to host, use, distribute, modify, operate, copy, publicly display, translate, and create derivative works from the content.
2.12. The User is forbidden from entering additional material in the Application without the permission of the author.
2.13. The User confirms that they use the observations and additional material displayed in the Application in accordance with all applicable legislation, in good faith, and by refraining from any action that is detrimental to the Service Provider or third parties.
2.14. The User is prohibited from reselling or otherwise transferring the Observations and additional material entered by other Users displayed in the Application.
2.15. The Observations and additional material displayed in the Application may be reproduced, distributed, translated, processed, adapted, shown to the public, transmitted, or made available within the limits of free use provided for in the Copyright Act, in which case the User is obliged to refer to the Application.
3. PERSONAL DATA OF USERS
3.1. By agreeing to the Terms of Use, the User grants the Service Provider the right to process the personal data of the User. Personal data is processed only to the extent necessary for the operation of the Application.
3.2. The processing of the personal data of the User is carried out in accordance with the data protection principles of the Environment Agency, which can be found at https://www.keskkonnaagentuur.ee/asutus-uudised-ja-kontakt/isikuandmete-tootlemine, and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
3.3 An authenticated User can delete their account in the user settings view, with this activity personal data they provided when creating the account will be deleted.
4. RIGHTS OF THE SERVICE PROVIDER
4.1. When entering Observations and additional material, the User grants the Service Provider the right to use the Observations and additional material in accordance with the provisions of clauses 2.5 and 2.11. In this case, the personal data of the User will not be transferred to third parties.
4.2. The Service Provider has the right not to display inappropriate Observations and additional material in the Application.
5. LIABILITY
5.1. The Service Provider is not responsible for any errors, missing parts, or other issues in the content of the Application.
5.2. The Service Provider does not guarantee the availability of the Application or its uninterrupted and trouble-free operation.
5.3. The Service Provider is not liable for any costs, losses, or other possible damage (including loss of income) resulting from the use of the Application or the information provided in it, unless otherwise provided by mandatory legislation.
5.4. The Service Provider is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and validity of the Observations and descriptions entered by the Users and displayed in the Application. In addition, the Service Provider is not responsible for the legal compliance of the additional material displayed in the Application.
Give feedback to the weather app or contact us if you need help deleting your data: klienditugi@envir.ee
Last updated: 06.11.2023