Vooglam Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 20, 2023
Introduction and Overview
At Vooglam, helping you see clearly is what we pursue. And that includes full transparency around the information we collect when accessing this website or using other services. To make sure everything is crystal clear, Vooglam (“Company”, “us”, “we”, “Vooglam”, or “our”), is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and visitors. We believe that you have right to know what information we collect from you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected or received through other means, use and sharing of anonymous or deidentified data, or information collected by third party websites (“Third Party Services”), such as Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, and Google+, that We do not own or control, even if you access them through Our Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access so that you know how they will collect, use, and share your information.
Please read our Terms and Conditions and this Policy before accessing or using our Services. If you cannot agree with this Policy or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access or use our Services. By using our Services, you accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy on Vooglam you are using.
Right to modify this Policy: We may change this Policy from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data, and if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date or last modified data at the top of this Policy. If we make significant changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide advanced notice and make that clear on the Vooglam website or other Vooglam services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use the Services. Your continued access or use of our Services after receiving the notice of changes, constitutes your acknowledgement that you accept the updated Policy.
CONTENTS
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand the following:
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
2. How We Share, Transfer, and Disclose Your Personal Information
3. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
4. Security Precautions
5. Your Rights
6. Retention
7. Third-Party Websites
8. Children
9. Social Media Accounts
10. Storage and Transfer of Your Personal Data
11. California Privacy Rights
12. Legal Basis For The Processing of Personal Data from EEA Residents
13. Contact Us
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
We respect the privacy of the visitors to our digital properties and the users of our products and Services, and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy. We collect personal information when you use our Services.
Personal information is any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. The definition of personal information depends on where you are a resident. Only the definition that applies to your country of residence will apply to you under this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information does not include data that has been effectively irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us or others, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
We collect personal information when you use our Services, create an accountwith us or submit personal information to us. Personal information is any information that relates to you, identifies you personally or could be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, phone number, address and payment account number. The types of personal information that we may collect about you include, but are not limited to:
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us
When you register on Vooglam, we will collect your information( such as nickname, avatar, gender, date of birth, phone number, nationality, email, and password) to create an account. If you agree and allow us to authorize your account information (avatar, nickname, and information prompted on other pages) to a third party so that you can easily register or log in to a third-party account, we will share your authorized account information to the third party. And, we may acquire your third-party account information from the third party with your authorization, and bind the third-party account to your Vooglam account so that you can log in and use our products and/or services directly through the third-party account. We will use your relevant information under your authentication or consent. The above information you provide will continue to be authorized for our usage during your use of our services. When you cancel your account on your own, we will make it anonymous and delete your personal information as soon as possible under the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.
In addition, if you purchase any products through Vooglam, you will be asked to provide your payment account or credit card information, your eye glass prescription data and certain measurements regarding your eyes, vision, vision health, and needs for eyeglasses.
Information You Post on Vooglam
If you post information in a public area of the website (such as in a product review that includes a photo of a person's portrait), Vooglam, other users of Vooglam may collect and use that information.
Information Automatically Collected Through Vooglam
When you start to use services provided by Vooglam, we will collect data about the services you use, how you use them, and correlate these information to ensure your normal use of our services, to maintain and optimize our service experience, and to keep your account safe. The above-mentioned information includes：
(1) Device information. we will receive and record information about the device you use based on the specific permissions you grant in software installation and use. Such as device model, operation system version, setting parameters, device configuration, device identification, device network information,Mobile device identification code (OAID, AndroidID), get application installation list, GET_TASK to retrieve applications, device environment, and other software and hardware characteristics information.
(2) Service log information. when you use products or services provided by our website or client, we will automatically collect your detailed usage of our services and save them as relevant service logs. Such as your browsing, click-to-view content and search query content, following and sharing information, post information as well as IP address, browser type, operator information, language used, access date and time.
Please note that separate device information or log information cannot identify a specific natural person. If we use these kinds of information in combination with other information to identify a specific natural person or use it with personal information, then these information will be considered as personal information during the combined use with other information, and besides obtaining your authorization or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information.
In-App AR try-on feature
When you open a front camera to use our AR try-on feature, no photographic information will be saved by us or shared with third party. And the background system is purged every 60 minutes for good measure.
TrueDepth API
When you use a depth camera-enabled device (e.g. iPhone X phones, some Android phones) and you agree to turn on the camera, you can get an AR (augmented reality) experience in our products, such as by using the TrueDepth API to track you The head and face information are obtained, and virtual glasses are tried on to achieve a unique user experience.
During your use of our AR experience
We cannot obtain your personal information (such as your Face ID) through the depth camera that comes with your device. The numbers we get through the TrueDepth API don't identify anyone.
All data obtained by us through the depth camera function of your device (such as through the TrueDepth API) will be deleted immediately, without any storage (such as any cache, cloud storage, etc. data records), nor will it be provided or shared with any third party tripartite.
You can stop this app from using the camera in your device at any time through the switch in the settings.
1.1 How We Use Your Information
We only ever use your personal data within the limits authorized by laws and regulations, to deliver and enhance our services and your customer experience. Sometimes, we use your personal data because the laws and regulations require us to do so. We do not make any automated decisions, solely based on the automatic processing of your data, which could affect you.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Fulfill your order(s) for prescription or non-prescription eyeglasses.
Facilitate delivery of your purchases.
Update you on the progress of your order(s).
Send re-stock reminders.
Process automatic re-orders.
Handle returns.
Service your account.
To contact you in case of a product recall.
We anonymize your IT data and use it to:
Improve your experience on our website.
Provide the best possible customer service experience.
Help us to identify and report on bugs and issues.
Assess the impact of changes we make on customer behavior.
Analyze and improve the performance of the website.
The payments and refunds are processed through a third-party payment processor.
2. How We Share, Transfer, and Disclose Your Personal Information
As we know the corresponding legal responsibilities for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information to the outside world, we will only carry these operations to the extent agreed within this Privacy Policy.
2.1 Share
We will not share your personal information with companies, organizations, and individuals other than Vooglam service providers, unless:
Sharing with explicit consent. After obtaining your clear consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
Sharing under legal situations. We may share your personal information externally under the laws and regulations, the need for litigation and dispute resolution, or the requirements by administrative and judicial authorities under the law.
Sharing within Vooglam. To facilitate Vooglam to provide services to you, recommend information that may be of interest to you, identify abnormal account numbers or protect the personal and property safety of Vooglam or other users or the public from the infringement, your personal information may be shared within the company. We will only share the necessary personal information (such as we will share the necessary account information within the company to make it easier for you to login your Vooglam account and enjoy the products or services of Vooglam ), and will be subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If we share your personal sensitive information or the affiliates change the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will once again seek your authorization.
Sharing with authorized partners. After you agree to this Privacy Policy, we may entrust authorized partners to provide you with certain services or perform functions on our behalf to better serve you. We will only share your information for the legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this privacy policy. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties and shall not use this information for any other purposes.
At present, our authorized partners include the following types:
(1) Authorized partners in advertising and analysis services. Unless we have your permission, we will not share your personally identifiable information with partners who provide advertising and analysis services. We will entrust the partners to process information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness, but we will not provide your personally identifiable information, or we will de-identify the information so that it does not identify you personally. Such partners may combine the above-mentioned data with other data that they legally obtained to perform advertising services or decision recommendations that we commission.
(2) Suppliers, service providers, and other partners. We send information (your private information will not be included) to suppliers, service providers, and other partners who support our business. The support from them includes the provision of technology infrastructure services, analysis of how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of advertising and services, providing customer service and payment convenience, or conducting academic research and surveys.
We will conduct strict security check on application program interfaces(APIs) and software tool development kits (SDKs) the authorized partners obtained relevant information from and agree on strict data protection measures with these parties to ensure that they comply with our entrusted purposes, service description, this Privacy Policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures to process personal data.
2.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, unless:
With your clear consent, we will share your personal information with other parties;
In situations involving mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcy liquidation, or other situations related to mergers, acquisitions, or bankruptcy liquidation, we will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy if personal information transfer is involved. Otherwise, we will require the company, organization, and individual to seek your authorization again.
2.3 Disclose
We will only disclose your personal information publicly in the following cases:
With your explicit consent or based on your own choices, we may disclose your personal information publicly;
If we confirm that you have violated laws and regulations or severely violated the rules of Vooglam related agreements, to protect the personal and property of users of Vooglam and its affiliates or the public from the infringement, we may disclose your personal information including related violations and the measures the platform has taken against you, under the laws and regulations or Vooglam related agreement rules.
2.4 Exceptions of no need for obtaining prior consent when sharing, transferring or publicly disclosing personal information
Sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior consent in the following situations:
Related to national security and national defense security;
Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial, judgment enforcement, etc.;
To protect the life and property of the subject of personal data or other individuals, and it is difficult to obtain your consent;
Personal information that you disclose to the public;
The personal information collected from channels that are legally disclosed to the public, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure.
According to the law, if we take technical measures and other necessary measures to process personal information so that the data receiver cannot re-identify a specific individual and the data cannot be restored, the sharing, transfer and public disclosure of such processed data shall not need to notify you further and get your consent.
3. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Site using “cookies” and other similar technologies, such as web beacons, to automatically collect information about you when you use the Site and to personalize your experience with our Services. The Company and third -party businesses may use the information collected through the Site using cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to help manage online advertising programs.
This information may enable us, as well as third-party advertising services and other third-party businesses to track the actions of users online over time and across different web sites or platforms to measure statistics relating to marketing efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that will improve the consumer experience.
3.1 Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer’s Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time. Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Site may include, without limitation: the pages you visit within the Site; the date and time of your visit to the Site; the amount of time you spend using the Site; the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/or your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform. Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience.
We may place cookies from third-party service providers who may use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from us. We do not control the types of information collected and stored by these third-party cookies. You should check the third-party's website for more information on how they use cookies. We use the following types of cookies on our Services:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they cannot be disabled.
Functional Cookies. We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less functionality during your use of our Services.
Performance or Analytic Cookies. We may work with third-party analytics services to help us understand how the Site is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Site. We may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to collect information about your use of the Site. Google and these analytics services may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Site, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Site.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies. These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites. You may disable the use of these cookies as set forth below.
3.2 Analytics
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Site. Presently, we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google LLC (“Google”) that tracks and reports Site traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics, available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
3.3 Behavioral Remarketing
We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Site or services. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. We use Google Ads for these purposes. Google Ads remarketing service is provided by Google. You can opt-out of this by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
3.4 Other Tracking Technologies
To see how successfully our marketing campaigns or other Site goals are performing we sometimes use conversion pixels, which fire a short line of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button or reached a particular page. We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Site. The use of a pixel allows Vooglam to record that a particular device, browser, or application has visited a particular webpage.
Pages of our Site may also use Java scripts, which are code snippets embedded in various parts of websites and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality or monitoring usage of various online components; entity tags, which are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to accelerate website performance; and HTML5 local storage, which allows data from websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website is revisited.
3.5 Do Not Track
Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, since uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, we do not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Site in response to any “do not track” requests that we receive from your browser.
4. Security Precautions
We work hard to protect the user's personal information to prevent it from illegal using, unauthorized accessing, disclosing, leaking, damaging and losing.
We will use a variety of security measures to ensure the safety of information within a reasonable level of information protection. For example, we will use encrypted technologies(such as SSL), anonymous processing, encrypted storage, etc, to protect your personal information; build a reliable protection mechanism to protect your personal information from malicious attacks; establish a access control mechanism and follow the principle of least privilege to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to the information; develop training courses about security and personal information protection to strengthen staff's understanding of personal information protection.
The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use a secure method and use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We also strongly advise that you neither share your password with others nor re-use passwords on our Services that you use on other sites or apps, as doing so increases the likelihood of your being the victim of a credential stuffing attack or other malicious cyber behavior. If you find that your personal information, especially your account and password has been leaked, please contact our customer service as soon as possible so that we can take appropriate measures according to your application.
5. Your Rights
As described below, we provide you with the ability to access, correct and delete your personal information.
Mail
mailing address
phone number
Nick name
Birthday
avatar
The information you can view and edit may change as Our Services change.
You can also request deletion of your personal information/account within our Apps by clicking on “Delete Account” in your App account settings and following the instructions to complete your request. Once your personal information/account is deleted, you will no longer be able to access your account.
If you do not find the option to delete personal information/account in the settings of the APP, you can also contact our customer service staff for assistance:
Email:support@vooglam.com
Phone: +1 (302) 309-7808
We may retain certain of your personal information, like order history and prescriptions in our systems for certain legal, security, and business records.
6. Retention
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.If you send us correspondence, including emails, we retain such information electronically in the records of your account. We will also electronically retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from us to you. We retain these records to measure and improve our customer service and to investigate potential fraud and violations. We may, over time, delete these records as permitted by law.
We will also retain Services usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Site, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
7. Third-Party Websites
our Apps or Site may contain links to third-party sites. This Policy does not apply to those third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
8. Children
The Site is not intended for children under age 16. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information that we collect directly from children under the age of 16. We may collect prescription information for children under the age of 16, and other information as necessary to effect payment for, and delivery of a Vooglam product, if a parent or guardian of a child places an order for a child’s glasses through our Services. We will use this prescription information and the related payment and delivery information collected in the course of fulfilling that order only for fulfilling the applicable order, and only within the limits permitted by applicable law. We will treat this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, However, some of the terms in this Privacy Policy may not be affected by this.
9. Social Media Accounts
We operate accounts and fan pages on different social media platforms (the "Social Media Accounts" ).
If you visit one of our Social Media Accounts you initiate a variety of data processing operations. Below we identify the other types of entities with whom you may interact when you visit one of our Social Media Accounts. If you do not provide us with your personal data, certain functionalities of the social networking platforms requiring such data will not be available to you or only to a limited extent.
As the owner of a Social Media Account, we can usually only see information stored in your public profile on such social media platform, and only insofar as you are logged in to your profile while visiting our Social Media Account. In addition, we may process data that you provide to us when you contact us through one of our Social Media Accounts (for example: if you create a post, or send us a private message via Facebook). If you visit one of our Social Media Accounts, the operator of the respective social network also processes your data, regardless of whether you yourself have a profile in the respective social network. The individual data processing operations and their scope differ depending on the operator.
In addition, the respective operator of the social network provides us with anonymous usage statistics, which we use to improve the user experience. We do not have access to the usage data that the operator of the social network collects to create these statistics. These data processing operations serve our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our profile in line with the target group.
For details about the collection and storage of your data as well as the type, scope and purpose of their use by the operator of the social network, please refer to the privacy policy of the respective operator:
The privacy policy for the social network Facebook can be viewed at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy .
The privacy policy for the social network Instagram can be accessed at https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 .
The privacy policy for the social network Twitter can be found at https://twitter.com/en/privacy .
The privacy policy for the social network YouTube can be viewed at https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/pdf/20190122/
f3294e95/google_privacy_policy_en_eu.pdf .
The privacy policy for the social network Pinterest can be viewed at https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy .
The privacy policy for the social network Snapchat may be accessed at https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy .
The privacy policy for the social network TikTok may be accessed at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en&appLaunch=app#privacy-eea .
You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect and free of charge.
10. Storage and Transfer of Your Personal Data
This Privacy Policy only applies to residents of the United States.Please note as well that when you use our Services, your personal data may be accessed or transferred outside of the United States. Such countries may have data protection laws that are different in some respects than the laws of the U.S. For these transfers, we rely on appropriate safeguards as permitted under applicable law and standards. If you do not want your information transferred to, processed, accessed, or maintained outside of the United States, you should immediately stop accessing or using the Services.
11. California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review these additional privacy disclosures, which provide a summary of how We collect, use, disclose, and sell personal information about you and explain your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Categories of Personal Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose for Business Purposes.
We may collect the following categories of personal information, as described in greater detail in What Information Vooglam Collects:
Identifiers, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or IP address
Commercial information, such as records of purchases and payment information
Health information, such as prescriptions and eye exam notes
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as log data, and information about the devices and computers you use to access Our Services
Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as photos
Other information you provide, such as demographic information, responses to surveys or messages to customer service
Inferences drawn from any of the above, including about the content or ads that may be of interest to you
Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you
Internet or other electronic information regarding you browsing history, search history, the webpage visited before you came to our Site, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information
Your geolocation, to the extent you have configured your device to permit us to collect such information
audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law
Categories of Sources Used to Collect Personal Information.
As a result of your use of the Services, We collect this information from you (such as when you register for an account or purchase products), from third parties, or automatically (such as from your devices).
The Right to Know.
You may request that We disclose to you the categories of personal information We have collected, used, disclosed, or “sold” within the meaning of the CCPA, including:
Specific pieces of information that We have collected about you
Categories of personal information We have collected about you
Categories of sources from which the personal information is collected
Categories of personal information about you that We have sold or disclosed for a business purpose
Categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information (collectively, the “Right to Know”)
The Right to Delete. You have the right to request that We delete personal information about you that We have collected from you (the “Right to Delete”).
Exercising Your Rights.
To exercise your Right to Know or Right to Delete:
Email:support@vooglam.com
Phone: +1 (302) 309-7808
Right to Opt Out.
You have the right to direct Us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “Right to Opt Out”). To exercise your right to opt out:
Email:support@vooglam.com
Phone: +1 (302) 309-7808
Verification.
In order to exercise these rights, you will need to verify your identity to protect your security and personal information, which may include providing certain information. Note that even if We honor your request to delete your information, We may retain certain information as required or permitted by law.
Authorized Agent.
You may elect to have an agent exercise your rights for you. Even if you choose to use an agent, We may, as permitted by law, require:
The authorized agent to provide proof that the consumer gave the authorized agent signed permission to submit the request;
The consumer to verify their identity directly with the business;
The consumer to directly confirm with Us that they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Non-Discrimination.
We may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of your privacy rights, or any other rights under the CCPA, including by:
Denying you goods or services
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
We may, however, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to Warby Parker by your personal information.
If you are a California resident you may request a notice from us describing what categories of personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. You may request such notice once a year and free of charge. To request a notice, please contact us as provided in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. In your request, please specify that you are seeking a “California's Shine the Light Disclosure.”
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and you are a registered user of the Site, you may request that we remove content or information that you posted on the Site or stored on our servers by (a) submitting a request in writing to support@vooglam.com and (b) clearly identifying the content or information you wish to have removed and providing sufficient information to allow us to locate the content or information to be removed. However, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if (i) other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information; (ii) the content or information was posed, stored, or republished by another user; (iii) the content or information is anonymized so that the minor cannot be individually identified; (iv) you do not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of such content or information; or (v) you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the content. Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain applicable content or information.
12. Legal Basis For The Processing of Personal Data from EEA Residents
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), our processing of your personal information will be based on the following: To the extent that we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information, such processing will be justified according to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"). If the processing of your personal information is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us or for taking pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b). Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your personal information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), and where the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, such processing will be made following GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f).
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at support@vooglam.com
Call us: +1 (302) 309-7808
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to ensure that we continuously process your data in an open, accurate, and legal manner. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at support@vooglam.com.
NEXTMARVEL INC