Product
Pricing
Video Tutorials
Documentation
Developers
Community
Blog
Get the Mac App
‍
Last Update: June 5, 2023
Rover Labs Inc. ( doing business as, and hereinafter “Judo”) respects the privacy and the integrity of any information that you provide in the use of our Web sites and services.
This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our users’ needs. As we update, expand and diversify our products and services, this Privacy Policy may evolve. Please check this Privacy Policy from time to time for updates by checking the date of the “Last Update” at the top of this document. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here. A link to our Privacy Policy will be provided at the bottom of each web page on our website. You acknowledge and agree that your access of our website and your use of our services following any posted changes to the Privacy Policy indicate your acceptance of such changes.
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information that may be derived in one of two ways.
Personal information we collect and manage for our customers (“Platform Data”). We collect this user information by providing our services including Judo Experiences, Judo Campaign Management, API, and data processing. Judo is a “processor” of this data, and our customer is the “controller” of the data.
Personal information we collect when you do business with us (“Business Data”). This includes any user information we collect from our website including contact forms, newsletter signup forms, and other marketing activities. Judo is a “controller” of this data.
Privacy Practices Specific to Platform Data
Types of Platform Data
We receive information from your use of our customers mobile applications that may include the following:
Unique user identification which may be in the form of an email address, device ID, or other unique value. Judo assigns an associated unique identifier to each user.
Location data that may be derived using the location API on your device which delivers latitude and longitude coordinates, or a particular location ID, such as a specific entrance to a venue, that may derive from use of Bluetooth beacons or related technologies.
App behavior data, including all interactions with in-app content created using the Judo platform along with additional app engagement data.
Any additional information that the client chooses to transmit to us, including profile data for targeting purposes.
Disclosure and Use of Platform Data
By handling personal data we provide the following services to our clients:
Targeting and customization of content created using the Platform based on users interests or other profile data or location information.
To create reporting for our clients regarding their users behavior derived from the application including interaction with experiences, ticket usage and location data.
To enable and improve the user experience, including testing various experiences and capturing feedback.
For other purposes requested by our customers and permitted by their users.
Subject to our contractual obligations we share Platform data as defined above as follows:
To provide services to our customers;
To comply with law in our jurisdictions;
To enforce any legal terms that govern the use of the platform and our business;
For other purposes requested by our customers and permitted by their users.
Type of Business Data
In the course of delivering our services we collect the following information related to current and prospective users:
Contact and professional details, including name, work email address, phone number, title, and name of company;
Data related to use of the services and other interactions with Judo including service related calls and online communications.
Firmographic data including industry, company size, revenue and capitalization
Information related to current or prospective users interests and use cases for our Platform
We obtain business data directly from our end users and prospective customers through our website. Certain data may also be shared by employers. Certain data may be derived from automated methods including the use of cookies and IP address resolution and may be linked to data from third party data brokers.
Disclosure and use of Business Data
Judo may disclose and make use of Business Data to fulfill the following purposes:
To understand the effectiveness of marketing messaging and advertising delivered on the Internet and elsewhere
To deliver its services;
To send you information about our products and services, including links to third party information and other marketing information;
To manage customer inquiries and to deliver customer care;
To understand how clients are using our services and which aspects are most popular;
Send transaction-related communications such as welcome letters, and product/service order confirmations;
To enforce the legal terms that govern our business and online properties; and
For other purposes requested or permitted by our customers or users.
Application of this policy
At Judo, we are committed to protecting your privacy, which is why we do not sell or rent any personal information or personally identifiable information regarding our users to any third party. We hope this Privacy Policy will answer your questions regarding how we treat personal information.
Consent
You acknowledge and agree that by accessing our Web sites or using our services you fully understand, accept and voluntarily consent to the collection, use, retention and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. It is always your choice whether or not you provide us with your personal information; however, a decision to withhold personal information may restrict or prevent us from providing you with a particular product or service. We will only collect, use, and disclose your personal information with your consent, except where otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirement.
Disclosure to Other Third Parties
Except as otherwise disclosed to you, Judo will not sell or rent your personal information to any other party and will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected as described in this Privacy Policy. However, you agree that Judo may disclose your personal information in the circumstances set out below:
Judo may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with a corporate reorganization, merger or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, provided that, where appropriate, any party to whom the information is disclosed is bound by agreements or obligations, and required to use or disclose your personal information in a manner consistent with the use and disclosure provisions of this Privacy Policy, unless you consent otherwise; or
Judo may share your personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments, collect debts, to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfill orders, to assist in direct marketing, to conduct audits, etc. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service. Each company is bound by agreement or obligations with Judo to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices in order to use and disclose your personal information in a manner consistent with the use and disclosure provisions of this Privacy Policy, unless you consent otherwise.
How to opt-out / withdraw consent
You can withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information at any time by notifying us at
privacy@judo.app
or by changing your application permission levels . Information may be retained by Judo for audit or archival purposes or as required by applicable federal and provincial laws.
How long we keep Personal Information
Judo maintains information about our customers for as long as we provide service to them, and longer for related business activities. After information is no longer necessary for our business purposes, we destroy the information unless there is an outstanding request or order to preserve the information.
Safeguards we have in place
Judo stores and processes your personal information on our computers in Canada as well as in Google Cloud Services in the United States. Judo employs reasonable managerial and technical measures to ensure that your personal information is secure. In addition, our dedicated team of information technology professionals works to maintain data accuracy and prevent unauthorized access to sensitive information. Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. The Internet is not a secure medium and you acknowledge and agree that the privacy of your e-mail communication and personal information can never be guaranteed as any e-mail communication may be lost, intercepted or altered. By using our Web sites, or providing personal information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Web sites and our services.
Access to your personal information
You can ask to see your personal information. If you want to review, verify or correct your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer. Please note that any such communication must be in writing (see address information below).
When requesting access to business data, please note that we may request specific information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal information that we hold about you. We may charge you a fee to access your personal information; however, we will advise you of any fee in advance. If you require assistance in preparing your request, please contact the office of our Privacy Officer.
Your right to access the personal information that we hold about you is not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal information that we hold about you. In addition, the personal information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices.
In the event that we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will endeavor to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
For Platform Data (which we process on behalf of our customer), you should contact the customer directly. If instead you contact us and identify the relevant customer, we may refer the request to the relevant customer and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.
Collection of non-personal information
You acknowledge and agree that from time to time Judo, its service providers and business partners may collect non-personal information from your use of our Web site and services such as server log files, environmental variables (such as MAC address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, Internet browser, and Internet browser version) and from scanning navigational data to collect non-personal information about our users in order to help us deliver better service and user experience. Such non-personal information could include the IP addresses or areas of site being clicked on most frequently. Judo and our service providers (including ad servers, outbound email vendors, affiliate vendors and search engine advertising agencies, and providers of web analytics tools) and business partners may also use “cookies” as well as so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” and other similar technologies to help us deliver better service and user experience and to facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our services. Cookies are files saved to your computers through your Web browser to enable websites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Judo, like many other Web services, uses cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular website, to your computer. If you choose to reject all cookies, you may not be able to access the services. To learn more about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. You may find more information about opting out of most third-party service cookies at www.networkadvertising.org or other related sites.
Hyperlinks
Our Web sites may be connected by “hyperlinks” to other websites. You acknowledge and agree that Judo makes no representation, warranty, covenant, or claim regarding, and Judo expressly disclaims and denies any responsibility or liability for, directly or indirectly, the privacy practices on any third-party website or resource accessible by hyperlink from our Web sites. You agree that the inclusion of any such hyperlink does not suggest, represent, warrant, covenant or imply that Judo monitors, endorses or exerts any control over such website or linked resource whatsoever. You agree that Judo provides these hyperlinks to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any hyperlink does not suggest, represent, warrant, covenant or imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by Judo of any such website or linked resource whatsoever.
When you leave our Web sites, you acknowledge and agree that our terms and policies do not govern your access to, and use of, other websites. You acknowledge our recommendation to review the applicable privacy and data gathering practices, of any website or linked resource to which you navigate from our Web sites.
You acknowledge and agree that our terms and policies do not govern any other party.
You acknowledge our recommendation to review the applicable privacy and data gathering practices, of any third party to which you provide personal information.
Notice To California Residents
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Judo to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@judo.app
Interpretation of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights, or impose upon Judo any obligations, in addition to any rights or obligations imposed by Canada’s applicable federal and provincial privacy laws. Should there be any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and Canada’s applicable federal and provincial privacy laws, this Privacy Policy will be interpreted to comply with the applicable privacy laws.
Any services provided by Judo is controlled and operated by us from Canada, and we do not intend that our services subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of Canada. We do not represent or warrant that the services, or any part of the services, are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the services do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the services’ availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
Inquiries or Concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or have any concerns about how we manage your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer, in writing or by email. We will endeavor to answer your questions and advise you of any steps taken to address the issues raised by you. If you are dissatisfied with our response, you may be entitled to make a written submission to the Privacy Commissioner in your jurisdiction.
Privacy Officer
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with this Privacy Policy.
The contact information for our Privacy Officer is as follows:
Attention: Judo: Privacy Officer
347-110 North Front St. – A3
Belleville, ON
Email:
privacy@judo.app
‍