Privacy notice
Privacy notice
Terms and conditions
Privacy notice
Coupon terms and conditions
Gift card notice
Affiliate Terms and Conditions
Affiliate Privacy policy
Vendor Fee and Commission Terms and Conditions
Cashback Terms and Conditions
Enebium Club Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions
Auto Renew Terms and Conditions
Mystery Gift Terms and Conditions
Snakzy Terms of Use
Snakzy Privacy Notice
ENEBA MOBILE APP PRIVACY POLICY
Version 1.2, last amended 2021-08-23
UAB Helis play (“
ENEBA
”, or “
us”
) respects and strives to protect the privacy of our ENEBA mobile app (the "
App
") users. This Privacy Policy (the "
Policy
") explains how we process the personal data and other information of App users – ENEBA users who use the App to visit ENEBA Platform (the "
Users
" or "
you
") when using the App in accordance with the
ENEBA Terms and conditions
(the "
Terms
").
We reserve the right to update or change the Policy at any time. You can always access the latest version of the Policy using the App, and we will notify you personally if the Policy is being changed significantly. To ensure that Users are kept as informed as possible about the processing of their personal data, we recommend that you review the Policy periodically and take note of any changes.
PERSONAL DATA AND LEGAL GROUNDS OF PROCESSING
Legal grounds
Eneba collects and processes your personal data listed in the Policy on the following legal grounds:
Agreement (“the
Agreement
”) concluded between ENEBA and the User when creating account (“
User Account
”) on ENEBA platform
www.eneba.com
Your separate consents (permissions) for:
sending mobile device operating system messages (push notifications)
access to mobile device video camera
access to mobile storage data, including pictures and video files (gallery)
Legal obligation to which ENEBA is subject
ENEBA’s legitimate interest (e. g. to collect statistical information, to prevent illegal or unlawful activity on the App, fraud prevention, to ensure proper functioning of the App and similar)
To the extent and under the conditions provided by applicable law, processing of the same personal data may be subject to one or more of the above legal bases.
For more information on collection of User data, including your name, e-mail address, phone number and physical address, please make sure to familiarize yourself with
ENEBA Privacy Notice
.
To function properly, the App must have access to certain information on your device and certain features of your device. When you download and install the App on your phone or tablet, the App will access the following device data: mobile device operating system and mobile device model code. If you object to App’s access to such data, do not download or install the App on your mobile device.
Using the App
You will be able to log in to the App via User Account, created when registering on Eneba platform or within the App. You will also be able to use the App without creating / logging in to your User Account, however, some functionalities may be limited.
Personal data collected through the use of the App
When using the App, unique identifiers (User Account, your mobile device ID) will be collected and linked to your identity and processed for purposes indicated in this Policy.
If you grant / consent and / or have such permissions / consent set on your mobile device, the App may have access to your camera, mobile device storage, etc. If you have given your separate consent to the submission of notifications, we will be able to provide you with push notifications in the App (for more information, see the section "Notifications").
We request the following permission:
Access to camera. Access to camera is required to enable the User to scan QR codes of Order packages, which is necessary for the performance of the Agreement and provision of courier delivery services. Access to camera is also required to allow the User to take and upload photos of delivered packages, damaged packages, returned packages and to provide other evidence related to provision of courier delivery services;
Access to the storage on your mobile device. Access to the storage of the mobile device is required when User opts to upload photo evidence (as described above) instead of taking pictures directly with the App.
If you do not want the App to access above data, please review your device settings and make any necessary changes to restrict access or revoke your permissions. However, some of the permissions are required to post items on the ENEBA Platform (“
Platform
”), and you may not be able to create listings with pictures / photos if those permissions are revoked.
Statistical information collected through the use of App
When using the App, various statistical information will be collected by various trackers we have implemented in the App. We use the following trackers:
Appsflyer (
Privacy Policy
)
Google Analytics (
Privacy Policy
)
Heap (
Privacy Policy
)
Google Firebase (
Privacy Policy
)
These trackers will collect analytical data which includes your actions (search history, product interactions such as clicks, browsing of listings and similar) in the App as well as the marketing channel which lead you to install the App. You may opt-out of such tracking at any time by changing your tracking preferences. (you may opt-out of both tracking for statistical purposes and tracking for marketing purposes).
Diagnostic data collected through the use of App
When using the App, various diagnostic data will be collected related to the performance of the App will be collected. Such data includes:
Crash data;
Performance data;
Other diagnostic data.
This will be used for App functionality and analytic purposes. This data will not be linked to your User Account in any way and will not be used to track you.
PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING
We shall use the collected and generated personal data for the following purposes:
to enable you to access the Platform via your mobile device;
to ensure that Platform functions correctly on your mobile device and you have access to services provided by ENEBA;
to resolve disputes and problems arising from the use of the App;
to ensure proper management of the App and operation, improvement and development of all its functions;
to conduct statistical research and analysis related to performance of the Platform, use of the App, effectiveness of ENEBA marketing channels;
monitor and analyze your use of the App and find ways to make it more convenient for you;
provide you with information about changes and updates to the App;
monitor the use of the App in order to prevent possible abuse, illegal use, fraud;
to comply with the legal requirements and legal obligations applicable to us;
to perform other actions necessary to ensure the proper functioning of the App.
NOTIFICATIONS
If you have given your separate consent to the submission of notifications, we will be able to provide you with notifications in the App (push-up notifications). You will find these notifications very useful for the use of the Platform. There will be two types of notifications: information about your transactions (“
Transactional notifications
”) and promotional notifications about upcoming deals, promotions and similar information (“
Marketing notifications
”). Transactional notifications will include notifications:
when your item is sold;
when the sale is confirmed by the buyer;
when a dispute is received;
when there was an update about the dispute;
when the purchased item is shipped;
when the item is delivered;
when the purchase is cancelled.
Marketing notifications will include information about upcoming deals, promotions, discounts. These deals, promotions, discounts may be personalized specifically for you.
You may change your device settings and not grant us permission to send you push-up notifications. Additionally, you may opt-out of Marketing notifications by changing the App settings.
RETENTION OF DATA
Aggregated App User data (e.g., App User age group, region, other data from Users'
Google
or
Apple
accounts (this data is provided by the
Google Play
or
App Store
platform operators -
Google
and / or
Apple
) will be stored for as long as the App is available to users.
Statistical data collected through trackers shall not be kept for longer than is necessary and in any case not longer than the User Account is active.
User Account data, purchase information will be stored in accordance with
ENEBA Privacy Notice
.
RECIPIENTS OF DATA
We may transfer your data for processing to third parties – data processors who assist us in managing and developing the App. Such data processors may include App developers, developers, mobile app and application marketplaces, database administration service providers, data center, hosting and cloud service providers, market research or business analysis service providers, telecommunications service providers, other service providers, etc. In each case, we provide the data processor with only as much data as is necessary to execute a specific order or provide a specific service. The data processors may process your personal data only in accordance with our instructions and they must always ensure the security of your data in accordance with applicable law.
The data may also be provided to the competent authorities or law enforcement authorities, in cases and procedures provided for by law, such as the police or supervisory authorities, but only upon request and only when required by applicable law or in cases and procedures provided for by law, to assert, provide and defend legal claims to ensure our rights, the safety of our customers, employees and resources.
Please note that some data may be available to companies outside the European Economic Area, such as the in U.S. (
Google
,
Apple
etc.). The Company will ensure that personal data is transferred only if there are sufficient grounds provided for in the GDPR and other applicable legislation - such transfer may be necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract, may be based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or may be based on other grounds, conditions or exceptions provided for in the GDPR. The Company will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third parties process personal data in accordance with GDPR and other mandatory legal requirements, ensuring the security of your personal data. For more information on what data is transferred outside the European Economic Area and on what basis, as well as other related questions, you can contact us by e-mail:
privacy@eneba.com
.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a data subject, you have the following rights related to personal data subject to the requirements and conditions prescribed by applicable legal acts:
The right of access to your personal data;
The right to request the rectification of your personal data;
The right to request the deletion of personal data or to restrict the processing of personal data;
The right to portability of personal data;
The right to object to the processing of your personal data (when your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests);
The right to withdraw consent at any time (when your personal data is processed on the basis of consent);
The right to lodge a complaint with the State Data Protection Inspectorate (for more information, visit
www.vdai.lrv.lt
).
Requests for the exercise of the above rights (including the withdrawal of your consent or disagreement with the use of your data), as well as complaints, notifications or requests may be submitted to us via e-mail:
privacy@eneba.com
. All data subject requests are executed and exercised subject to the conditions, limitations and exceptions provided for in applicable legal acts.
You can exercise some of your rights yourself in the App or on your mobile device:
change your consents / permissions in the App;
change settings, options in the operating system settings of the mobile device;
get acquainted with Order history using the App;
submit your questions, complaints, requests, opinion.
You may terminate your use of the App at any time by deleting the App from your mobile device. In this case, we will stop collecting data related to your use of the App. However, we will also be forced to terminate the Agreement.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact us with any data processing questions following ways:
by e-mail
privacy@eneba.com
by creating a ticket on
www.eneba.com
or the App
FINAL PROVISIONS
If we change this Policy, we will post an updated and current version of it on the App,
Google Play Store
and
App Store
and, if necessary, notify you of the changes in other ways.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.eneba.com/affiliate-privacy-notice:
If you’re seeing this message, that means
JavaScript has been disabled on your browser
. Please enable JS to make this app work.
Failed to fetch
Cookies
Eneba and its partners use cookies to collect and analyse information about the users of this website. We use this information to enhance the content, advertising and other services available on the site. By clicking ‘Accept all’ you consent to the technology used by Eneba and its partners. You can adjust your consent by clicking Customize or by going to cookie preferences in the footer.
Accept all
Customize
GET UP TO 20%*!
Ends in:
11
Days
04
Hrs.
53
Min.
02
Sec.
See the deals
Sub-policy 1
https://www.eneba.com/snakzy-privacy-notice:
If you’re seeing this message, that means
JavaScript has been disabled on your browser
. Please enable JS to make this app work.
Failed to fetch
Cookies
Eneba and its partners use cookies to collect and analyse information about the users of this website. We use this information to enhance the content, advertising and other services available on the site. By clicking ‘Accept all’ you consent to the technology used by Eneba and its partners. You can adjust your consent by clicking Customize or by going to cookie preferences in the footer.
Accept all
Customize
Sub-policy 2
https://www.eneba.com/privacy-policy:
If you’re seeing this message, that means
JavaScript has been disabled on your browser
. Please enable JS to make this app work.
Failed to fetch
Cookies
Eneba and its partners use cookies to collect and analyse information about the users of this website. We use this information to enhance the content, advertising and other services available on the site. By clicking ‘Accept all’ you consent to the technology used by Eneba and its partners. You can adjust your consent by clicking Customize or by going to cookie preferences in the footer.
Accept all
Customize
Sub-policy 3
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://heap.io/privacy:
skip to content
Over 10,000 businesses trust Heap to power their analytics. Maintaining that trust is our paramount concern.
This page gives you access to relevant information regarding our approach to privacy, security, and compliance.
Categories
Trust Portal
Sub-Processors List
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Data Subjet Request
Sample Cookie Description
Heap's Status
Heap Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September, 2024
Global Privacy Policy
European Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Notice
California Privacy Notice
HEAP GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome and thank you for your interest in Heap Inc., a member of the Contentsquare Group of companies, who are listed
at this link
, (“
Heap
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”).
Heap is a SaaS  product analytics platform. We allow our customers to collect and analyze data about how their visitors are interacting with their website and mobile application to optimize performance of product usage, diagnose problems in our customer’s visitor experience, and correlate our customer’s visitor activity with long-term value. Heap does this by collecting data on what visitors are doing, including but not limited to what webpages they visit, what visitors click on, where those visitors are located, what browser or platform those visitors are using, and other  types of behavioral data.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Heap when you visit our website
https://heap.io/
(the “
Site
”), and/or use our SaaS product and related services (collectively, the “
Service
”).
Heap as a Data Controller:
For purposes of data protection laws, Heap Inc., a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of United States of America, having its registered address at 225 Bush St. 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, is the “data controller” and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected through your use of our Service. This Privacy Policy applies only to instances where Heaps acts as a data controller.
Heap as a Data Processor:
Wherever our customers use our Service to submit, manage, or otherwise use content relating to our customers’ end users during the provision of our Service, we act as a “data processor” and have contractually committed ourselves, including by signing data processing agreements, to only process such information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller, and as provided for under the contractual agreements we sign with them. As such, this Privacy Policy does not apply to such processing.
GLOBAL APPLICABILITY AND REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
This Privacy Policy is designed to apply to our Site visitors, users of our Service and other companies and users on a global basis. We may choose or be required by law to provide additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information in certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to you:
California:
If you are a California resident, please see the
Privacy Disclosures for California Residents
section below for additional California-specific privacy disclosures, including the categories of personal information we process, our “sale” / “sharing” disclosures, and your rights under California law.
Nevada:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Note we do not sell your personal information within the meaning of Chapter 603A. However, if you would still like to submit such a request, please submit a request via our
Data Subject Request Webform
.
European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom or Switzerland, or otherwise engage with Heap’s European operations, please see the
Privacy Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland
section below for additional European-specific privacy disclosures, including what constitutes your personal data, the lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data, and your rights in respect of your personal data.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND OUR USE
We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of our Site and Service. This collection includes information that you provide to us, information from third parties, and information that is collected automatically such as through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Information That You Provide
We collect personal information from you. The categories of information we collect can include:
Service Inquiries, Free Trial, or Demo Requests.
We may collect personal information that you provide when you inquire about our Service or request a free trial or demo. This information may include your business information, including your first name, last name, email, phone number, company, company size, industry type, and any other information you provide, including your interests in relation to our Service or applicable business information. We use this information to communicate with you about your inquiry or interests, provide the free trial or demo, or schedule an information call to discuss our Service.
Registration information.
We collect personal and/or business information that you provide when you register for an account to use our Service. This information may include your name, email, and password. We use this information to administer your account, provide you with the relevant services and information, communicate with you regarding your account, the Service, and for customer support purposes.
Payment information.
If you sign up for our Service, we collect the information provided in connection with your payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors to process payments made to us. As such, we do not retain any personally identifiable financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
Marketing Emails and Blog Subscription.
If you consent to receive marketing emails from us, or subscribe to our blog, we collect your personal information, and applicable interests and communication preferences in order to send you regular updates about the Service and other information about Heap. We use this information to manage our communications with you and send you information about products and services we think may be of interest to you. To unsubscribe from marketing emails, please follow the instructions within our messages and review the
Control Over Your Information
section below. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Communications.
If you communicate with us through any paper or electronic form, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, and to communicate with you, to enhance the services we offer to our users and to manage and grow our organization.
Events, Surveys, and Promotions.
If you fill out any forms relating to Heap events, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, or other promotional events, we collect your contact and demographic information, and any other information requested on the form or at sign up. We use this information to fulfill the purpose of the form or sign up, facilitate the event, survey, contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, and, if you consent, to inform you about future programs that may be of interest to you.
Employment Applications.
If you apply for employment, we collect your contact and demographic information, educational and work history, employment interests, information obtained during interviews and any other information you choose to provide. We use the information provided to evaluate your candidacy for employment, to communicate with you during the application process, to facilitate the onboarding process, and, if you consent, to consider your application for alternative positions.
You are free to choose which personal information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with personal information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment transaction information, and information on your requested services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations.
Automatic Data Collection
We and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit or interact with our Site and Service:
Log
Data
: Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, browser ID, the URL you entered and the referring page/campaign, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our Service and any errors that may occur during your visit. Please note that our systems may also record personal information that you type into our websites and Service even if you do not choose to submit it.
Analytics
Data
: Including the electronic path you take to our Service, through and when exiting our Service, as well as your usage and activity on our Service, such as the links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with (also known as “
Clickstream Data
”). Our emails may also contain tracking pixels that identify if and when you have opened an email that we have sent you, how many times you have read it and whether you have clicked on any links in that email. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing email campaigns, make the emails we send to you more relevant to your interests and to understand if you have opened and read any important administrative emails we might send you.
Location
Data
: Including your general geographic location based on the Log Data we collect.
Application
Data
: Some of our services offer mobile or browser applications to allow you to take advantage of our service offerings on the go and/or when visiting third-party websites and other online services. Certain of these applications also allow us to access more precise Location Data about you and collect information about your use and interactions with third-party websites and online services (including the products or services you are interested in or purchase) to better serve you.
For information about our, and our third-party providers and partners’, use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically on our online services, and the choices you may have in relation to those practices, please visit our Cookies Policy
here
.
Information from Third Party Sources
We may receive personal information about you from our business partners and service providers and combine this information with other data we collect from you. The third parties may include website and service operators, payment processors, marketing partners, and shipping providers. The information may include contact information, demographic information, information about your communications and related activities, and information about your purchase orders. We may use this information to administer and facilitate our Service, your subscriptions, and our marketing activities.
Account Creation / Single Sign-On.
We may use single sign-on ("
SSO
") to allow a user to authenticate their account through their work email. We do this by using OAuth authentication (similar methods), a secure mechanism to give Heap access to your account data without letting us know your password. We will have access to certain information from those third parties in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by those third parties, including, for example, your username, password, name, email address, and profile picture. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. We may also send you service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, purchase confirmation, customer support, changes, or updates to features of the App, technical and security notices).
Social Media.
When you interact with our Site through various social media (LinkedIn, X, Facebook, YouTube), such as when you click on the social media icon on the Site, follow us on a social media site, or post a comment to one of our pages, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, username, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use this information to provide you with interactive functionalities between our Site and social media networks, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about the Service that may be of interest to you. For more information on how the social media networks process your personal information when you use their network, please refer to their respective privacy policies:
LinkedIn:
LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Ave. Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
X:
X Corp., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
Facebook:
Meta Platforms, Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
YouTube:
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information from other sources, including through third-party information providers, customers, public sources, or through transactions such as mergers and acquisitions. We may combine this information with other information we collect from or about you. In these cases, our Privacy Policy governs the handling of the combined personal information. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Other Uses of Personal Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
For our business activities, including to operate the Service and to provide you with the features and functionality of the Service;
To communicate with you and respond to your requests, such as to respond to your questions, contact you about changes to the Service, and communicate about account related matters;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as to market to you or offer you with information and updates on our Service we think that you may be interested in. While we may use your personal information in this manner, please note that we do not use user content to serve you ads, and we will never share user content with any third parties for marketing or advertising purposes, unless you have explicitly submitted it to us for that purpose;
For analytics, development, and research purposes to improve, develop, and optimize the use, function, and performance of the Site and Service;
To enforce our
Master Services Agreement
, to resolve disputes, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to protect our business interests and the interests and rights of Heap, you, or third parties;
To comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements, including to respond to privacy requests or requests/communications from regulators, law enforcement authorities, or other governmental officials;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information; and
For any other lawful purpose, or other purpose that you consent to.
2. HOW AND TO WHOM WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Service Providers.
We share personal information with third party contractors and service providers who perform services on our behalf, which are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting services, technology support providers, email communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers.
Business Partners.
We may disclose personal information to our business partners for transactional and marketing purposes, including to promote their products or services if you consent. We may also share your personal information with other third parties who may have products or services we think you may enjoy.
Online Advertising Partners.
We also share personal information with advertising networks or permit these partners to collect information from you directly on our websites to facilitate online advertising, such as search engines and social network advertising providers to serve targeted ads to you or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics, on third-party platforms. For more information, including how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please see our Cookie Policy
here
.
Contentsquare Group.
We may share, disclose and transfer your personal information with Contentsquare Group for all purposes mentioned above.
Corporate Transaction.
We may transfer to third-parties any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Legal Requirements.
We may share your information with third parties, including government authorities or public authorities, courts, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our
Master Services Agreement
or other agreements or to protect the security or integrity of the Heap services, including to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Heap, our Customers, visitors, or others.
With Your Consent.
We may disclose your information publicly or with another third party with your prior authorization.
3. HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We will usually keep the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out in Section 1, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal information about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal information:
Legitimate Interests.
Where we are processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Consent.
Where we are processing personal information based on your consent, we generally will retain the information until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.
Contract.
Where we are processing personal information based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
Legal Obligation.
Where we are processing personal information based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation.
Legal Claim.
We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face a threat of legal claim.  In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information.
4. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Email Communications.
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Service, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information.
If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information) through the [“profile,” “account,” “settings,” or “preferences”] options provided on the Site. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us at the email provided below. .
How to Control Push Notifications.
You can stop receiving push notifications from us by changing your preferences in the iOS or Android notifications settings menu.
5.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
For your convenience, our Service may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Your browsing and interaction on any other website or service are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. If you are using a third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.
6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If we learn that any personal information has been collected inadvertently from a child under 16, we will delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 16, please contact us via our Data Subject Request Form
here
.
7. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our Site, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
8. CONTACT US
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at
privacy@contentsquare.com
or contact us at:
Heap, Inc.
53 Beach St, 6th Floor,
New York, NY 10013
Data Protection Officer:
Nicole Mazanitis
privacy@contentsquare.com
PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND
This Privacy Policy governs how Heap processes personal data of individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom (“
UK
”) and Switzerland (collectively, “
Europe
”) that are visiting our Site or use our Service in accordance with data protection laws in Europe (hereafter “
European Privacy Policy
”).
When we use the term “personal data” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this European Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Global Privacy Policy above including any relevant agreement, policy, or addendum incorporated therein and any amendments or modifications thereto.
In the event of a conflict between the Global Privacy Policy and this European Privacy Policy, this Policy supersedes the Global Privacy Policy.
1. OUR RELATIONSHIP TO YOU
Heap, Inc., a member of the Contentsquare Group of companies, who are listed
at this link
, (“
Heap
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”), is a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of United States of America, having its registered address at
53 Beach St, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10013
. Heap’s Data Protection Office (“
DPO
”) may be contacted at
privacy@contentsquare.com
.
In order for you to understand Heap’s obligations and your rights to your personal data under this Policy, it is important to identify the relationship you have with Heap:
A “Visitor” is an individual providing personal data to us via our Site. Heap acts as a data controller in this relationship.
A “Customer” is a prospect, lead, potential customer, customer or customer’s employee, agent or independent contractor providing personal data to us in connection with our Service and communications with Heap. Heap acts as a data controller in this relationship.
A “User” is a customer’s employee, agent or independent contractor providing personal data to us in connection with our Service. Depending on the purpose of processing (see Section 3 below), Heap acts as either a data controller or data processor in this relationship.
A “Customer’s Visitor” is an individual that provides personal data to our Customer when using our Service. Heap does not have a direct relationship with the Customer’s Visitor. Depending on the purpose of processing (see Section 3 below), Heap acts as either a data controller or data processor in this relationship. For more information about how personal data is handled by our Customer as a data controller, please review our Customer’s privacy policy and contact them directly.
Hereinafter we may refer to Visitor, Customer and User collectively as “you.”
2. NOTICE
Heap provides notice to you through posted privacy policies and may provide additional “just-in-time” disclosures about the data collection, use, and sharing practices of specific Service. The Global Privacy Policy generally describes our privacy practices, while this Policy is specific to Visitors and Customers located in Europe.
As a data processor, Heap is not able to provide notice to or obtain consent from Customer’s Visitor. To the extent required by law, Heap supports Customers’ data-protection compliance efforts, but it is up to Customer to ensure the appropriate data protection safeguards are in place before processing personal data from Customer’s Visitor.
3. TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED AND PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
3.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT DIRECTLY FROM YOU
We collect the categories of personal data that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use the Service, as set forth in our Global Privacy Policy under the Section 1
Information We Collect and Our Use
.
The table below sets out in detail the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we use that information when you use the Service, as well as the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal data.
Category of Personal Data
Purpose of Processing
Legal Bases for Processing
Business contact information
, such as first name, last name, job title, email address and password, company, company size, industry type, any other information you provide.
We may use this information to set up and authenticate your account on the Service as a data controller, and provide support and maintenance of the Service as a data processor.
The processing of account management is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely our Master Services Agreement.
The processing of support and maintenance of the Service is determined by our Customer as a data controller.
We may use this information to communicate with you regarding our Service, including those communications described in this Global Privacy Policy, such as about your account, alert you of relevant security issues or updates regarding our Service, or provide other Service-related communications.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Master Services Agreement, and our compliance with a legal obligation.
We may use this information to provide our customer service and deal with enquiries, requests, feedback, and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely administering the Service, for communicating with you effectively to respond to your enquiries, requests, or complaints.
We may use this information in connection with providing you with marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.
We will only use your personal data in this way to the extent you have given us consent to do so.
We may use this information to organize, manage, and facilitate access to our events.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely the administration and execution of our events, and for the performance of a contract.
We may use this information to respond to privacy requests, or to requests or communications from regulators, law enforcement authorities, other government officials request or your data subject requests, and to resolve disputes and defend a legal claim.
This processing is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation
We may use this information to analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function, and performance of the Site and Service.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our Service).
Payment transaction information.
When you subscribe to our services, we may collect information such as your billing address and other information such as date and time of your transaction.
We may use this information to process your orders through the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract; compliance with a legal obligation.
We may use this information to verify your identity in connection with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The processing is necessary for our and third parties' legitimate interests, namely the detection and prevention of fraud and financial crime.
Communications and feedback.
When you contact us directly, e.g. by email or phone we will record your comments and opinions.
We may use this information to address your questions, issues and concerns.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and responding to queries, complaints and concerns.
We may use this information to analyze, develop, improve, and optimize the use, function, and performance of the Site and Service.
The processing is based on either your consent, or as necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our Service).
Professional or Employment-related information
. When you you apply for employment at Heap on our Site, we may collect your contact and demographic information, educational and work history, employment interests, background check data, and any other information you choose to provide, such as during interviews
We may use this information to evaluate your candidacy for employment, to communicate with you during the application process, to facilitate the onboarding process, and, if you consent, to consider your unsuccessful application for future positions.
The processing is based on either your consent, as necessary for our legitimate interests, or to comply with a legal obligation or perform a contract.
3.2 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AUTOMATICALLY
We also automatically collect personal data indirectly about how you access and use the Service, and information about the device you use to access the Service. The table below sets out further information about the categories of personal data we collect about you automatically and how we use that information. The table also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal data.
We may link or combine the personal data we collect about you and the information we collect automatically for the purposes described above.
We may anonymise, de-identify and aggregate any of the personal data we collect about you (so that it does not identify or permit the identification of any individual (“
anonymized data
”). We may use anonymized data for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our Service. We may also share such anonymized data with third-parties, including our customers, partners and service providers for various purposes such as to help us better understand your needs and improve our Service
Category of personal data
Purpose of Processing
Legal basis for the processing
Online unique identifiers:
IP address, cookie ID, device ID, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies (as described in our “
Cookies Policy
”)
We may use this information for technical support and maintenance, and for internal development of our Service.
This data collected for support and maintenance is necessary for the performance of the contract signed with our customers.
For our processing of this data for internal development, this processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve, test, research, machine learning, benchmark, and analyze our Service.
We may use this information to tailor how the Service is displayed to you (such as the language in which it is provided to you).
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely tailoring our Service so that it is more relevant to our Visitors and Users.
We may use this information to ensure our network and information security of our Site and Service, such as enhance the security of our Site and Service, combat spam or other malware or security risks, detect fraudulent  or suspicious activity in relation to our Site or Service, monitor and verify identify or service access.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our Site, Service and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.
Information about your device (“device and technical data”).
We also collect information about the type of operating system, type of device and type of browser you use to connect to the Service. This information can include details about the type of device, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Service through the device, your mobile network.
We may use this information for technical support and maintenance, and for internal development of our Service.
The data collected for support and maintenance is necessary for the performance of the contract signed with our Customers.
For our processing of this data for internal development, this processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve, test, research, machine learning, benchmark, and analyze our Service.
We may use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor the Service to the User.
We may use this information to monitor and improve the Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
The processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests,  namely to monitor and resolve issues with the Service and to improve the Service generally.
We may use this information to ensure our network and information security of our Site and Service, such as enhance the security of our Site and Service, combat spam or other malware or security risks, detect fraudulent  or suspicious activity in relation to our Site or Service, monitor and verify identify or service access.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our Site, Service and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.
Information about how you use the Service (“usage data”).
For example, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access the Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the website pages you visit, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.
We may use this information for technical support and maintenance, and for internal development of our Service.
The data collected for support and maintenance is necessary for the performance of the contract signed with our Customers.
For our processing of this data for internal development, this processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve, test, research, machine learning, benchmark, and analyze our Service.
We may use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor the Service to the user.
We may use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to inform our direct marketing.
We may use this information to ensure our network and information security of our Site and Service, such as enhance the security of our Site and Service, combat spam or other malware or security risks, detect fraudulent  or suspicious activity in relation to our Site or Service, monitor and verify identify or service access.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our Site, Service and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.
3.3 PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
If you interact with us through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our Service and inform our marketing strategy.
We also use single sign-on ("
SSO
") to allow users to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network. We may use this information to reshare content created through the use of the Service, to authenticate you and allow you to access the Service. The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
3.4 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUR VISITORS WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE
When using our Service, we collect personal data about your visitors on your behalf (online unique identifiers, device and technical data, usage data and any additional personal data you decide to capture under the Master Service Agreement signed with us) for the provision of our Service, including support and maintenance, product usage analytics (i.e. understand how your visitors engage with your product) in order for you to improve their experience with your product. As a data controller, it is up to you to determine the legal basis of this processing. We share your Visitor’s personal data with our sub-processors listed
here
, only for the provision of the Service.
4.
HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will usually keep the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out in Section 3.1 and 3.2, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Legitimate Interests.
Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such data for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Consent.
Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain the data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.
Contract.
Where we are processing personal data based on contract, we generally will retain the data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
Legal Obligation.
Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the data for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation.
Legal Claim.
We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face a threat of legal claim.  In that case, we will retain the data until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data.
5. RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the following recipients (as required in accordance with the uses set out in Annexes 1 and 2):
Service providers and advisors
: we may share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing professional services, such as legal and accounting services, mailing, email or chat services, payment services, IT and security services, customer support services, cloud storage, or marketing and analytics services.
Affiliates
. Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Heap, including our subsidiaries (i.e., any organisation we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organisation that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns, listed
here
.
Integrations and enrichment providers:
our Service allows customers to integrate third-party tools to send or receive personal data to and from the Service. Our customers remain responsible for any such personal data transmissions between these integration tools and our Service.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction
: your personal data may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons
: we may share your personal data with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Master Services Agreement; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Heap, its users or others.
6.
MARKETING AND PROFILING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
Where we rely on consent to send you marketing communications, we will only send you such messages if you have given us your consent to do so. You can withdraw your consent at a later date by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences via your account on the Site.
We may analyze personal data we have collected about you to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information that is relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us effectively send product updates. We may also use personal data about you to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
7. SECURITY
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
8. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third-party service providers have operations. If you are located in the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland, your personal data may be processed outside of those regions, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission.
Heap transfers personal data to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework (please see above).
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this European Privacy Policy.
9. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy laws in Europe, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal information. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal.
Right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can also object to marketing activities for any reason.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the European Union, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in the UK or Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner's Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of these Privacy Disclosures, or you can use our
Data Subject Rights Request Form
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights.
PRIVACY DISCLOSURES FOR TRANS-ATLANTIC DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
Heap Inc., along with its affiliates based in the United States of America (Content Square, Inc., and Clicktale Inc., (together “
the US CS entities
”)), has self-certified with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (together, the “
Data Privacy Framework
”), where such participation is listed
at this link
, with respect to the personal data of individuals residing in the EU, United Kingdom, and Switzerland that the US CS entities process for the purposes identified above in this policy, including any such data processed on behalf of any of their affiliated companies of the Contentsquare group of companies.
The US CS entities commit to process personal data received from the EU, United Kingdom, and Switzerland in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, including the Supplemental Principles (collectively, the “
Principles
”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce concerning the processing of personal data.
If there is any conflict between this Heap Privacy Policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, please visit
this webpage
.
Independent Dispute Resolution
To address inquiries or resolve complaints about our processing of personal data, residents of the EU, United Kingdom, or Switzerland should first contact Heap via e-mail to
privacy@contentsquare.com
.
The US CS entities have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework to the American Arbitration Association’s International Centre for Dispute Resolution (“ICDR-AAA”), a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States to assist with the complaint resolution process. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information and to file a complaint. The services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
Enforcement
The US CS entities are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (the “
FTC
”) to ensure our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Arbitration
You may be entitled, under certain conditions as described in the Principles, to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Lawful Access Requests
The US CS entities may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful access requests from public authorities, or to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements. Any such disclosure is made in accordance with our Public Authorities Access Request Policy, available
at this link
.
Onward Transfers of Personal Data
The US CS entities remain responsible to you, as well as potentially liable to you under the conditions set forth in the Principles, for the processing of personal data received under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transferred to the third parties identified above.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Privacy Policy supplements our Global Privacy Policy and provides additional details about the personal information we collect, use, and disclose about residents of the State of California, and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (the “CCPA”), and includes our Notice at Collection and Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sale/Sharing under the CCPA.
Your rights under the CCPA:
Right to delete
. You have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we’ve collected from you.
Right to correct
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions.
Right to know/access
. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we process about you, why we use it, where it came from, and who it is disclosed to.
Right to opt out of sale/sharing
. You have the right to request that we do not “sell” your personal information or “share” your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (as such terms are defined under the CCPA). Please see the dedicated “ “Sale”/“Sharing” of personal information” section below for more information.
Right to restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive information
. You have the right to request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
Right to nondiscrimination
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment because you’ve exercised any of your rights under the CCPA.
Categories of personal information collected
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information, from the following sources:
When you provide such personal information directly to us
We collect the following categories of personal information about you in connection with your visits to and use of our Site and Service, such as when you register for an account to use our Service, request information, contact us, subscribe to our blog or to receive marketing emails from us, or apply for employment:
Category of personal information
Examples of personal information
Identifiers
First and last name, email address, and telephone number
Professional or employment-related information
Job position, company, company size, and industry
For employment applications only: you also provide demographic information, educational and work history, employment interests, and interview information
Any other personal information you voluntarily choose to provide
Personal information in request or feedback you send us
When you provide such personal information indirectly to us
We may collect personal information about you with the help of third parties. For more information about this processing, please refer to Section 1 above in this Global Privacy Policy.
When you use our Sites and such personal information is collected automatically
When you visit or interact with our Site and Service, we may collect or generate through cookies the following categories of personal information about you:
Category of personal information
Examples of personal information
Identifiers and contact information
IP address, cookie IDs, device IDs, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies (as described in our “
Cookies Policy
”)
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Device and technical data
Type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Site and Service, session logging, referring or exit pages; and date and time of your visit.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Behavioral data
Web page interactions (clicks, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Site and Service, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Site.
Geolocation data
City, state, or country.
Professional or employment-related information
Job position, workplace, and industry
Inferences drawn from the above information
Whether you may be interested in our services, and aggregated metrics.
Purposes for which personal information is collected
We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in Section 1 above in this Global Privacy Policy.
Categories of third parties to whom personal information is disclosed
In connection with one or more of the purposes described above, we disclose the identified personal information to the categories of third parties identified in Section 2 above in this Global Privacy Policy
“Sale” / “Sharing” of personal information
We “sold” or “shared” (as such terms are defined under applicable law) certain data elements within the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers, demographic information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, approximate geolocation, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” or “shared” each category to or with entities who provide advertising, marketing, or audience measurement; and social networks. The business or commercial purposes of “selling” or “sharing” personal information is to assist us with advertising, marketing, audience measurement, and other functionality on our digital properties. We do not “sell” or “share” any personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Retention
We retain the categories of personal information identified above for the lengths of time identified in Section 3 above in this Global Privacy Policy.
Opt-out preference signal
To exercise and signal to us your preference to opt-out of the sale or sharing (as such terms are defined under CCPA) of your personal information within our Site’s consent banner, you can toggle the switch into the grey “off” position (in contrast to the bright blue “on” position) or vice versa by clicking on the switch.
Required disclosures
Below is a list of each type of request we have received during the previous calendar year from all individuals (meaning, requests received from
anywhere in the world
, not only California-residents), the outcome of such request, and the mean number of days to respond to the request:
Type of request
Number received
Number complied with
Number denied*
Mean number of days to comply
Request to delete
0
0
0
This feature is not included
Request to correct
0
0
0
This feature is not included
Request to know
1
1
0
44
Request to opt out of sale/sharing
0
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
Request to limit
0
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
Request to opt out of marketing communications
1
1
0
27
*Requests may be denied due to various factors including where the request was not verifiable or made multiple times.