Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Intercom
3
Learn more about this provider
intercom-device-id-#
Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function.
intercom-id-#
Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality.
intercom-session-#
Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function.
bake.io
1
@@scroll#
Pending
bake.io
js.intercomcdn.com
2
intercom.intercom-state [x2]
Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
2
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
NID
Pending
YouTube
19
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Pending
YSC
Pending
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/17/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Privacy Policy
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
2. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
4. COOKIES
5. THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE
6. THIRD-PARTY SITES
7. SECURITY
8. YOUR RIGHTS
9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
10. CONTACT US
This policy sets out the basis on which
Bake
(together with our subsidiaries, our holding company, subsidiaries of our holding company from time to time, collectively called the
“GS Fintech UAB”
or
“we”
) collects personal data from you and how we process such data.
We adhere to data protection laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation and relevant local privacy regulations, which govern the handling of your personal data and provide you with various rights regarding it. Furthermore, we consistently follow industry best practices in data protection and privacy, in line with the guidelines set by the appropriate authorities.
By visiting our website
bake.io
or by using any services as accessible through, our website: app.bake.io, mobile applications, or any other applications as and when available (collectively referred to as, “
Sites
”), you accept and consent to the practices set out below.
All capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Bake Terms and Conditions.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
1.1. For the purposes outlined in Clause 2., we may collect and process the following information about you:
(a)
Information you give us
- information that you provide us (which may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, bank account information and other personal description) by filling in forms on our Sites, or by corresponding with us by email, for example:
(i) when you register for an account with us on our Sites;
(ii) when you report any problem to us;
(iii) when you use certain features on our Sites;
(iv) when you request any support from us; or
(v) when you complete any survey or questionnaire we send you.
(b)
Information we collect about you
- information automatically collected when you visit or use our Sites, for example:
(i) technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and your log-in information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
(ii) details of any transactions, purchases and payments you made on our Sites; and
(iii) information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), clickstream to, through and from our Sites (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
(c)
Information we receive from third parties
- We work with third parties and we may receive information about you from them, for example, affiliates, business partners, sub-contractors in due diligence, technical, payment and delivery services, analytics providers, or search information providers. We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
1.2. We only retain personal data for so long as it is necessary and in order to meet regulatory and compliance obligations.
2. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
2.1. We use information held about you for the following purposes:
(a) to fulfil parties’ respective obligations as stated in the Bake Terms & Conditions to which you are a party or to take steps at your request prior to you entering into the Bake Terms & Conditions;
(b) providing, improving and developing our services;
(c) researching, designing and launching new features or products;
(d) presenting content and information in our Sites in the most effective manner for you and for the device you use;
(e) providing you with alerts, updates, materials or information about our services or other types of information that you requested or signed up to;
(f) verifying your identity;
(g) processing payment or credit transactions;
(h) complying with laws and regulations applicable to us in any part of the world;
(i) assisting in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
(j) responding or taking part in legal proceedings, including seeking professional advice;
(k) communicating with you and responding to your questions or requests; and
(l) purposes directly related or incidental to the above.
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will keep your personal data we hold confidential but you agree we may provide information to:
(a) any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries and/or related companies, as defined in Recital 48 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR);
(b) personnel, agents, advisers, auditors, contractors, financial institutions, and service providers in connection with our operations or services (for example customer due diligence and the provision of support services), who may be unaffiliated third parties whether in Lithuania or abroad;
(c) our overseas offices, affiliates, business partners and counterparts (on a need-to-know basis only);
(d) persons under a duty of confidentiality to us;
(e) persons to whom we are required to make disclosure under applicable laws and regulations in any part of the world; or
(f) actual or proposed transferees of our operations (or a substantial part thereof) in any part of the world.
4. COOKIES
4.1. Our Sites may place and access certain cookies on your computer and/or any other electronic device used to access the Sites. We use cookies to improve your experience using the Sites and to improve the efficacy of our services. We have carefully chosen these cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
4.2. Users of the Sites are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from the Sites onto their computers and/or other electronic devices, they should take the necessary steps within their internet browsers’ security settings to block all cookies from the Sites.
4.3. You can choose to delete the cookies at any time. However, you may lose any information that enables you to access the Sites more quickly and efficiently including but not limited to personalisation settings.
4.4. We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Sites. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
- Remarketing with Google AdSense
- Google Display Network Impression Reporting
- Demographics and Interests Reporting
- DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
4.5. We do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
5. THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
6. THIRD-PARTY SITES
Our Sites or our communication with you may contain links to third-party websites, over which we have no control. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own practices and policies. We accept no responsibility or liability for any practices of third-party websites.
7. SECURITY
7.1. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices from time to time to guard against unauthorised access, processing or use.
7.2. Please note, however, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Sites; any transmission is at your own risk.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
8.1. Subject to any applicable legal and regulatory exemptions, you have the right to:
(a) check whether we hold personal data about you;
(b) access any personal data we hold about you; and
(c) require us to correct any inaccuracy or error in any personal data we hold about you.
8.2. Any request under Clause 8.1 may be subject to a small administrative fee to meet our cost in processing your request.
8.3. You may refuse to provide or withdraw your consent for us to collect, use or disclose your personal data by giving us reasonable notice in writing via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below, as long as there are no legal, regulatory or contractual restrictions preventing you from doing so. In general, we shall seek to process your request within ten (10) business days of receiving it.
8.4. If you refuse to provide or withdraw your consent for us to use your personal data, depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be able to continue providing you with our Services (as defined in our Terms and Conditions), and may not be able to provide you with access to our Sites. In such a situation, withdrawing your consent will require you to exit all Services that you have with us and withdraw your assets from your User Account. We may also be required by operation of legal or regulatory guidelines to suspend, restrict, or terminate your User Account upon your withdrawal of consent. We shall, in such circumstances, notify you before completing the processing of your request. Should you decide to cancel your withdrawal of consent, please inform us in writing via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below.
Please note that your withdrawal of consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, process, retain and disclose your personal data where such collection, use and disclosure without consent is permitted or required under applicable laws and/or regulatory guidelines, such as Article 17 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this policy from time to time by posting the updated policy on our Sites. By continuing to use our Sites after the changes come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised policy.
10. CONTACT US
You may contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any enquiries or feedback on our personal data protection and privacy policies and procedures, or if you wish to make any request, in the following manner:
Contracting party: GS FINTECH UAB
The Data Protection Officer
Address: Vilnius,  Eišiškių  Sodų  18 oji  str.  11,  LT-02194, Lithuania
Email address: dpo@bake.io
Last updated:
10 Jan 2025