Please enable JavaScript for full functionality.
Privacy
Barclays customers please familiarise yourself with our Privacy and Cookies information detailed below.
Barclays Bank UK customers please familiarise yourself with the Privacy Policy contained at the following link -
Barclays Bank UK Privacy Policy
‡ (opens in a new window)
1.0 Privacy
1.1 General Principles
Barclays is committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information. By 'your information' we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide to us, that we will handle in accordance with the Barclays Privacy Principles:
We will only collect and use your information where we have lawful grounds and legitimate business reasons to do so
We will be transparent in our dealings with you and will tell you about how we will collect and use your information
If we have collected your information for a particular purpose we will not use it for anything else unless you have been informed and, where relevant, your permission obtained
We will not ask for more information than we need for the purposes for which we are collecting it
We will update our records when you inform us that your details have changed
We will continue to review and assess the quality of our information
We will implement and adhere to information retention policies relating to your information and will ensure that your information is securely disposed of at the end of the appropriate retention period
We will observe the rights granted to you under applicable privacy and data protection laws and will ensure that queries relating to privacy issues are promptly and transparently dealt with
We will train our staff on their privacy obligations
We will ensure we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your information regardless of where it is held
We will ensure that when we outsource any processes we ensure the supplier has appropriate security measures in place and will contractually require them to comply with these Privacy Principles
We will ensure that suitable safeguards are in place before personal information is transferred to other countries.
1.2 Information we collect
If you register to use our secure services such as internet banking facilities we will ask you to provide some information about yourself for security, identification and verification purposes. When completing any online forms, we will tell you how your information will be used, unless this is obvious.
If you are asked to provide information about others you must ensure that you have their consent or are otherwise entitled to provide this information to us.
1.3 How we use your information
We may use your information for research and statistical analysis with the aim of improving our services.
We may pass your information collected online to people who provide a service to us or are acting as our agents, on the understanding that they will keep the information confidential. If we transfer your information to an agent or service provider located in another country, we will make sure that they agree to apply the same levels of protection as we are required to apply to your information and to use your information strictly in accordance with our instructions.
We will retain information collected about you online for as long as permitted for legitimate business purposes.
Corporate Banking customers: For more detailed information on how and why we use your information, including the rights in relation to your personal data, and our legal grounds for using it, please go to the Corporate Banking
Customer Privacy Notice
at or you can request a copy from us.
1.4 Security
To find out about how we will keep your information secure and how you can protect your own information online, please read our
Security Information
.
Contact us
If you have any questions about privacy at Barclays, please contact the Barclays Privacy Team at 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP.
Barclays uses cookies on this website. They help us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website, which improves the browsing experience and marketing – both for you and for others. They are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. To accept cookies please click “Accept All”, or click “Manage Cookies” to see other options. For more information and preferences go to the
cookie policy
(opens in a new window). You will see this message only once.
Accept All
Reject All
Manage Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas. Without these cookies, services you've asked for can't be provided. These cookies don’t gather information about you that is used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet. As this category of cookie is essential for Digital Channels to work it cannot be disabled.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use a website, for example which pages you go to most often and if you get error messages from certain pages. These cookies don't gather information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how a website works. These cookies are not used to target you with online marketing. Without these cookies we can't learn how our website is performing and make relevant improvements that could better your browsing experience.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow a website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you're in) and tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you. For instance, the website may be able to provide you with local branch information or contact details. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you've made to text size, font and other parts of pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you've asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Without these cookies, a website cannot remember choices you've previously made or personalise your browsing experience.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are used to tailor marketing to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Although these cookies can track your visits to other websites, they don’t usually know who you are. Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests.
Save and Close
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.barclays.co.uk/important-information/control-your-data/:
Skip to:
Main content
Footer
Control your privacy and data
The General Data Protection Regulation
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
We’re committed to keeping your personal data safe and we’re happy for you to ask us about it.
If you have a general query about your account or if we’ve closed your account and you’d like to know why, the quickest way to find out is to call us on 03457 345 345.
(1)
Our continued commitment to you
Our focus on respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data remains as strong as ever. We’ve updated our privacy notices to reflect the new and strengthened rights in relation to your personal data, and the legal grounds for using it.
We’re committed to
Keeping your data safe
Giving you control and flexibility
Providing useful and timely information
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Keeping you in control
We’ll always keep your data safe
We’re committed to respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data. We’ll only retain your data for as long as is necessary and we’ll always dispose of it safely.
If we’re required by law to share your data with other organisations, such as the government, we do so securely and we don’t share more than we need to. When we ask other companies to process data on our behalf we’ll always make sure they follow similarly high standards. Sometimes we use data to support government initiatives, but any reports that we publish will always be anonymous.
How we use your data
We use your data to ensure we process your transactions safely and securely. It can also help us to personalise your experience and develop new services that we think you’ll like. For example, we use customer spending data to develop our cashback offers, which give you money back on qualifying purchases. Data can also help us to focus on the needs of individuals – we take extra care when dealing with vulnerable customers, and we never send marketing material to children.
Whether it’s to deliver products and services to you and others, or to follow legal requirements, we’ll always be clear and open with you about how and why we’re using your data. And if you need more detail, we’ll always keep our privacy notices where you can find them easily.
Decide how you want to see information about offers, products and services from us by updating your
contact preferences
.
How data makes things easier
Sharing some personal data with us is essential for you to be able to use our services securely. For example, it means we can quickly get in touch with you if we think there’s fraud on your account. Knowing more about our customers also means we’ve been able to help them out and provide extra support during difficult times, such as after a major incident or during the collapse of a large employer. We can also help you interact with other organisations – our
Identity Service
verifies you so you can access government services such as tax self-assessment securely.
We never forget it’s your personal data
You’ve trusted us with your data, and in return we’ll give you the control you need. You can decide how we contact you with offers of products and services or information we think you may be interested in.
It’s straightforward to keep your personal details up to date using Online Banking, our mobile banking app, by phone or in one of our branches, and we’ll always make it easy for you to change your mind about how we contact you.
About the GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) became effective from 25 May 2018.
Personal data could be used to identify you. It includes your name and contact details, and can also include data about your transactions or your use of our services.
What does the GDPR mean?
The GDPR aims to give you more control of your data. It provides new and strengthened rights.
Right to access
– you can ask us whether we’re processing your personal data, including where and for what purpose. You can also request an electronic copy of your personal data free of charge
Right to restrict processing
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us to restrict our use of your personal data
Right to rectification
– you can ask us to correct inaccurate personal data we hold about you
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us to erase your personal data
Right to data portability
– you can ask us to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a commonly used electronic format, so that you can transfer it to other businesses
Right to object to automated decision-making
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us not to make automated decisions about you based on your personal data that produce significant legal effects
Right to lodge a complaint
– you can lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
Do I need to do anything?
You don’t need to do anything.
We haven't changed the ways we use your personal data. Our privacy notices provide additional detail about this, in particular
Who we are, our contact details and the contact details of our data protection officer
The types of personal data we collect about you and, where we don’t collect it from you, who we collect it from
The recipients or categories of recipients of your personal data, if any
The legal basis for using your personal data
Where applicable, if we intend to store, process or transfer your personal data to a third country or international organisation
How long we keep your personal data after our relationship with you has ended (for example, after you stop banking with us or using our platforms)
Automated decisions we make about you – for example we use technology to help identify that someone else may be using your card without your permission
Your rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you
About our privacy notices
We may change our privacy notices and add new privacy notices in the future, so we recommend that you check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
Your privacy documents
Personal
[PDF, 276KB]
Business Banking
[PDF, 308KB]
Barclaycard
[PDF, 337KB]
Under 18s
[PDF, 170KB]
Wealth Management & Investments
[PDF, 684KB]
Your choices
Manage your data requests and the information you receive from us.
Request your data
Ask us to send you your personal data.
If you have a general query about your account or if we’ve closed your account and you’d like to know why, the quickest way to find out is to call us on 03457 345 345.
(1)
Request data
Marketing choices
Ask us to stop using your personal data in a particular way.
Stop marketing
Other objections
Ask us to stop using your personal data to send you information about offers, products and services.
Object to data
Move your data
Request your personal data so you can share it with another organisation.
Move data
Request data deletion
Ask us to delete your personal data.
Data deletion
Check contact details
Ensure your personal contact information is correct.
Contact details
Access your data request
If you’ve asked us for a copy of your personal data and we’ve sent you an access code by post, you can use it here.
Access my request
Important information
We’re here Monday to Friday from 8am to 8pm, and Saturdays from 9am to 5pm. To maintain a quality service, we may monitor and record phone calls.
Call charges
(Return to reference)
We have to use some essential cookies to make this website work. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile
device. We also use other optional cookies to:
Analyse how you use the site
Personalise and improve your site experience
Deliver personalised content and messaging from ourselves and third parties
You can either accept or reject these optional cookies or select 'Manage cookies' to change your preference at any time. See our
cookie policy
page for more information.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.barclayscorporate.com/general-info/customer-privacy-notice.html:
Barclays uses cookies on this website. Some cookies are essential to provide our services to you. Other cookies help us to analyse how you use the site, so we can improve your experience on our site. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. Please select 'Accept all' to consent to cookies, or select ‘Reject all’ to reject all but essential cookies’, or select 'Manage cookies' to change your preferences. For more information visit our
cookie policy
.
-
Back to:
Privacy
Customer Privacy Notice
The link below contains the Customer Privacy Notice as referred to in the Corporate Banking Customer Agreements/Regulatory Information Guides.
The Customer Privacy Notice provides Corporate Banking customers with details of why and how Barclays will collect and process personal data, including the following information:
Personal data Barclays collects
What Barclays uses personal data for and on what basis
Individuals' rights over their personal data
Information sharing
Credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies
International transfer of personal data
Retention of personal data
Cookies
Contact information
Download the full Customer Privacy Notice – English (PDF 193KB)
See our
Cookies Policy
:
Important information