Privacy Policy
admin
2023-03-29T10:04:21+01:00
At the Dennehy’s Health & Fitness website, we understand that privacy is an important issue for visitors to the Dennehy’s Health & Fitness Internet website and its related domains. The following information is designed to help visitors understand what information we collect from our site, and how we handle and use the information after that.
Information collection and use
Dennehy’s Health & Fitness is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Dennehy’s Health & Fitness may collect information from our users at several different points on our website.
Updating Data and the Right to be forgotten
You must inform Dennehy’s Health & Fitness of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 2018, we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly.
For more information click here
. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data erased from our database (following membership termination), please email us with a request to the email address of your primary Dennehy’s Health & Fitness site.
General enquiries
If a user contacts Dennehy’s Health & Fitness with a general enquiry, the user may need to provide Dennehy’s Health & Fitness with personal information (for example contact details). Dennehy’s Health & Fitness will use this personal information to respond to the enquiry and track further correspondence. Personal information collected is not used for any other purpose.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a site transfers to a visitor’s hard disk or browser for added functionality or for tracking site usage. In order to measure the effectiveness of our online presence, Dennehy’s Health & Fitness website may use cookies to determine the path users take on our site and to identify repeat visitors of our site. We do not use cookies to gather personal information such as a person’s name or e-mail address.
External links
The Dennehy’s Health & Fitness website may contain links to other sites. Please take note that Dennehy’s Health & Fitness is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Changes to Dennehy’s Health & Fitness privacy policy
Dennehy’s Health & Fitness may, from time to time, make changes to this policy. We recommend that users of this site re-visit this privacy policy on occasion to learn of new privacy practices or changes to our policy.
[floating_div_ps name=”join-now”]
Close product quick view
×