Privacy Policy
Effective July 2, 2020
Protecting your privacy is important to us. Accordingly, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy applies only to those websites, services and applications included within “Services” and doesn’t apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
DO WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION?
In short, We do not store any kind of data. It’s physically not possible. We don’t own any kind of Data center.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Services often connects with Service Providers. We may use them to deliver the services or other purposes as to host our website, process your payments, and offer some functionalities. As an example, we use Google Firebase as a mobile and web application platform (back-end-as-a-service).
Our Apps contain tools from third party service providers, such as Apple or Google, enable these third parties to separately collect and/or analyze non-personally identifiable information from the users’ devices in accordance with such third parties’ own privacy policies.
We do collect behavioural information about you when you are using the free versions of our Services. This behavioural information is shared with third-party partners to conduct interest-based advertising.
Third parties have access to mobile advertising identifiers which are then used to serve the ads. We can use other parties than AdMob to deliver interest-based advertising.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we advise you to check their terms of use and privacy policies to find out how they are treating your personal information.
POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
If MBRB makes any changes to this Policy, these changes will be detailed on this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed. If you are concerned about how your information is collected, used or disclosed, you should periodically check back at this page.
QUESTIONS?
Please contact us at
office@mbrbapp.com
if you have any questions about our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy