Privacy Policy
Condeco considers paramount the safeguards of personal data of our website visitors. For this reasons Condeco is fully compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation issued by the European Union (GDPR). This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Home
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including Names, Job Title, Company Name, Email Address, Telephone Number, Country, Interests).
Any other information that you choose to send to us.
Cookies
To make full use of the personalised features on the website, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of this website by using them.
Our cookies don’t store sensitive information such as your name, address: they simply hold the ‘key’ that, once you’re signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you’d prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from our website, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Cookies References
Cookie
Purpose
Provider
__ar*, __adroll
AdRoll ‘remarketing cookie’, used to provide interest-based advertisements to show our ads on other websites.
Adroll
__cfduid*
Used to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis.
Cloudflare
__distillery, muxData, wistia-*
Cookies set by wistia for its video player and video behaviour.
Wistia
__gads, DSID, IDE, bdfSurf
These cookies set by a third party (DoubleClick) and are used for serving targeted advertisements that are relevant to you across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to you based on your previous visits to this website. For more information, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
– Disabling steps go here –
adssettings.google.com
Google – DoubleClick
__hs*, hubspotutk, hsPagesViewedThisSession, hsfirstvisit, messagesUtk, __hluid, __cfduid
Cookies set by HubSpot to keep track of visitors on Condeco.
HubSpot
__utm*
Google Analytics non-personally identifiable information used for website analytics.
Google
_Condecopolicy, visited
Allows Condeco to track user acceptance of our cookie policy, user tracking, for serving a better experience to our users.
Condeco Software
_ga, _gid
Google Analytics cookie, used to distinguish users.
Google
_hj*
Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set to understand visitor interactions and analytics.
Hotjar
_mp_*
These cookies are used to analyze activity on our website and application in order to improve the user experience. This information is shared with Mixpanel.
Mixpanel
_uetsid, MUIDB, MUID
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking (UET) tracking cookie.
Microsoft
_vwo_uuid
This cookie generates a unique ID for every visitor and is used for the report segmentation feature in VWO.
VWO
fs_uid
These cookies are used to analyze activity on our website and application in order to improve the user experience. This information is shared with FullStory.
FullStory
Specific Cookie descriptions
HubSpot
Our Site also employs HubSpot, which collects personal identifying information by using javascript and cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. HubSpot’s products help us to identify Site visitors, analyze email campaigns, track Site contact forms and monitor Google AdWords click through. Anonymous visitor tracking information may be shared with other HubSpot customers. For more information about HubSpot cookies, please visit
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy
HotJar
Hotjar is an analytics and feedback tool that we use to understand how our website is used and improve usability. Hotjar sets cookies to help us track behaviour across pages and to control visitor polls. The cookies carry no personally identifiable information. For more information on HotJar Cookies please visit:
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookies
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
FullStory
We use FullStory to see our website through our users’ eyes. FullStory’s session replay and analytics capabilities help us troubleshoot bugs, support customers, and build better experiences. Learn more about
FullStory.
3rd party tags
We use tags from 3rd party suppliers dedicated to helping us improve the relevance of our advertising banners, both on our website and across the web where we have advertisements on other websites. Our advertising policy is designed to give you the most relevant adverts possible. A tag is simply a way for us to identify if a specific page was viewed by a customer and use that information to form a more accurate advertising strategy.
What is a Cookie and how to manage them
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use session cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. We will use the session cookies for the following purposes: To prevent accidental contact form resubmissions.
Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking Tools, Internet Options, Privacy, and selecting Block all cookies using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information for the following purposes.
To enable your use of the services available on the website.
To send to you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications).
To deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees and subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
All our subcontractors are compliant with personal data protection laws. Condeco has in place legally binding agreements with their subcontractors. Nevertheless, Condeco remains responsible for the processing of personal data.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances.
To the extent that we are required to disclose information by law.
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Condeco is certified according to ISO 27001:2013 and CSA STAR standards: we will store all the personal information you provide on our certified IT infrastructure.
Moreover, data at rest in our systems and in transit over the Internet are always encrypted.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
In particular, you may raise a request (DSAR – Data Subject Access Request) sending a e-mail at the following address
privacy@condecosoftware.com
and specifying the code of your specific request as follows:
access (DSAR-01)
rectification (DSAR-02)
erasure (DSAR-03)
restriction of processing (DSAR-04)
data portability (DSAR-05)
objection to profiling (DSAR-06)
We remind you that, even if you have explicitly opted-in to receive our communications, you may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Condeco Sub-processors
The trading entities within the Condeco group use various sub-processors to assist in the delivery of the Condeco services. These sub-processors may process your personal data if you use Condeco Enterprise.
Third parties (Sub-processors)
We’ve broken the list of Sub-processors into relevant sections, to give you greater understanding over how these services have access to your information.
Infrastructure Sub-processors – Service Data Storage
Condeco uses Microsoft Azure for cloud hosting services as a logical service. We complete a vendor review to ensure that the Microsoft Azure service has ISO27001 and CSA Star certification that mirrors our own. In addition, we have reviewed the SOC2 and SOC3 reports as well as their privacy policies
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trust-center/privacy
and security controls
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/fundamentals/physical-security
.
We have an Enterprise Agreement in place with Microsoft for use of the online services as well as SLA management https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/support/legal/sla/ , and as part of our partnership with Microsoft, we have regular vendor review meetings with our account management team at Microsoft.
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Location
Microsoft Azure
Cloud Infrastructure Hosting
As per agreed geographic location of instance
Condeco Group Affiliate Sub-processors
In addition to the listed Infrastructure Sub-processors, Condeco is supported by the following Condeco Affiliate(s) for operational, customer and technical support for the delivery of Condeco services.
Affiliate Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Location
Condeco Software Private Ltd
Customer Support
India
Cloud Operations
Service Specific Sub-processors
Condeco works with other third parties to provide specific functions or features within the Condeco service. These providers will have limited access to relevant personal information (both in an identifiable and anonymous manner) in order to provide their relevant functions. The use of information is limited to the specific purposes we’ve detailed below:
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Location
PostMark
Transactional Email Management
USA
SendGrid
Transactional Email Management
USA
UserVoice
Customer Feedback Engagement
USA
ProxyClick Sub-processors
If you use the ProxyClick product, the following sub-processors may process your personal data.
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Location
SendGrid Inc.
Email notifications
US
Twilio Inc.
SMS notifications
US
PubNub Inc.
Data pushed into the apps
US
Microsoft Azure
Hosting
Amsterdam, Dublin, Paris
Bugsnag Inc.
Error and crash reporting (Dashboard)
US
Raygun Ltd
Error and crash reporting (iOS)
NZ
[Only if ID match feature is used] Acuant Inc.
ID scanning
US
Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd
Face API, access control system and wifi & backup
The Netherlands, Ireland
[Only if wifi integration is used] Ironwifi LCC
Wifi integration
US
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company
Support
Ireland
HubSpot Ireland Ltd.
CRM
Ireland, US
Support Your App Ltd.
Support
US
GDPR Policy
If you are interested to view our GDPR Policy, you may
download it here
.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to our Data Protection Officer by email or by post to the following address:
James Carder
Chief Information Security Officer (DPA)
E
privacy@condecosoftware.com
Request a demo.
To speak to our team and
get a live demo
, please fill out the form below and we’ll get back to you.
Trusted by businesses worldwide
//
Home
Flexible Work
Products
Schedule
Calendar
Mobile App
Web Management
Book
Meeting Room
Desk Booking
Manage
Integrations
Solutions
Customers
About
About Us
FAQs
Careers
Resources
Contact
Contact Us
Customer Support
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Customer support
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Español
Request a demo
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:

Sub-policy 1
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy:
Knowledge Base
right
Account & Setup
right
Privacy & Consent
right
Cookies set on HubSpot's websites
All products and plans
HubSpot is committed to privacy and protecting individual rights on the internet.
When you visit HubSpot websites for example, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, HubSpot automatically collects information using tracking technologies like cookies and tracking pixels.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate through websites, and to gather demographic information about HubSpot's user base. Learn more about
how HubSpot use cookies on its websites and how to manage your cookie preferences
.
HubSpot websites
Some of the HubSpot websites you might be visiting are:
www.hubspot.com
www.hubspot.de
www.hubspot.fr
www.hubspot.es
www.hubspot.jp
br.hubspot.com
app.hubspot.com (the HubSpot product)
www.inbound.com
connect.com
ecosystem.hupspot.com
academy.hubspot.com
community.hubspot.com
thehustle.co
ir.hubspot.com
Please note:
tracking pixels (e.g, ptq.gifs) are used to record anonymous data, such as page views and clicks. These don’t store any personal information and are not considered cookies.
If your site is hosted on the HubSpot product or uses the HubSpot tracking code, learn more about
cookies set in a visitor's browser by HubSpot
.
Learn about cookies
HubSpot websites use different types of cookies. Some cookies are necessary for the websites and services to function properly. Others are optional and help HubSpot to perform analytics, provide different functionality, or engage in targeted advertising.
Below is a list of the types of cookies may be set on your browser when you visit a HubSpot website.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies are cookies that are required for HubSpot's sites to function properly. The table below includes some examples of necessary cookies.
Cookie name
Vendor
Purpose
__cfduid
Cloudflare
Detection of malicious actors.
__hs_opt_out
HubSpot
Used by the cookie banner to remember not to ask the visitor to accept cookies again.
_hs_cookie_cat_pref
HubSpot
Saves the preferences chosen by the visitor from the cookie banner.
laboratory-anonymous-id
HubSpot
Session-based cookie platform to show and group individual user sessions in an anonymous and non-identifiable way, to allow
HubSpot.com
to work properly. It's discarded at the end of a session.
hs_login_email
HubSpot
Verifies the users email for log-in purposes to the HubSpot product.
hsgn
HubSpot
Necessary for login to the HubSpot product
ak_bmsc
Akami
Used by Akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots. bm_sv.
Hubspotapi
Hubspot
Allows the user to access the app with the correct permissions.
Hubspotapi-csrf
Hubspot
Used for CSRF prevention - preventing third party websites from accessing your data.
Hubspotapi-lax
Hubspot
Test cookie HubSpot uses to identify if the user’s browser accepts SameSite Lax cookies. It helps determine if HubSpot can make the Hubspotapi cookie SameSite Lax in the future, which is currently set as
SameSite None
.
Hubspotapi-prefs
Hubspot
Used with the hubspotapi cookie to remember whether the user checked the "remember me" box (controls the expiration of the main cookie's authentication).
Hubspotapi-strict
Hubspot
Similar to hubspotapi-lax, a test cookie which HubSpot uses to identify if the user’s browser accepts SameSite Strict cookies. It helps us determine if HubSpot can make the Hubspotapi cookie SameSite Strict in the future, which is currently set as
SameSite None
.
hs_langswitcher_choice
Hubspot
Sets browser language for user.
gbu9uvfhph6a0mdatwbzomssrlboczvs
E-Hawk Talon
Used to prevent fraudulent signups on their sign-up pages. It expires at the end of the session.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies are used to enhance the performance of a website. They're non-essential cookies controlled by the cookie banner. Without them, certain functions of the website may not be available.
If you're a visitor to a HubSpot site, you can opt out of funtionality cookies or manage your cookie preferences using the option provided in the cookie banner or the
Manage cookies
link in your browser.
The table below includes some examples of functionality cookies.
Cookie name
Vendor
Purpose
messagesUtk
HubSpot
This is the cookie used for
the
chatflows tool
. If you're a visitor, you can chat with a an agent on the site.
__hs_cookie_cat_pref
HubSpot
Records your category preference from the cookie banner after selection.
hs_high_contrast
HubSpot
Sets high-contrast settings on the site for the user.
gbu9uvfhph6a0mdatwbzomssrlboczvs
E-Hawk Talon
Used to prevent fraudulent signups on their sign-up pages. It expires at the end of the session.
Analytics cookies
Analytics cookies are non-essential cookies controlled by the cookie banner. They're used to track how users navigate and interact with the website. The information collected is used to help us improve the website.
If you're a visitor to a HubSpot site, you can opt out of analytics cookies or manage your cookie preferences using the option provided in the cookie banner or the
Manage cookies
link in your browser.
The table below includes some examples of analytics cookies.
Cookie name
Vendor
Purpose
_ga
Google
The main cookie used by Google Analytics, enables the service to distinguish one visitor from another.
_gid
Google
Used for Google Analytics to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
__hssc
HubSpot
Tracks sessions. This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp. It expires in 30 minutes.
__hssrc
HubSpot
Whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if the visitor has restarted their browser. If this cookie doesn't exist when HubSpot manages cookies, it's considered a new session. It contains the value "1" when present. It expires at the end of the session.
__hstc
HubSpot
The main cookie used for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, HubSpotutk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session). It expires in six months.
hs-messages-is-open
HubSpot
Used to determine and save whether the chat widget is open for future visits.
It's set in your visitor's browser when they start a new chat, and resets to re-close the widget after 30 minutes of inactivity.
Hubspotutk
HubSpot
Keeps track of a visitor's identity. It's passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
It contains an opaque GUID to represent the current visitor.
__utma
Google
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exist. It's updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Advertisement cookies
Advertisement cookies are ad-pixel cookies (such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Google). They're used to track user behavior, gather insights for us to deliver tailored ads to you.
If you're a visitor to a HubSpot site, you can opt out of advertisement cookies or manage your cookie preferences using the option provided in the cookie banner or the
Manage cookies
link in your browser.
You may have certain rights regarding the collection and use of your data under applicable data protections laws including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt out of having your information disclosed to advertising vendors, you can opt in your
Privacy Preferences
or through the
Your Privacy Choices
link in the footer of HubSpot website.
The table below includes some examples of advertisement cookies.
Cookie Name
Vendor
Purpose
UserMatchHistory
LinkedIn
These cookies are set by LinkedIn for advertising purposes, including: tracking visitors so that more relevant ads can be presented; allowing users to use the
Apply with LinkedIn
or the
Sign-in with LinkedIn
functions, collecting information about how visitors use the site, etc.
bscookie
LinkedIn
Used by LinkedIn to track the use of embedded services. LinkedIn "drops" on third party sites.
bcookie
LinkedIn
Browser Identifier cookie to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform and for diagnostic purposes.
_fbp
Facebook
A third-party cookie placed by Facebook and identified as the cookie that reports that behavior to Facebook. Facebook can then use the data it collects to understand that user better and show better, more relevant advertising.
_gcl_au
Google
Stores campaign information to provide Google Ads with a more reliable way to measure the interactions customers have with your business.
_uetsid
Bing
Used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
Bing
Used by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows HubWSpot to engage with a user that has previously visited a HubSpot website.
Privacy & Consent
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Thanks for letting us know. How would you describe this article?
Inaccurate: it doesn’t reflect what I see in the product
Unclear: it’s difficult to understand
Missing information: it’s not comprehensive enough
Irrelevant: it doesn’t match what I searched for
Great! Is there anything we could change to make it even more helpful?
Is there anything we could change to make this article helpful?
Allow HubSpot to contact me about my documentation feedback.
Email address
Only used if we need clarification on your feedback.
Thank you for your feedback, it means a lot to us.
Sorry this feedback form requires JavaScript to function.
This form is used for documentation feedback only. Learn how to
get help with HubSpot
.
0 / 0
Table of contents
HubSpot websites
Learn about cookies
down
Menu  Learn about cookies
Necessary cookies
Functionality cookies
Analytics cookies
Advertisement cookies
Related content
Table of contents
/privacy-and-consent/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy
Menu
Related content
Sub-policy 2
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trust-center/privacy:
Trace Id is missing
Learn more about how Microsoft enables trustworthy AI by prioritizing security, privacy, and safety.
Read the blog
Data protection and privacy
We understand that when you use our cloud services, you’re entrusting us with one of your most valuable assets—your data.
At Microsoft, we value, protect, and defend data privacy. We believe in transparency, so that people and organizations can control their data and have meaningful choices in how it's used. We empower and defend the data privacy choices of every person who uses our products and services.
Learn about Compliance with the EU transfer Requirements
Control your data
Where your data is located
Securing your data
Defending your data
Control your data
Control your data
Where your data is located
Securing your data
Defending your data
You control your data
Our time-tested approach to data privacy is grounded in our commitment to give you control over the data you put in the cloud. In other words,
you control your data
. Microsoft guarantees this with the contractual commitments we make to you.
Your data belongs to you
Your data is your business, and you may access, modify, or delete it at any time. Microsoft will not use your data without your agreement, and when we have your agreement, we will use your data to provide only the services you have chosen.
Learn more
Stay protected by privacy laws
Your control over your data is reinforced by Microsoft compliance with broadly applicable privacy laws, such as GDPR and privacy standards. These include the world’s first international code of practice for cloud privacy, ISO/IEC 27018.
Learn more about GDPR
Learn more about ISO/IEC 27018
Independent audit reports
You have access to independent audit reports of our compliance with privacy standards. These audit reports also help you meet  your own privacy obligations.
Learn more about independent audit reports
Data processing only with consent
We only process your data based on your agreement and in accordance with the strict policies and procedures that we have contractually agreed to. We don’t share your data with advertiser-supported services or mine it for any purposes, such as marketing research or advertising.
Learn about Microsoft Product Terms
Data restrictions for subcontractors
Subcontractors or subprocessors deployed by Microsoft to perform work that requires access to your data can perform only the functions they were hired to provide. They’re bound by the same contractual privacy commitments that Microsoft makes to you. The Microsoft Online Services
Subprocessor List
identifies authorized subprocessors who have been audited in advance against a stringent set of security and privacy requirements.
Learn about subprocessor list notifications
Know where your data is located and how it’s used
When you use Microsoft commercial cloud services, we’ll help you choose the service and data location that’s right for your business.
Learn more
Choose a datacenter
Use the tools and options available with Microsoft online services such as Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics 365 and Power Platform, and Microsoft 365 to determine where you want to store your data.
Learn more about Microsoft Azure
Learn more about Microsoft Dynamics 365 and Power Platform
Choose where your data resides
Microsoft offers data residency around the world, helping to ensure that resiliency and compliance requirements can be honored within geographic boundaries. We back these capabilities with contractual commitments and transparency regarding how we store and process your data.
Learn more about Microsoft 365 services
We secure your data at rest and in transit
With advanced encryption, Microsoft helps protect your data both at rest and in transit. Our encryption protocols erect barriers against unauthorized access to the data, including two or more independent encryption layers to safeguard against compromises of any one layer.
Data at rest
The Microsoft Cloud employs a wide range of encryption capabilities up to AES-256, giving you the flexibility to choose the solution that’s best for your business.
Data in transit
Microsoft uses and enables the use of industry-standard encrypted transport protocols, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Internet Protocol Security (IPsec).
Encryption keys
All Microsoft-managed encryption keys are properly secured and offer the use of technologies such as Azure Key Vault to help you control access to passwords, encryption keys, and other secrets.
We defend your data
Microsoft defends your data through clearly defined and well-established response policies and processes, strong contractual commitments, and if necessary, the courts. We believe all government requests for your data should be addressed to you. We don’t give any government direct or unfettered access to customer data.
How we respond to data requests
We will not disclose data to a government or law enforcement agency, except as you direct or where required by law. Microsoft scrutinizes all government demands to ensure they are legally valid and appropriate.
How we handle law enforcement requests
If Microsoft receives a request for your data, we will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the request unless legally prohibited from doing so. Moreover, we will direct the requesting party to seek the data directly from you.
Learn more
Our contractual commitments
Our contractual commitments to our enterprise and public sector customers include defending your data, which builds on our existing protections. We will challenge every government request for commercial and public sector customer data where we can lawfully do so. We have a proven track record of successfully challenging government demands in the courts when those demands are inconsistent with the rule of law, and we are transparent about the number of US national security orders we receive.
Learn more about how far we’ll go
Learn more about US national security orders received
GDPR compliance
We stand behind the strength of our GDPR compliance and other data protection safeguards. To provide added reassurance against liability for our commercial and public sector customers, we will provide monetary compensation if we disclose their data in response to a government request in violation of the EU’s GDPR.
Learn more
Our promise to you
We are transparent about the specific policies, operational practices, and technologies that help ensure the privacy of your data in every Microsoft commercial cloud service.
And we don’t just state these promises—we guarantee them in our standard contracts for commercial and public sector customers.
Microsoft Product Terms
Microsoft Data Protection Addendum
Follow Microsoft