Privacy Policy
プライバシーポリシー
This page is used to inform website visitors about our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of
    personal information if someone decides to use our service, TwiNote. increase.
By choosing to use our services, you consent to the collection and use of information related to this policy. The
    personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the Service. We do not use or share your information
    with others except as described in this Privacy Policy. Our privacy policy was created using the
privacy policy template generator
.
このページは、誰かが当社のサービスである TwiNoteを使用することを決定した場合に、個人情報の収集、使用、および開示に関する当社のポリシーについて Web サイト訪問者に通知するために使用されます。
    当社のサービスを使用することを選択した場合、このポリシーに関連する情報の収集と使用に同意したことになります。 当社が収集する個人情報は、本サービスの提供および改善のために使用されます。
    このプライバシーポリシーに記載されている場合を除き、お客様の情報を使用したり、他の人と共有したりすることはありません。 当社のプライバシー ポリシーは、
プライバシー ポリシー テンプレート ジェネレーター
を利用して作成されました。
Information Collection and Use
情報の収集と使用
In order to use our services more comfortably, we may ask you to provide us with certain information, such as: The
    information we collect is used to contact or identify you.
Google Play Services
AdMob
Additional Restrictions on Use of Google User Data
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, if you provide an app with access to the following types of
    Google data, your app's use of that data is subject to these additional restrictions:
The app only uses access to read, write and modify Google Drive data for cloud storage purposes and does not
    transfer
    this Google Drive data to others.
The app does not use this Google Drive data to serve ads.
Notes are not stored on the server. Notes are saved in your Google Drive folder. Your use of Google Drive is
    subject
    to the Google Drive Terms of Service.
当社のサービスをより快適にご利用いただくために、以下のような特定の情報を提供していただく場合があります。 当社が収集する情報は、お客様への連絡または識別に使用されます。
Google Playサービス
AdMob
Googleユーザーデータの使用に関する追加の制限
このプライバシーポリシーの他の規定にかかわらず、次の種類のGoogleデータへのアクセスをアプリに提供した場合、アプリによるそのデータの使用には、これらの追加制限が適用されます。
アプリは、クラウドストレージの目的でGoogleドライブデータの読み取り、書き込み、変更にのみアクセスを使用し、このGoogleドライブデータを他のユーザーに転送しません。
アプリは、広告の配信にこのGoogleドライブデータを使用しません。
メモはサーバーに保存されません。メモはGoogle Driveフォルダーに保存されます。 Googleドライブの使用には、Googleドライブ利用規約が適用されます。
Log Data
ログデータ
We want to inform you that we collect information sent by your browser called log data whenever you visit our
    services. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser
    version, the pages of the Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages,
    and
    other statistics. there is.
お客様が当社のサービスにアクセスするたびに、ログ データと呼ばれるブラウザから送信される情報を収集することをお知らせします。 このログ データには、コンピュータのインターネット プロトコル (「IP」)
    アドレス、ブラウザのバージョン、アクセスしたサービスのページ、アクセスした日時、それらのページに費やした時間、およびその他の統計などの情報が含まれる場合があります。
Service Providers
サービス プロバイダ
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason
    is
    to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the
    information for any other purpose.
次の理由により、サードパーティの企業や個人を採用する場合があります:
当社のサービスを促進するため
当社に代わってサービスを提供するため
サービス関連のサービスを実行するため。 または
当社のサービスがどのように使用されているかの分析を支援するため。
これらの第三者があなたの個人情報にアクセスできることをサービスのユーザーに通知したいと思います。 その理由は、私たちに代わって彼らに割り当てられたタスクを実行するためです。
    ただし、他の目的で情報を開示または使用しないことが義務付けられています。
Security
セキュリティ
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable
    means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
    storage
    is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
私たちは、あなたの個人情報を提供してくださるあなたの信頼を大切にしています。そのため、商業的に受け入れられる手段を使用して個人情報を保護するよう努めています。 ただし、インターネットを介した送信方法や電子ストレージの方法は
    100%
    安全で信頼できるものではなく、絶対的なセキュリティを保証することはできません。
Links to Other Sites
他のサイトへのリンク
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that
    site.
    Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy
    Policy
    of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
    practices of any third-party sites or services.
当社のサービスには、他のサイトへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。 サードパーティのリンクをクリックすると、そのサイトに移動します。 これらの外部サイトは当社によって運営されていないことに注意してください。
    したがって、これらの
    Web サイトのプライバシー ポリシーを確認することを強くお勧めします。 サードパーティのサイトやサービスのコンテンツ、プライバシー ポリシー、または慣行を管理することはできず、責任も負わないものとします。
Changes to This Privacy Policy
このプライバシー ポリシーの変更
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any
    changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are
    effective
    immediately, after they are posted on this page.
当社は、プライバシー ポリシーを随時更新する場合があります。 したがって、変更がないか定期的にこのページを確認することをお勧めします。 このページに新しいプライバシーポリシーを掲載することにより、変更を通知します。
    これらの変更は、このページに掲載された直後に有効になります。
Contact Us
お問い合わせ
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at
    chartreux1106@gmail.com.
当社のプライバシー ポリシーについてご質問やご提案がございましたら、 chartreux1106@gmail.comまで お気軽にお問い合わせください。
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacypolicytemplate.net/:
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Template Generator
Practically every single website worth anything out there has a Privacy Policy page that it can turn to whenever issues about privacy come up with users. That's why you really need to have a privacy policy, but it's not exactly that easy to make one, not if you really want to cover all of your bases. This is why you may want to look into the matter of
privacy policy template generator
(like ours here!) since it comes with quite a few benefits.
A privacy policy
is a legal document that details how a website gathers, stores, shares, and sells data about its visitors. This data typically includes items such as a user's name, address, birthday, marital status, medical history, and consumer behavior.
The specific contents of a privacy policy document depend upon the laws in the legal jurisdiction in which your business operates. Most countries have their own set of guidelines regarding what information is eligible for collection, and how that information may be used. Privacy laws include GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, PIPEDA, Australia Privacy Act and many more.
When it comes to legal documents, it is best not to take chances. Fortunately,
it's easy to get a free privacy policy in just a few minutes.
All you have to do is fill up the blank spaces on the right and we will create help you create
your own personalized privacy policy template for your business.
The accuracy of the generated document on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Looking for a Terms and Conditions Template?
Check out
Terms and Conditions Generator
.
Questions & Answers about Privacy Policies
Is A Privacy Policy Necessary?
In a word, absolutely. A privacy policy isn't just about telling your users what they can expected from your website, products, and services. It's about protecting you against potential liabilities that could arise from those aspects. It doesn't even have to be the users that go after you but also government agencies since they can be real sticklers for details.
More than the actual consequences of not having a privacy policy, it also helps to legitimize your website's authority if you have one. It just comes parts and parcel with having a successful online business.
What's A Privacy Policy Template?
For the most part, a privacy policy template is just what it sounds like. It's a template that was already made by somebody else and that you can use for your own website if you wanted to. This is incredibly helpful because creating a privacy policy from scratch can be a troublesome affair if you have no legal training. You would have to commission the help of a lawyer in order to do it right.
If your website is aiming for legitimacy, you definitely don't want to take this issue lightly. You can easily get in trouble with your customers and with the law if you don't have a privacy policy or if you have a bad one.
How Can I Use A Privacy Policy?
Usually, privacy policy templates are pretty straightforward. You can get one from a reputable source, copy the template and then paste it on your privacy page. Many of the relevant details will either be left blank or will need to be replaced. Either way, you need to be careful about the information that you put in the page.
You want to focus on company name or website name, the name of the site owner, company CEO, or web manager, and a few important details about purchases, service charges, and so on. Other than a few tweaks, a good template won't require much from you.
Preview Your Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of
Company Name
Company Name
operates the
Website Name
website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the
Website Name
website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Website URL
, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.