Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
6
Loading…
{"id": "1GMj-J6BalHfGdkfgc_ByI1J5s6ZGJJbG", "title": "Anima Boyfriend Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 6
iBoy: My Virtual Boyfriend Privacy Policy ("privacy policy" or "policy")
Policy version: 27th of December, 2024 (for previous versions of this policy see
https://boyfriend.myanima.ai/legal/history)
About us
This app is supplied by Labane Corp. Ltd ("Labane Corp. Ltd", "we", "us", and "our"). We build virtual
companion apps.
Our registered office and our place of business is at Vasili Michailidi, 9, 3026, Limassol, Cyprus.
However, please direct all correspondence related to the App to support@labanecorpltd.com.
"app" means the Anima: AI Friend Virtual Chat app that you download and install onto your device,
and includes and all updates to such app that we make available or provide to you from time to time.
The app provides virtual companion and virtual chat functionality.
Purpose
We take your privacy very seriously. Please read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important
information on how and why we collect, store, use and share any information relating to you (your
personal data).
It also explains your rights in relation to your personal data and how to contact us or the relevant
regulator in the event you have a complaint.
We are the controller of personal data obtained via the app, meaning we are the organisation legally
responsible for deciding how and for what purposes it is used.
If you are aged under 17 (or under 18 if you are in the UK) you must not use the app as it is not
designed for you. We do not intend to collect the personal data of anyone under 17. If you are
aware that any personal data of anyone under 17 has been shared with the app please let us know
so that we can delete that data.
What this policy applies to
This privacy policy relates to your use of the app only.
The app may link to other apps, websites or services owned and operated by us or by certain trusted
third parties to make additional products, information and services available to you. These other apps,
websites or services may also gather information about you in accordance with their own separate
privacy policies. For privacy information relating to these other apps, websites or services, please
consult their privacy policies as appropriate.
Personal data we collect about you
The personal data that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following
categories:
• Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our app may ask you to provide personal data voluntarily: for example, we may ask
1
Page 2 of 6
you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing
communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us. In chatting with your Anima, you will
inevitably be including your personal data. The personal data that you are asked to provide, and the
reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide
your personal data.
• Information that we collect automatically
When you download and access our app, we may collect certain information automatically from your
device. In some countries, including the UK, this information may be considered personal data under
applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address,
device type, unique device identification numbers, other internal identifiers (integers), browser-type,
broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information. We may
also collect information about how your device has interacted with our app.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the users of our app, where they come
from, and what content or functionality in our app is of interest to them. We use this information for
our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our app to our users.
• Information that we obtain from third party sources
From time to time, we may receive personal data about you from third party sources (including Apple,
Google, and Facebook), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your
consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal data to us.
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email address, external
tokens/ids and we use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve the
accuracy of the records we hold about you.
Use of the camera on your device for augmented reality
Permission will be requested to use the camera on your device in order to enable the augmented
reality features in the app.
You may disable the app’s access to the camera on your device at any time by adjusting the
permissions in your device settings although that will mean that the augmented reality feature on the
app is no longer available.
Data gathered by the camera for such purposes remains under your control on the device and we do
not have access to it.
Legal basis for processing personal data
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the
personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we have your consent to do so,
where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our
legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and
freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you or
may otherwise need the personal data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
2
Page 3 of 6
If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract
with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your
personal data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your
personal data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of
any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we
collect and use your personal data, please contact us (see ‘How to contact us’ below).
Marketing
We may use your personal data to send you updates (by email, push notification and text message)
about our services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new services.
We have a legitimate interest in using your personal data for marketing purposes (see above ‘Legal
basis for processing personal data ’). This means we do not usually need your consent to send
you marketing information. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this separately and
clearly.
You have the right to opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time
by:
• contacting us at support@labanecorpltd.com
• using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails or ‘STOP’ number in texts
For more information on your right to object at any time to your personal data being used for
marketing purposes, see ‘Your rights’ below.
Who we share your personal data with
We routinely share personal data with service providers we use to help us run our business or
provide the services or functionalities in the app, including:
• Apple, Google, and Facebook;
• wasabi.com for image storage services;
• Azure Computer Vision for image processing services;
• Amplitude and RevenueCat for analytics services;
• BugSnag and Sentry for support services;
• AppsFlyer, Firebase Analytics, Apple Search Ads Attribution for the purposes of marketing
performance measurements, conversion tracking and retargeting.
We only allow our group companies and service providers to handle your personal data if we are
3
Anima Boyfriend Privacy Policy.pdf
Anima Boyfriend Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Page 1 of 6