Training
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://cdn.klarna.com/1.0/shared/content/legal/terms/Klarna/en_us/privacy:
1. What type of information does Klarna collect?
2. How does Klarna Collect Information?
3. How do we use the personal information we collect?
4. How do we share personal information?
5. Product Specific Information
6. How do we protect personal information?
7. How can you restrict us from sharing your personal information?
8. Third-Party Links
9. Children Under 13
10. Governing Law and Notice to Non-US Users
11. Accessing, Correcting or Deleting Your Information
12. Changes to this Policy
13. How can you contact Klarna?
14. California Privacy Rights Notice/ Notice at Collection
15. Consumer Privacy Notice
Open navigation menu
Close navigation menu
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information submitted or collected through websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third-party websites.
Additionally, if you use a Klarna/WebBank product, your non-public personal information will be subject to
WebBank’s privacy notice
and Klarna’s use of such information will be consistent with that privacy notice.
1. What type of information does Klarna collect?
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Klarna Services (collectively, your “personal information”): (1) personally identifiable information; and (2) non-personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable Information
is any information that can identify you.
Examples include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, device identifiers, IP addresses, geolocation information, and financial account information that you provide, such as credit or debit card numbers.
We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties such as data vendors.
Aggregate and/or de-identified information is not considered personally identifiable information.
Non-personally identifiable information
is information that does not identify you directly, but may be linkable to you.
Examples include demographic information and general location information.
If non-personally identifiable information is directly linked to personally identifiable information, it will be considered personally identifiable information while it is linked. For example, if your payment history and transaction history are linked to your name, then that information will be considered personally identifiable information and subject to heightened privacy and security restrictions, as reflected in this Privacy Policy.
2. How does Klarna Collect Information?
We collect information about you through:
Your interactions with or use of the Klarna Services, including both information you give us, as well as information we derive from your usage;
Your contact with our customer support and other communications with us;
Third parties, such as data vendors, consumer reporting agencies, your bank, payment service providers you use, or merchants you perform a transaction with;
Through our websites and mobile applications, using cookies, Clear GIFs, web beacons, mobile application plug-ins, browser extension and similar technologies.
Cookies
are small files that are stored on your computer or device when you use the Klarna Services. Cookies record your preferences and the actions you take on your computer or device. We may also use web beacons and mobile application plug-ins, such as software development kits, application programming interfaces and similar technologies. We use these and other similar technologies for security, to monitor traffic, improve the Klarna Services, and make the Klarna Services easier to use and more relevant to you. We may also use these technologies to personalize your experience, deliver advertisements, and for research and marketing.
You can learn more about ad-serving companies and the options available to limit their collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance. Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your Apple or Android device.
Clear GIFs
are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with the Klarna Services to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of Klarna Services.
Third Party Analytics
We may use automated devices and applications provided by third parties to evaluate usage of the Klarna Services. We use these tools to help us improve the Klarna Services, performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services.
Sometimes when you communicate with us, or utilize our services we use third party service providers. In some cases these service providers may monitor and record mouse movements, swiping, scrolling, clicks, and keystrokes so that we can better understand how our products are utilized, and in some cases they may provide interfaces that allow you to communicate with us, for example through a chat window. In these cases, we maintain contracts with these third parties and they are required to keep your information confidential. By utilizing the Klarna Services you consent to our use of service providers for these purposes.
3. How do we use the personal information we collect?
We may use your personal information to:
Provide the Klarna Services and customer support.
Process transactions and send notices about your transactions.
Resolve disputes and collect payments and/or fees.
Verify the accuracy of and authenticate your information.
Detect, investigate and prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, such as fraud.
Communicate about accounts or transactions and send information about features and enhancements.
Contact you, for example by phone, text (SMS) or email.
Communicate changes to our policies.
Personalize content and experiences, including providing recommendations based on your preferences and queries.
Publish product and merchant reviews that you submit.
Send offers or promotions for the Klarna Services.
Provide advertising, including advertising based on your use of the Klarna Services or third-party websites.
Improve and develop Klarna Services and new products and services.
Perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of the Klarna Services and their purchasing patterns.
Conduct any other legitimate business activities not otherwise prohibited by law.
4. How do we share personal information?
We will only share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. When we share your personal information we include reasonable contractual, legal, technical and organizational measures to ensure that your information is processed with an adequate level of protection and in accordance with applicable law.
We may share your personal information with:
Service providers, affiliates and commercial partners who help with our business operations including but not limited to, fraud prevention, account maintenance, customer service, marketing and technology services.
Consumer reporting agencies, fraud detection companies and collection agencies, as permitted by law.
Merchants you order goods or services from using the Klarna Services.
Marketing or advertising partners who assist us in serving advertising. These partners may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information through the Klarna Services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads. These marketing or advertising partners may allow third party companies to access information about you so that those companies may market other products you may be interested in.
Analytics companies.
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by or to whom we may sell or transfer our assets, including as part of a reorganization or bankruptcy proceeding.
Third parties, including governmental authorities and law enforcement, to (i) protect or defend the legal rights, interests or property of Klarna and any related entity of Klarna; (ii) protect the safety and security of our customers or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud; or (iv) comply with applicable law, or with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons. Including, without limitation, LexisNexis Risk Solutions Group; Emailage and ThreatMetrix services:
Processing Notices | LexisNexis Risk Solutions
.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction to do so.
Third parties for any legitimate business purpose not otherwise prohibited by law.
We will only share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, as otherwise notified to you at the time of collection (for example as set forth in an agreement you have entered into with us) or with your consent.
Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared with any of the third parties listed in this section except, as stated as below for the purpose of providing the
Klarna Marketing Text Message Program
to consumers.
5. Product Specific Information
The following information relates to specific products offered by Klarna.
5.1 Auto-Track (available in the Klarna App)
The Auto-Track feature (previously Magic Import) is described in
these terms and conditions
. If you connect to the Auto-Track feature, we will process order information (such as delivery tracking identifiers, supplier information, product information, and payment information) related to purchases you have made, and email information (to identify the relevant order and delivery information), in order to provide you with delivery information and an overview of your purchases in the Klarna App. We may also identify any relevant promotional codes to present to you in the Klarna App.
Data obtained through the service is shared with our service provider in order to provide the service to you. Neither Klarna nor our service provider will share data obtained through Auto-Track with any third parties, unless necessary to provide or improve the service to you. We will not transfer data to third parties for serving ads.
5.2 Klarna Desktop Extension
Klarna Desktop Extension is a browser extension of the Klarna Services available for select web browsers. By downloading and using the Klarna Desktop Extension you can request and use One-time Cards directly in your browser on websites where this service is enabled in accordance with our internal policies. When you browse the internet with the Klarna Desktop Extension enabled, we will receive the domain of the websites that you visit. To the extent this is personal information, it will be handled in compliance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
5.3 Sponsored Links
If you click on a link that is sponsored which promotes a store, product or service you will be redirected to the store’s website through a third party, a so-called “affiliate network.” The affiliate network might place a tracking technology on your device that contains the information that you clicked on such a link in the Klarna App, which then may be used to track your visit to a store in order to calculate a potential commission to us.
5.4 Google
When you use Google Maps in the checkout (for example by searching for your address in the address field) or the Klarna App, Google will process your information subject to Google Maps’/Google Earth's
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
5.5 Rakuten
We partner with Rakuten Advertising, who may collect personal information when you interact with the Klarna Services. The collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here:
Rakuten’s privacy policy;
To submit an opt-out request
5.6 Klarna Marketing Text Message Program
If you opt-in to
Klarna’s Marketing Text Message Program
, we will not share any information collected through your opt-in to the program or through our marketing text message short code with any third parties. The information collected through these activities will only be used to collect and store a record of your consent and to send SMS messages, and keep a record of such communications, to the mobile number on record for the purposes of the Klarna Marketing Text Message Program.
5.7 Identification and Verification Process
In this section we explain how we collect, use and disclose your biometric data for identification and verification purposes in line with U.S. state biometric privacy laws such as the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, the Texas Act on Capture or Use of Biometric Identifier, or the Washington Biometric Privacy Law (H.B. 1493).
In order to verify that you are the person depicted in your government-issued identification document, Klarna uses third-party technologies from the following identification and verification vendors (“ID&V Vendors”) to collect personal information from or about you, including biometric information and biometric identifiers such as your faceprint (“Biometric Information”), a selfie, and government-issued identification, including information contained within the barcode (collectively the “ID&V Personal Information”):
Onfido Limited
14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London
England, EC2A 1AH
https://onfido.com/
Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
Checkin.com International AB
Engelbrektsplan 2
114 34 Stockholm
Sweden
https://checkin.com/
Privacy Policy
Trulioo Information Services Inc.
#400 – 114 E. 4 th Avenue, Vancouver, British Columbia,
Canada V5T 1G2
https://www.trulioo.com/
Facial Scan and Biometric Information Policy
|
Privacy Policies
Specifically, Klarna and/or the respective ID&V Vendor will ask you to take a selfie through the user flow through Klarna’s services. The respective ID&V Vendor will then scan and map your facial features in comparison with the picture on your government-issued identification document. Which specific ID&V Vendor is used for your identification and verification process will be visible in the user flow.
Biometric Information: Klarna and the ID&V Vendor may use your ID&V Personal Information for the following purposes (as applicable), in each case as described in this Klarna privacy policy and/or the the respective ID&V Vendor’s privacy policy (see above).
To carry out the services for which the ID&V Personal Information were provided;
To verify your identity and to prevent fraud; and
To comply with Klarna’s or the ID&V Vendor’s obligations under applicable law.
Government Identification Information: Using the identification and verification user flow in the Klarna services requires the ID&V Vendor to take a picture of the front and back of: (1) your driver’s license or state-issued identification card; or (2) your U.S. passport (collectively “Documentation”). This allows the ID&V Vendor to compare the photo of your Documentation with the real-time image of you that the ID&V Vendor will capture through the selfie function. The ID&V Vendor will also collect other information that is on the front and back of your Documentation including the barcode and information derived from the barcode (e.g., name, date of birth, height). We use this information primarily to verify your identity and to prevent fraud.
Note that Klarna and/or the ID&V Vendor may disclose your ID&V Personal Information to Klarna’s and ID&V Vendor’s service providers, and as otherwise required under applicable law.
The ID&V Vendors are not allowed to use your ID&V Personal Information for their own purposes.
6. How do we protect personal information?
We use reasonable security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use in compliance with applicable law. These measures include computer safeguards and encrypted, secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, technical, administrative, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
7. How can you restrict us from sharing your personal information?
Personally Identifiable Information
: You may choose not to provide your personally identifiable information to us; however, you will not be able to use the Klarna Services.
You can also limit our use and sharing of your personal information in other ways, such as:
You may unsubscribe from marketing emails by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the email footer or by contacting Klarna Customer Service (but we will still be permitted to contact you for servicing and account-related purposes).
You can modify browser settings to decline cookies, but certain features of Klarna Services may not function properly or may be unavailable if you do. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
For your mobile device, you can understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies on your mobile device and how to opt-out of some of those cookies by accessing the Network Advertising Initiative's website at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices
from your mobile device. On your mobile device you may also select “Limit Ad Tracking” (on iOS devices) or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (on Android). Even if you disable tracking, keep in mind that you may still receive interest-based advertising, including from third parties with whom your information had been previously disclosed and that you may still receive advertising from third parties, although such advertising may not be based on your interests and preferences.
We use the information provided by Google Analytics to improve the Klarna Services. For more information regarding how Google collects, uses, and shares your information and how to opt out of certain uses please visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Note that our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
8. Third-Party Links
The Klarna Services may contain links to third-party websites, including social media sites and merchant sites. By including a link to a third-party website, we do not endorse or recommend any products or services offered or information contained at the third-party website. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites. If you decide to visit a third-party website via a link contained in or by the Klarna Services, you do so at your risk.
9. Children Under 13
Our products and services are not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
10. Governing Law and Notice to Non-US Users
The Klarna Services are directed to individuals located in the United States, and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are located outside the United States, you should NOT submit personal information to us. If you voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States.
11. Accessing, Correcting or Deleting Your Information
You may request to know, access, correct, or delete personal information that you have provided to us. You will not be permitted to examine the personal information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with personal information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you. Depending on where you live and the type of information you have provided to us, you may have different rights and choices for managing your personal data. For example, certain state laws do not apply to personal data collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution according to federal or state laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the California Financial Information Privacy Act. Accordingly, the ability to know, access, correct, or delete data is not absolute, and is subject to our internal policies. We must adhere to certain legal obligations preventing us from immediately deleting some of your personal information. For example, we may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. To submit a request, email
privacy@klarna.com
, call +1 888 518-2771, or make a request through our
Privacy page
.
12. Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the “Published On” date set forth above. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on the Klarna Services. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will aim to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our website.
13. How can you contact Klarna?
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of the Klarna Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact
Klarna customer service
.
14. California Privacy Rights Notice/ Notice at Collection
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents with additional rights related to their personal information. These rights do not apply, however, to any information we collect that is exempt from the CCPA, such as non-public personal information that we collect or disclose in providing a financial product or service for personal, family or household use or that is subject to certain state and federal privacy laws, such as the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act or the California Financial Information Privacy Act. While this California Privacy Rights Notice does not apply to information that is exempt from the CCPA, in the interest of transparency, we have identified certain categories of personal information that overlap with these categories of exempted data.
For the purpose of this
Section 14,
the terms "personal information," "sensitive personal information," "consumer," "business purpose," "commercial purpose," "third party," "service provider," "share," "sell," and "sold" have the same meaning as provided in the CCPA.
California Shine the Light law provides California residents that have a direct business relationship with a business to request certain information regarding personal information disclosed by that to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
California Erasure Law: If you are a resident of California, under 18 and a registered user of the Klarna Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted through the Klarna Services by contacting
Klarna customer service
. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
14.1 Your Rights as a California Resident
If you are a California resident, you have the following rights regarding your personal information that is subject to the CCPA (and not exempted as noted above):
Right to opt-out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information -
A common understanding of “selling” information is that it involves a company taking information it has learned about you and exchanging that information with an unrelated third party for money, who will then use that data for a new purpose that you did not intend. We do not do this.
However, California law has a much broader definition of “sell” which encompasses activities beyond the traditional common understanding of “selling” for money, such as disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information for money or other “valuable” consideration.
There are certain activities we perform that do fall under the very broad definition of “sale.” You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. Please note that your right to opt-out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, who are parties who are engaged to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the data only for that function.
Additionally, California law provides for a right to opt out of having your information “shared” for the purpose of delivering cross-context behavioral advertising. We also do this. We do not have actual knowledge that we have sold or shared the personal information of a California resident under 16 years of age.
Our Notice of the Right to Opt-Out of the Share/Sale is available on our
California Privacy Choices
page.
Request to Know –
You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Request to Delete -
You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any personal information that we have collected directly from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Request to Correct -
You have the right to request us to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Request to limit use or disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information -
While we may collect pieces of sensitive personal information as defined by the CCPA, such information is either exempt from the CCPA or is only used or disclosed to provide the Klarna Services or for other purposes permitted by the CCPA. Therefore, we have no obligation to provide you the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information under the CCPA.
Use of an Authorized Agent –
You may exercise your rights under the CCPA through an authorized agent. Your authorized agent can submit a request by emailing
privacy@klarna.com
, calling +1 888 518-2771 or through the chat feature in our Customer Service Web Portal. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to delete, request to correct, or a request to know, we may require the authorized agent to provide proof that the you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request We may also require you to do either of the following: (1) verify your own identity directly with us or (2) Directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. You or the authorized agent can submit a power of attorney that complies with the California Probate Code as evidence of such authorization.
Right to not receive discriminatory treatment -
If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. We will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of the rights as described in this section.
14.2 Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
To protect our customers’ personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can take action on your requests. To do so we may ask you to verify information about you that we already have on file, for example your mailing address, email address, telephone number or details about a purchase you have made with us. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to respond to your request, or respond to it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
To submit a request visit our
California Privacy Choices
page and submit a request via our webform, email
privacy@klarna.com
or call +1 888 518-2771.
14.3 Personal Information We Collect, and How it is Used
You have a right to receive notice of how we have handled personal information in the prior 12 months. Specifically: the categories of personal information we collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the personal information is collected, the sources of the personal information, the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties (including the categories sold or shared as those terms are defined in the CCPA), the categories of the third parties that we have disclosed personal information and the purposes for those disclosures.
14.3.1 Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information as part of our business. The personal information we collect depends on your relationship with us and which of the Klarna Services you have used (or not used). We collect the following categories of personal information from consumers to deliver the Klarna Services. These are also the categories of personal information we have collected in the prior 12 months.
Personal Identifiers
- For example, your name, phone number, contact address and email address, Social Security Number, drivers license, passport or other government issued ID, bank account, credit/debit card number bank account, IP address and Device ID.
California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
- For example, your address, telephone number, credit card, debit card, and bank account information.
Protected Classifications
- For example, your date of birth from which we can derive your age, or your military status.
Commercial Information
- For example, actual or considered transactions, information about your income, information in a credit report, preferences or opinions.
Biometric Information
- For example, a facial geometry scan or “faceprint.”
Internet or other electronic network activity information
- For example, browser or device information; interactions with specific websites and advertisements, use of specific services in our mobile application, or internet browsing history, cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and clickstream or other traffic data.
Geolocation Information
- For example, the geolocation of your personal device.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
- For example, audio recordings or email and chat communications.
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics
- For example, profiles reflecting your preferences, such as interests, hobbies, characteristic tendencies, behaviors, attitudes or aptitudes, including inferences drawn from personal information like browsing information and clickstream or other website traffic data.
Sensitive Personal Information
- For example, your Driver's License, Passport or other government issued ID, and email communications (when you have enrolled in Auto-Track).
14.3.2 Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We have collected personal information about consumers from the following sources:
Your interactions with, or use of the Klarna Services including both information you give us, as well as information we derive from your usage;
Your contact with our customer support and other communications with us;
Third parties, such as data vendors, marketing and advertising partners, consumer reporting agencies or fraud prevention bureaus, your bank, payment service providers you use, or merchants you perform a transaction with;
Through our websites and mobile applications, using cookies, Clear GIFs, web beacons, mobile application plug-ins, browser extension and similar technologies.
14.3.3 Purposes for Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
We collect personal information about consumers for the following business and commercial purposes. We may collect information about you for additional purposes that are disclosed to you at the time of collection.
In some circumstances, we will disclose personal information about you to third parties as described in this notice. In those cases, the disclosure is done for the following business and commercial purposes as well.
Online Auditing
: Auditing related to an interaction with a consumer and a concurrent transaction, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with standards that may apply.
Detecting and Protecting
: Detecting and protecting against security incidents and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
Debugging
: Activities to identify and repair errors in technological functionality.
Short-term, Transient Use
: Data collected, but not retained, other than to facilitate a one-time transaction or non-personalized advertising shown as part of a consumer's current interaction with the business when information is not disclosed to another third party or used to build a profile or to alter consumer experience outside of the current interaction with the business.
Providing the Klarna Services
: Issuing and servicing of Klarna products and services, including but not limited to: customer service; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying customer information; responding to consumer requests; applications; underwriting; processing payments;
transactions; providing IT infrastructure, storage, analytics and similar services.
Analytic Activities
: Analysis to improve Klarna marketing, advertising, websites, mobile app, products, and services; to complete behavioral research; and to do other research, reporting, or evaluation.
Research & Strategic Development
: Business, consumer, product, strategy, and technological research and development, excluding marketing and advertising activities.
Marketing and Advertising of Klarna
and its Products and Services
: Advertising and marketing Klarna products and services, personalize an individual's Klarna website or mobile app experience, and to deliver content or product and service offerings relevant to an individual's interests, including targeted ads and promotional offers.
Marketing and Advertising of Klarna and Our Products and Services through Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising and Similar Methods:
Advertising and marketing our products and services, and to deliver content or product and service offerings relevant to an individual's interests, including targeted ads and promotional offers through cross context behavioral advertising and similar methods.
Marketing and Advertising of Our Partners and Their Products and Services:
Offering our partner’s products and services, personalizing an individual's Klarna website or mobile app experience, and delivering content or product and service offerings relevant to an individual's interests, including targeted ads and promotional offers.
Legal/Compliance/Regulatory purposes
: Satisfying internal and regulatory compliance requirements, responding to regulatory exams, conducting internal and external audits, responding to subpoenas and other law enforcement requests, record keeping, and enforcing or defending our rights and property.
14.3.4 Categories of Personal Information that have Sold or Shared
We have sold/shared the following categories of personal information in the prior 12 months. In each case, the information was sold/shared with Marketing or Advertising partners and Analytics companies for marketing and advertising of Klarna, our products and services, as well as the products and services of our partners through cross-context behavioral advertising and similar methods as well as Online Auditing.
Personal Identifiers - Specifically email addresses, Device IDs and IP addresses
Sold: Yes; Shared: Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information - Specifically information about your use of the Klarna Services, for example how you have used the Klarna mobile app.
Sold: Yes; Shared: Yes
Our Notice of the Right to Opt-Out of the Share/Sale is available on our
California Privacy Choices
page.
14.3.5 Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose, as permitted or required by law or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. When we disclose personal information to a service provider, we enter into a contract that describes our business purpose for disclosing and requires the service provider to keep personal information confidential and to use it only for purposes consistent with the contract between us.
We may disclose all categories of your personal information for a business or commercial purpose to the following third parties:
Service providers, affiliates and commercial partners who help with our business operations, including but not limited to, fraud prevention, account maintenance, customer service, marketing and technology services.
Consumer reporting agencies, fraud detection companies and collection agencies, as permitted by law.
Merchants you order goods or services from using the Klarna Services.
Marketing or advertising partners who assist us in serving advertising. These partners may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information through the Klarna Services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads. These marketing or advertising partners may allow third party companies to access information about you so that those companies may market other products you may be interested in.
Analytics companies.
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by or to whom we may sell or transfer our assets, including as part of a reorganization or bankruptcy proceeding.
Third parties, including governmental authorities and law enforcement, to (i) protect or defend the legal rights, interests or property of Klarna and any related entity of Klarna; (ii) protect the safety and security of our customers or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud; or (iv) comply with applicable law, or with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons. Including, without limitation, LexisNexis Risk Solutions Group; Emailage and ThreatMetrix services:
Processing Notices | LexisNexis Risk Solutions
.
Parties to whom you have directed or authorized our disclosure.
Third parties for any legitimate business purpose not otherwise prohibited by law.
The business and commercial purposes for which we have disclosed personal information are listed in
Section 14.3.3
.
14.3.6 Retaining Your Personal Information
We have policies and practices requiring the secure deletion of personal information when there is no applicable regulatory retention requirement and we no longer have a business need to use the information for a purpose that is compatible with our disclosed purposes of collection. Personal information that has been aggregated or deidentified so that it cannot reasonably be used to infer information about you or otherwise be linked to you may be retained indefinitely.
14.4 Opt Out Signals
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Our websites will respond to a Do Not Track Signal by not placing tracking technologies that are not necessary to deliver the Klarna Services to you on your browser. These preferences are managed at the browser level, and are not “frictionless” as defined by California law. You can find information about how to manage Opt Out Signal settings in your browser, and other information in
Section 7
“How can you restrict us from sharing your Personal Information?".
14.5 Notice of Financial Incentive
We may offer customers the opportunity to participate in various incentive, referral, loyalty, or other promotional programs (collectively “Programs”) related to the collection, retention, sharing or sale of your personal information. By participating in the Programs, you may earn benefits such as gift cards, vouchers, discounts and other valuable offers. These benefits may be considered “financial incentives” or “price or service difference” under the CCPA. These Programs may involve collecting the following categories of Personal Information from customers who participate: customer identifiers; customer records; protected class and demographic information; purchase or transaction information; internet or other electronic network activity information and device information; audio, electronic, visual, or other sensory information; and inferences from such information. We are providing you with this information so that you may make an informed decision on whether to participate in any Program.
When you sign-up for the Programs, you opt-in to receive such financial incentives. We may also collect certain personal information in connection with Programs that we used to administer the Program and provide you Program benefits, and to understand your interaction with Klarna Services so that we may improve our products and services and notify you of offers and promotions that may be of interest to you.
By participating in any such Program, you agree that the financial incentives offered in connection with the Programs are reasonably related to the value of the personal information  collected and retained in connection with the Programs.
14.6 Additional Questions?
If you have any additional questions about the privacy aspects of the Klarna Services please see our
California Privacy Choices
page, contact Customer Service by emailing
privacy@klarna.com
, calling +1 888 518-2771 or through the chat feature in our Customer Service Web Portal.
15. Consumer Privacy Notice
All non-public personal information that we collect (except through a Klarna account with WebBank) is subject to the following Consumer Privacy Notice:
Rev. June 2022
FACTS
WHAT DOES KLARNA DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and payment history
Transaction history and credit history
Credit scores and account balances
When you are
no longer
our customer, we may continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customer’s personal information; the reasons Klarna chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Klarna share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
Questions:
Call +1 888 518-2771 or go to
www.klarna.com
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing:
Sign in to the Klarna App, go to ‘’Settings’’, find the ‘’Privacy’’ tab and adjust your privacy settings.
If you don’t have the Klarna App, you can go to app.klarna.com/login: click ‘’Settings’’, then ‘’Privacy’’ and adjust your privacy settings.
Please note
: If you are a
new
customer, we may begin sharing your data thirty (30) days from the date we sent this notice, or earlier if you consent or as permitted by law. When you are
no longer
our customer, we may continue to share your data as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Klarna, Inc.
What we do
How does Klarna protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Klarna collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or use your credit or debit card
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Give us your contact information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Klarna, PriceRunner or Prisguiden name, and financial companies such as Klarna Bank AB.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we may share with include our merchant partners, marketing and advertising partners.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Klarna doesn’t jointly market
Other important information
California Residents: The California Consumer Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the act about personal data it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of personal information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. We will not share personal information that we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties without your authorization except as permitted by law.
Vermont Customers: We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at
www.klarna.com/us/legal
or call +1 888 518-2771.
Sub-policy 1
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/:
Skip to content
This form applies to user requests related to Rakuten Advertising services.
1. As provided in our Services Privacy Policy (
https://go.rakutenadvertising.com/hubfs/Services-Privacy-Policy-English.pdf
), Rakuten Advertising uses or processes digital identifiers such as cookie IDs (which may be considered personal information or personal data under various privacy laws) in the operation of our Services. The information in this form will enable you to identify (or access) the Rakuten Advertising cookies/digital identifiers on this browser and then submit them to us to act on your below request. No personal information separate from these identifiers is maintained or processed by Rakuten Advertising (for you to access, opt-out, delete or rectify). If you request opt-out, the opt-out may not be applicable to instances where Rakuten Advertising is using or processing the digital identifiers as a processor under GDPR or as a service provider under certain state laws in the United States.
(Note: This Opt-out applies only to this browser, and it is cookie-based. That means if you disable, block, or delete cookies, or browse using another browser, this particular opt-out will not apply).
2. Identifying/Accessing digital identifiers: Please click on this link (
https://ut.ra.linksynergy.com/cookie-info.html
) which will open a window disclosing the Rakuten Advertising digital identifiers/cookie(s) on this browser. You may copy and place below the digital identifiers (value(s)) you copied using the link.
Digital Identifiers:
Indicate your request:
(required)
Restriction on further use of my digital identifier (e.g. opt-out)
Restriction on the sale of my digital identifier and information associated with this identifier
Deletion of my digital identifier and information associated with this identifier
Other Opt-outs:  The steps to take to opt-out of other platforms such as mobile applications are provided in the ‘Opt-Outs’ section of our Services Privacy Policy:
https://go.rakutenadvertising.com/hubfs/Services-Privacy-Policy-English.pdf.
By completing the information above, you certify that: you have the authority under relevant laws, rules and regulations to make the privacy rights request above associated with the information you have provided; you are requesting the information for your own lawful purposes; you are not making this request for any fraudulent criminal, malicious or other unlawful purposes.
Submit
Δ
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Read our Cookie Policy.
Cookie Settings
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. The preferences you chose will be stored in a separate cookie that is stored uniquely on your device. In case you visit our site from another device, use a different browser or after resetting your current browser, those settings are lost, and you need to change these settings again.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work properly in that case.
The data collected within our Strictly Necessary cookies is not used for tracking purposes; therefore, it is not used for advertising nor shared with companies that sell or trade data.
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and display customized videos and images. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance and Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are the most and least popular and learn how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label