Home
Contact
In this document we inform you about the processing and the privacy of your personal data when using our services and applications. Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
In a nutshell
We don’t ask you for personal information and we do not collect any system/computer data. We do not access your files, folders or system information (unless the application needs such access to make features available - for example storage cleanup).
We don’t share your personal information with anyone and we do not have any remote service that receives your stored or collected data.
We don’t store your personal information or data on our servers in any way.
In our products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, kept private and permanently deleted.
If you use an in-app purchase feature, when you click the Upgrade Product button we will register the click anonymously, without any identification data. This is used for technical reasons and not for marketing reasons.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Personal data
“Personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. If we are not (or at least not without a disproportionate amount of time and effort) able to relate a direct link to you personally, this information is not personal data.
Processing personal data
1. General principle
In general, you can visit and read most parts of our website contents without providing any personal data.
2. Statistical data
For the process of retrieving your requested information from our websites, our servers store certain data needed for service delivery and/or for statistical or security purposes in anonymised form. In this context general information is recorded, such as your domain name or browser type. These data do not enable us to draw conclusions regarding your identity; they are always collected under a pseudonym. These anonymised data are deleted promptly after their statistical evaluation. If you use an in-app purchase feature, when you click the Upgrade Product button we will register the click anonymously, without any identification data. This is used for technical reasons and not for marketing reasons.
3. Premium Content
In order to access various content elements, register for events or reach dedicated marketing material, we will ask for your email address and your name as mandatory data to reach this premium content and to provide you with additional information on other. This data will be used to provide you with additional information on products and services which might be of interest to you. The subscription is voluntary and you are free to withdraw your consent anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email.
4. Free trials
If you want to test our products, we will also ask for your email address and your name . This information will be used for sending out the activation code and to remind you of the end of the trail period. Up to 14 days after the end of the trial period you may receive a final reminder and an offer to purchase a full licence. The trial registration is voluntary and you are free to withdraw your consent anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email. Upon your opt-out we will promptly delete your information unless you decide to purchase a full licence.
5. Newsletters, Free Product Updates and Special Offers
We will use your email address to provide you with additional information on products and services which might be of interest to you if you have subscribed to our newsletter, free product updates and special offers. The subscription is voluntary and you are free to withdraw your consent anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link you will find in every email.
6. Contact Forms
If you want to contact us by using our contact and support forms, you will be asked to provide your contact information (entry fields marked “*”), which we will exclusively process or use as far as necessary to get in contact with you and provide you with the information you desire. You are free to provide additional information (through the data fields not marked “*”), which we will of course process in line with all applicable data protection requirements as well.
Principles regarding data protection
Our website is principally designed in a way that limits the collection and processing of personal data to a minimum. For the provision of certain services we may make use of external service providers. As far as such external service providers need to have access to personal data, we ensure that any such access is limited to the extent necessary for the provision of the respective service. Furthermore, such external service providers of course have to submit themselves to comply with all applicable data protection regulations.
Use of cookies
We use different types of “cookies” (small text files that are placed on your device):
User input cookies
Authentication cookies
Third party advertising cookies
First party analytics cookies
Social plug-in tracking cookies
You can configure your browser settings in a way that cookies are blocked or your system informs you whenever a website wants to set a cookie. However, please be aware that the blocking of cookies may have the effect that you will not be able to use all our website functions any more.
Protection of personal data
Personal data we collect are stored on specially protected servers. Access is restricted to a limited number of authorised persons who need the access in order to administer our websites or ensure their proper functionality, especially with regard to technical support. If you use an in-app purchase feature, when you click the Upgrade Product button we will register the click anonymously, without any identification data. This is used for technical reasons and not for marketing reasons.
Rights regarding your personal data
You can access and change your profile by signing into your account.
At your request, we will inform you what personal data we have stored about you and for what purpose(s). Should we ever have stored false data about you, despite our efforts to only store accurate and current data, we will correct it promptly upon recognition or at your request.
In these cases please contact: hello@alexdenk.eu
In case you want us to delete your personal data or revoke consent granted for certain processing of your personal data, please contact us in the same way. You can also delete your account information by confirming this setting in your profile.
If deletion of your data should not be possible for technical or legal reasons, we will block the respective data instead.
Contact
Should you have any further questions or suggestions regarding the protection of your personal data processed in connection with the use of our websites, please contact us: hello@alexdenk.eu
Contact Support
Email Address
Message