Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy ("Policy"") which explains what information MyFonts app collects when you use our Services, ways we might use or share it and your legal rights. This Policy doesn’t apply to practices of companies we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the MyFonts services.
Unless otherwise specified, our Policy applies to all of our mobile software applications that have been made available for download (each, an "App," and together, the "Apps") and any related websites or other online properties owned or controlled by us (together with the Apps, the "Services").
Please also read the Terms of Service which sets out the terms governing the Services.
When we say "we", "us" and "our", we’re referring to MyFonts Developer Team, including any of its subsidiaries. For the purposes of EU data protection law, MyFonts is a controller of personal data processed in the context of the Services.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
When we provide the Services, we may collect or receive personal information in a few different ways. In many cases, you can select the information to provide, although certain information is needed in order to use MyFonts and for us to provide the Services to you. We use your information for the purposes described below:
From you and/or from other sources at your direction:
We may collect a variety of information from you when you provide it to us directly or when you tell us to get it from a third party source. The different kinds of information we gather typically depend on how you interact with us. For instance:
ï We may collect basic account information such as your email address, phone number, username and password. This information is necessary to create your account and it helps secure and provide access to our Services. We  may also obtain or infer demographic information. If you use Facebook or Google to register for or log in to the Services (or later connect your accounts), you authorize Facebook or Google to share your personal information with us, including your email address, age and publicly available information about you and your Facebook friends, if you use Facebook for signup.
ï If you access the Services with another third party social network we will collect information you have agreed to make available. This could include for instance, your name, user ID/URL, profile picture, age, list of friends, email address and/or phone number, and/or your birthday, language, and/or geolocation.
ï We may collect additional profile information about you when you upload a picture, or add your interests for example.
ï If you send us support requests or feedback, you may provide us with additional information to enable us to contact you and address your feedback and we may retain such information to enhance our Services and to respond to you.
ï When you purchase a subscription, you provide our payment processor with your payment information.
ï We don’t ask you to provide us with any sensitive personal information, which could include any information relating to your race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health, genetic or biometric information, sexual life or sexual orientation.
From your device and browser:
In order to provide us with technical information, we may collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device when you use the Services, including:
ï If you choose to share content or find your friends on MyFonts, we will access your contacts on your device (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list) and send your contacts to our servers to check if any of them are on the Services or the App you are using. If they are, we’ll suggest your follow them and you can choose if you would like to do so. Every time you open the contacts page in a MyFonts App, we may automatically resend the latest version of your contacts to our servers and provide you with an updated list of matches. After we check for matches we will We delete your contacts from our servers.
ï When you use the Services, we may automatically collect log data, including your IP address, browser type, hardware type, unique device ID, the version of your operating system and your activity within the Services. We use the log data for security purposes and to improve our Services.
ï We receive device identifiers like Apple’s IDFA, IDFV and Google’s AdID. These are mainly used for online advertising and marketing purposes.
ï We may use cookies, which deposit small data files stored on your computer or mobile device, and other similar technologies like software development kits ("SDKs") or third party libraries. These cookies are used to distinguish you, identify your interests and your account and its status and settings, to collect usage data, keep track of your preferences and deliver content specific to your interests. Our advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to identify and deliver content and advertising specific to your interests and to track the effectiveness of such advertising and to provide and analyze their services. You may configure your browser to reject cookies. By using our Services you consent to our, and our advertising partners’, use of cookies and related technologies, and the sharing of data with our advertising partners. You can withdraw your consent to our use of cookies using your browser settings or your device’s limit ad tracking settings. You may also be able to control the use of cookies via industry websites or through other functionality which we may have available from time to time.
As with any business, we may change or work with different partners from time to time. We may provide a list of partners in this Policy or in another document which we will make available to you.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, enhance, customize, support, and market our Services.
ï In order to use MyFonts account, we need certain information. We may need your email address and/or phone number to send you information about the Services, provide customer support or to notify you of additional MyFonts products and services, where permitted by applicable law.
ï We try to continuously improve our Services and your experience. As part of this, we use the data we have to identify ways to make our Services better and more engaging for our users. We use your interactions on the Services, along with the other data described in this policy, to infer your interests. We do this to identify and suggest content that you may like and to tailor advertising, including off-site advertising.
ï We use data to identify and respond to potential risks to our users and Services which might include spammers, phishing attempts, screen scraping, bullying and other violations of our Terms of Service).
ï In limited situations, we may share de-identified content and information with researchers for educational research purposes.
ï We promote our Services via customized advertising on third party sites. We may use your information to target advertising; including to design advertising campaigns. You use your information for customer relationship management (CRM) purposes, including for targeting email and other engagement campaigns.
ï We may conduct or sponsor surveys and contests. Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary. If you elect to participate, we may ask you for contact, demographic, and other information and may ask you to agree to additional terms and conditions.
3. INFORMATION YOU AND WE SHARE
MyFonts  is designed to help you create and share your videos or any posts. The information you provide us through your use of the Services is information you have consented to allow us to make public. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
ï We may share information about you or your use of the Services with our advertisers and third party advertising partners. This means we may give our advertisers information about the characteristics of our users, along with sharing certain identifiers and/or location information, but we do not specifically identify you by name or share your contact information. Third parties can use this data to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you or to assess the effectiveness and reach of advertising campaigns.
ï We work with third-party analytics which collects information such as how often users visit our app or website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the website. You may opt-out of tracking with the opt-out browser add-on.
ï Third-Party Service Providers. We work with third-party service providers to help us provide, enhance, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
ï We may publicly disclose aggregated statistics which may vary depending on the MyFonts you are using.
ï We may preserve and disclose your information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in connection with any legal investigation or legal complaint, or by law or regulation, including in response to a court order, subpoena, regulatory requirement or other legal demand or request or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security or technical issues, to protect MyFonts’ rights or property, and/or to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Service.
ï We may share some or all of your information in connection with, or during negotiation of, any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, information may also be transferred as a business asset.
4. OUR LEGAL BASES FOR COLLECTING, USING, SHARING AND OTHERWISE PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
For the purposes of EU law, MyFonts relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Policy. These legal bases include:
ï Certain processing is needed to provide the Services in accordance with the Terms of Service.
ï Where you have consented to certain processing. For example we may send you marketing messages if you have consented to receiving them, or we may ask you if you want to take part in voluntary surveys or contests. You may revoke that consent at any time;
ï For MyFonts to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims, to protect your vital interests or those of others, or where the processing is necessary in the public interest. We may, for instance, share data where we are required by law to do so; and
ï Some processing is necessary because it is in MyFonts’ or a third party’s legitimate interests.
ï
Our legitimate interests
We process your information in furtherance of the following legitimate interests:
Keeping the Services safe and secure:
We use your information in an effort to keep our Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests, the interests of our App and yours, in ensuring MyFonts is secure, and to protect against fraud, spam, misuse and abuse.
Providing our Services:
We use your information to provide the Services, including any personalized services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in providing an innovative and tailored offering to our users on a sustained basis and to provide stable connectivity. For example, where there is poor connectivity, users can experience difficulty in downloading/uploading content. Therefore, MyFonts needs to process log data, including your IP address, to troubleshoot the issue. Without your IP address and location info, it can be hard to address connectivity issues.
5. MANAGING AND DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
We may offer the ability to correct or update the information collected during registration via your account settings on the applicable App or by contacting support and we rely on the accuracy of the information you provide us (such as your age). You may request deletion of your account by contacting support via voicechangeravatar@mail.com.
We retain your information in our server logs, our databases and our records only for as long as necessary in light of the purposes set out in this Policy, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. We may use third party service providers to store and maintain such data. We retain your verification-related information for a reasonable period of time, even if you do not complete all verification steps, to assist with future verifications and to prevent abuse of our verification processes. If you decide not to verify the account and would like us to delete the verification information you provided, contact support.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the European Economic Area, you benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below in a summary format, but mandated applicable law shall govern.
ï Where legally required, we can provide your information upon your request. Note that, in accordance with applicable law, information will not be provided where doing so would adversely affect the rights (including the intellectual property rights) of others.
ï You can also change, restrict, limit or delete much of your information. If you cannot do this, or you do not have a MyFonts account, contact support via voicechangeravatar@mail. We may retain certain information as required by applicable law.
ï If we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. If you live in the European Economic Area, you also have a general right to object to the use of your information for direct marketing purposes.
ï Where you have previously provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent to email marketing by following the link provided in a marketing email. If you withdraw your consent to the use of your information for purposes set out in this Policy, you may not have access to all (or any) of our Services and we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the Services. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
ï If you reside in the European Economic Area, should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information, you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
7. SECURITY
We maintain technical and organizational measures to protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to your information.
We try to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks that are presented by the processing and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing as well as the risk to users. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security.
8. DATA TRANSFERS
When you use our Services your personal information is transferred to the United States or other countries in the world, where the laws protecting privacy may be less stringent than those in your home country. We’re a US company so this transfer is necessary for the performance of our Terms of Service. In certain cases, your data may be transferred to other countries as part of the Services.
We may use a legal mechanism known as "standard contractual clauses" to protect information transferred outside the EU. Standard contractual clauses refer to contracts between companies transferring personal information that contain standard commitments approved by the EU Commission protecting the privacy and security of the information transferred.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services are intended for general audiences, and are not intended for anyone under 13, anyone under 16 in the European Economic Area or anyone under the minimum age to use the Services in the jurisdiction where they reside ("Minimum Age"). Persons under the Minimum age are prohibited from using our Services and we do not knowingly collect information from such individuals. If we become aware that a child under the Minimum Age has provided us with their information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the account, unless proper parental consent is received by MyFonts.
10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please see over this page from time to time to check if there are any changes that we made. If you do not agree with any changes, please do not continue to use our Services.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any issues, please contact us at myfonts@mail.com