Home
Providus Bank | Future Forward
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Learn more about our privacy policy.
Who are we?
At ProvidusBank, our tailored financial services delivery include: Business Advisory, Portfolio Management, Personalised Relationship Management, Fast-tracked Service delivery and Self-service solutions, as such we treat your Personal Data as private and confidential.
This Privacy Policy describes what Personal Data we collect, what we do with it and how we protect it.
Our registered office is at 724, Adetokunbo Ademola Street Victoria Island, Lagos. We act as the Data Controller when processing your Personal Data. Our designated Data Protection Officer can be reached on his email
dpo@providusbank.com
and telephone number +2348093625448
This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions) describe how we handle your personal data. By continuing to visit our website (www.providusbank.com) you accept and consent to the practices described in this policy.
What we do
At ProvidusBank Limited we gather and process your Personal Data in accordance with this privacy notice (including Our Terms and Conditions) and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations and explains how, why, and when we process your personal data
Information that we collect
We process your Personal Data to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data we collect
Name
Date of Birth
Home Address
Personal Email
Home Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
Passport Number/ Driver's License Number
National Identification Number (NIN)
Taxpayer ID
Sensitive Data (i.e. BVN, health/medical information, details about religion, sexuality, etc.)
We collect information in the below ways: -
Online form, website, hard copy form, email, employment CV's etc.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We take your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent, unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal or compliance obligation
We have a legal obligation to share your personal data with regulatory bodies and credit bureau who are a credit reference agency and provide us with financial background checks as part of our KYC obligations prior to you opening an account with us
We will occasionally send you marketing information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as our customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests.
Use of Information
The personal information collected during image uploads is used for the following purposes:
To identify the user who uploaded the image
To communicate with the user regarding the uploaded image, such as to confirm receipt or to provide updates on the status of the upload
To troubleshoot technical issues related to the image upload process
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements, such as responding to subpoenas or court orders
We will not use the personal information associated with image uploads for marketing purposes or sell it to third parties.
Protection of Information
We use industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information associated with image uploads from unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. We use encryption and secure protocols to ensure that the information is transmitted securely.
Retention of Information
We will retain the personal information associated with image uploads for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this privacy policy or as required by law. Once the information is no longer needed, we will securely dispose of it.
Third-Party Services
We may use third-party services, such as cloud storage providers, to store the images uploaded on our website or applications. These services may collect and process personal information associated with image uploads on our behalf. We ensure that these third-party services are reputable and comply with applicable data protection laws.
Children's Privacy
Our website or application is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will promptly delete it.
Your Rights
You have the right to access any Personal Data that we process about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients of your personal data or who it will be disclosed to
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source.
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to correct it as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us; to exercise your data portability rights, and to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Data
We do not share or disclose any of your Personal Data without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. We use [a third-party/third-parties] to provide the below services and business functions; however, all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Access to mobile camera, gallery & phone book
You agree that using our App we shall have access to your camera to collect images and other information from your device and gallery, including contacts on your phone book, to provide you this service.
Safeguarding Measures
We take your privacy seriously and take every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including but not limited to network security, password, Policies, SSL, TLS, encryptions, pseudonymisation, restricted access, IT authentication, firewalls, anti-virus/malware etc
Transfers Outside Nigeria
Personal data in Nigeria is protected by the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation (NDPR) but some other countries may not necessarily have the same high standard of protection for your personal data. ProvidusBank does not transfer or store any personal data outside Nigeria.
Legitimate Interests
As noted in the 'How We Use Your Personal Data' section of this notice, we occasionally process your Personal Data under the legitimate interests' legal basis. Where this is the case, we have carried out a thorough Legitimate Interests' Assessment (LIA) to ensure that we have weighed your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests, ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate.
How Long We Keep Your Data
ProvidusBank only ever retains Personal Data for as long as is necessary by regulation and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. We are required under Nigerian laws/CBN Guidelines to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for not more than 7 years after termination of business relationship.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Sensitive Data
Owing to our Legal/Regulatory obligations, ProvidusBank sometimes needs to process sensitive Personal Data (known as sensitive data) about you, to [uniquely identify/ distinguish you and sometimes for regulatory reasons]. Where we collect such information, we will only request and process the minimum necessary for the specified purpose and identify a compliant legal basis for doing so.
Where we rely on your consent for processing sensitive data, we will obtain your explicit consent through [a signature/explicit mechanism]. You can modify or withdraw consent at any time, which we will act on immediately unless there is a legitimate or legal reason for not doing so.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by Law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
We may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Bank
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service or services we provide
Protect the personal safety of our staff or customers or the public
Protect against legal liability
Links to Other Websites
Our website does not contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If however in future we add third party sites to our website so that when you click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site, We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Cookie Notice:
A 'cookie' is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer by the user's web browser, a cookie is downloaded onto your computer/ mobile device so that the next time you visit that site, your device will remember useful information.
Our cookie policy explains what cookies are, the type of cookies we use and how we use them.
Types of Cookies and how we use them
Session Cookies: are cookies that expire when you leave the site or close your browser. it makes navigation and your experience on our site faster and more convenient
Persistent Cookies: are cookies that remain stored on your device until their expiry dates are exceeded or they are deleted. They are used to customize your experience.
When You access the Service by or through your Computer or a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Keeping Your Personal Data Safe
Our cookies never store personal or sensitive information; they simply hold a unique random reference to you. The cookies we use cannot read or search your computer or mobile device to obtain information about you or your family, or read any material kept on your device.
Cookie Preferences
Various browsers have different methods of managing cookies (including disabling options). However, you should note that some cookies are essential and disabling them may result in some functions or services not functioning properly
Your Personal Data is used in:
Updating and enhancing our records.
Executing your instructions.
Establishing your identity and assessing applications.
Pricing and designing our products and services.
Administering our products and services.
Managing our relationship with you.
Managing our risks.
Identifying and investigating illegal activity such as fraud.
Contacting you, in instances where we suspect fraud on your account
Conducting and improving our businesses and improving your experience
Reviewing credit or loan eligibility.
Preventing money laundering or terrorism financing activities.
Complying with our legal obligations and assisting government and other law enforcement agencies or regulators.
Identifying and informing you about other products or services
Processing your job application if you apply for a job with us.
Information We Share
We may share the information about you and your dealings with us, to the extent permitted by law, with the following:
ProvidusBank Branches and Subsidiaries
Regulators/Supervisors, Government Agencies/courts - It may be necessary by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence for ProvidusBank to disclose your Personal Data
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.;
External Auditors
ProvidusBank staff
Credit Agencies.
Correspondent banks.
We may also collect, use and exchange your information in ways permitted by law.
How We Protect Your Information
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent loss, unauthorized access, misuse, modification or disclosure of information under our control. This may include the use of encryption, access controls and other forms of security to ensure that your data is protected. We require all parties including our staff and third-parties processing data on our behalf to comply with relevant policies and guidelines to ensure confidentiality and that information is protected in use, when stored and during transmission. Our security controls and processes are also regularly updated to meet and exceed industry standards.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:
By
email: businessconcierge@providusbank.com
dpo@providusbank.com
By Address: 54, Adetokunbo Ademola Street Victoria Island, Lagos
By Telephone: 070077684387
Next steps
Open Account
Account Forms
Branches & ATMs
Banking Product
We are obligated to report transactions above the limits stipulated in the
                        Anti-Money Laundering/Combating Financing of Terrorism guidelines/regulations and suspicious
                        transactions to the Nigeria Financial Intelligence Unit
Proceed
We are obligated to report transactions above the limits stipulated in the
                                Anti-Money
                                Laundering/Combating Financing of Terrorism guidelines/regulations and suspicious
                                transactions to the
                                Nigeria Financial Intelligence Unit
Proceed
We take your privacy seriously and only process your personal information to ensure you get
                    the best experience on our website. Your consent to the processing of your personal data
                    while engaging with our website is in accordance with the NDP Act. Read our
Privacy Policy here.
These cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of our website. They enable
                                core features
                                such as security, network management, and accessibility. Essential cookies keep you
                                logged in or
                                enable secure transactions. Without these cookies, our website would not function
                                properly, or
                                certain services would be inaccessible.
The following cookies are the details of the Essential cookies used when visiting our
                                website:
S/N
Cookie Domain
Purpose
Cookie Expiration
1
.providusbank.com
Preserves user states across page requests. It is a HTTP cookie that
                                            expires at the
                                            end of a browsing session.
Session
Functional cookies enhance the performance and functionality of our website but are
                                not strictly
                                necessary
                                for its basic operation as our website can still operate without them, albeit with
                                reduced
                                functionality or
                                convenience. They are used to provide a more personalized experience like
                                remembering your
                                preferences
                                (e.g., language, region), enabling live chats, or store customization settings. They
                                are
                                anonymous and don’t
                                track browsing activity across other websites
The following cookies are the details of the Functional cookies used when visiting
                                our website:
S/N
Cookie Domain
Purpose
Cookie Expiration
1
.providusbank.com
This cookie is written to help with site
                                            security in preventing Cross-Site Request
                                            Forgery attacks.
2 hours
Social Networking Cookies (also known as social media cookies) are cookies set by
                                social media
                                services that allow you to share content and interact with your social networks
                                through our
                                website. These cookies are used to enable integration with social media platforms
                                and enhance
                                your experience by providing features like social media sharing buttons, and login
                                through
                                social media account marketing. These cookies also track your browsing activities
                                across
                                different websites to help build user profiles and target advertisements on social
                                media
                                platforms.
The following cookies are the details of the social networking cookies used when
                                visiting our
                                website:
S/N
Cookie Domain
Purpose
Cookie Expiration
1
linkedin.com
Cookie used for Sign-in with LinkedIn and/or for LinkedIn follow feature
                                            on 3rd
                                            party websites.
11 months 30 days
These cookies are set to collect data on your browsing habits, preferences, and
                                interactions
                                with ads across websites. By analyzing your behavior and interests, these cookies
                                help build
                                detailed profiles, which allow our advertisers to target you with highly relevant
                                and
                                personalized ads. These cookies help us deliver ads that are relevant to your
                                interests and
                                measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. They can track your interactions
                                with
                                advertisements, such as clicks, views, and conversions, and enable us to understand
                                the impact
                                of our marketing efforts.
The following cookies are the details of the Advertising cookies used when visiting
                                our website:
S/N
Cookie Domain
Purpose
Cookie Expiration
1
.providusbank.com
This cookie is written to help with site security in preventing
                                            Cross-Site
                                            Request Forgery attacks.
2 hours
Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, such as the
                                pages
                                visited most often, time spent on the site, and any error messages encountered.
                                These cookies
                                do not collect personal information and are used to improve the functionality and
                                performance of
                                a website by providing insights into user behavior. Performance cookies help website
                                owners
                                understand which parts of their site are performing well and where improvements can
                                be made to
                                enhance the overall user experience. The data collected is aggregated and
                                anonymous, focusing
                                solely on overall usage patterns rather than individual user behavior.
The following cookies are the details of the Performance cookies used when visiting
                                our website:
S/N
Cookie Domain
Purpose
Cookie Expiration
1
providusbank.com
Collects information about visitor behavior on multiple websites. This
                                            information is used on the website, in order to optimize the relevance
                                            of
                                            advertisement.
3 months