Privacy Policy
Overview – the key information you should be aware of
Who we are:
We are GB News Limited (a television and broadcasting company). If you need it, our company number is 12859339 and
our registered office is 2 Swan Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC4R 3TT.
GB News Limited is the controller of your personal information, and is responsible for your personal information. All references in
this policy to "GB News", "our", "us" or "we" refer to
GB News Limited, or our group companies, as appropriate. All references in this policy to
"our website", refer to the website owned by GB News at
www.gbnews.com
Our values and what this policy is for:
We value your privacy and want to be accountable and
 transparent with you in the way that we collect and use your
personal information. We also want you to know your
rights in relation to your information.
In line with these values, this privacy policy tells you what to expect
when we collect and use personal information about you. We have tried to make it easy for you to
navigate so you can find the information that is most relevant to you and our relationship with you.
We are always looking to improve the information we provide to our customers and
contacts so if you have any feedback on this privacy policy, please let us know using our contact
details in
section 12
.
Who this policy applies to:
This policy applies to visitors to our website and app and users who register
to receive updates, newsletters, and partner offers;
Please click on the link above to find out the information that we collect about
you and how we use this information.
What this policy contains:
This privacy policy describes the following important topics relating to your information (you can
click on the links to find out more):
How we obtain your personal information
Collection of your personal information and how we use it
Our legal basis for using your personal information
How and why we share your personal information with others
How long we store your personal information
Your rights
Children
Marketing
Where we may transfer your personal information
Risks and how we keep your personal information secure
Links to other websites
Changes to this privacy policy
Further questions and how to make a complaint
Your rights to object:
You have various
rights in respect of our use of your personal information as set out in
section 6
.
Two of the fundamental rights to be aware of are that:
You may ask us to stop using your personal information for
    direct-marketing purposes. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal
    information for this purpose.
You may ask us to consider any valid objections which you
    have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the
    basis of our, or another person's, legitimate interest.
You can find out more information in
section 6
.
What you need to do and your confirmation to us:
Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your
personal information. By engaging with us in the ways set out in this privacy policy, you
confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this privacy policy, as it applies to
you.
The detail – the key information you should be aware of
How we obtain your personal information
You may provide us with your personal information
                voluntarily.
You may give us personal information about yourself by using
                the online form provided on our website or app, or by contacting us by phone, email, social
                media or other means.
We may also collect personal information based on your
                interaction with the website and emails.
Collection of your personal information and how we use it
Visitors to our website and/or app and users who register to become GB News Members or for a user account or to
receive updates, newsletters, and partner offers
What personal information we collect about you
We, may collect and use any of the following information about you:
your name including your title
your postal address (including your postcode)
your email address
your phone number
your gender
your age and date of birth
your profession
financial details including payment card details, your billing address, for example, if you paid for services or membership
information provided when you correspond with us
information that you provide in the comment section of our
                            site
any updates to information provided to us
information you provide when filling out our surveys
personal information we collect about you
profile data including your username and password when you
                            register for an account
your preferences in receiving marketing from us
technical data from advertising networks such as Google Ad
                            Manager
the following information created and recorded automatically
                            when you visit our website and/or app:
Technical information
This includes: the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet
                                        address; the website address and country from which you access information; the files requested;
                                        browser type and version; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system; and platform. We
                                        use this personal information to administer our website and app, to measure the efficiency of
                                        our systems and to undertake an analysis on the locations from which people access our webpages
Information about your visit and your behaviour on our
                                        website
(for example, the pages that you click on).
This may include the website you visit before and after visiting our website (including date and time),
                                        time and length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling,
                                        clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, traffic data, location
                                        data, weblogs and other communication data and information provided when requesting further
                                        service or downloads
How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
to allow you to access and use our website and/or
                            app
for improvement and maintenance of our website and/or app
                            and to provide technical support for our website and/or app
to ensure the security of our website and/or app
to recognise you when you return to our website and/or app,
                            to store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customise the website and/or app
                            according to your individual interests
to send you editorial content, newsletters and third party
                            messages which we consider will be of the most interest to you
to serve you with targeted advertising and marketing
to provide you with tailored editorial information by
                            collecting data about you in order to build a profile of your preferences based on your activity
                            when you use the website and/or app and complete our surveys
to compile surveys based on the information you have
                            provided
to evaluate your visit to the website and/or app and prepare
                            reports or compile statistics to understand the type of people who use our website and/or app,
                            how they use our website and/or app and to make our website and/or app more intuitive. Such
                            details will be anonymised as far as reasonably possible and you will not be identifiable from
                            the information collected.
Please see sections 2.2 and 2.3 for more details about how we use your
                        personal information.
A word about cookies
Some pages on our website use cookies, which are small files
                            placed on your internet browser when you visit our website. We use cookies in order to offer you
                            a more tailored experience in the future, by understanding and remembering your particular
                            browsing preferences.
Where we use cookies on our website, you may block these at
                            any time. To do so, you can activate the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the
                            setting of all or some cookies. You can also control your cookie settings with our
consent management platform
. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies
                            (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our website or to
                            use all the functionality provided through our website.
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for
                            which we use them, please refer to our cookies policy
here
.
We may also collect, use and store your personal information for the following additional reasons:
if you register for any of our services by utilising your Google login details or information you will consent to us being provided with your Google profile information by Google to the extent publicly available
to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about how we
                    collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the
                    information we hold about you. If we do not have a contract with you, we may process your
                    personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests for customer
                    services purposes
when you sign up to any paid for service(s) from us including the processing of your credit or debit card details
for internal corporate reporting, business administration,
                    ensuring adequate insurance coverage for our business, ensuring the security of company
                    facilities, research and development, and to identify and implement business efficiencies.
                    We may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate
                    interests to do so
to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which
                    apply to us – this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate
                    interests or the legitimate interests of others to comply, as well as where we are legally
                    required to do so
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights –
                    this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the
                    legitimate interests of others, as well as where we are legally required to do so
Further processing
                Before using your personal information for any purposes which fall outside
                those set out in this section 2, we will undertake an analysis to establish if our new use of your
                personal information is compatible with the purposes set out in this section 2. Please contact us using
                the details in
section 12
if you want further information on the analysis we will
                undertake.
Legal basis for use of your personal information
We consider that the legal bases for using your personal
        information as set out in this privacy policy are as follows:
our use of your personal information is necessary to perform
            our obligations under any contract with you (for example, to comply with the terms of use of our
            website and/or app which you accept by browsing our website and/or app and/or to comply with our
            contract to provide services to you (including without limitation membership subscription,
competitions, offers or your user account)
or to receive services from you or your employer); or
our use of your personal information is necessary for
            complying with our legal obligations; or
where neither of these apply, use of your personal
            information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for
            example, to ensure the security of our website). Our legitimate interests are to:
run, grow and develop our business
carry out marketing, market research and business
                            development
to build a profile of your interests and preferences so that
                            we can deliver targeted marketing and advertising to you. You can read more about our use
                            of third-party advertising companies in the Marketing section below
for internal administrative purposes.
If we rely on our (or another person's) legitimate interests for using your
                            personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person's) legitimate interests are not outweighed
                            by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of the personal
                            information. You can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details at
section 12
.
We may use your special categories of data (such as
        political and religious views and health and wellbeing information) where you have provided your
        consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving it, as described below).
We may process your personal information in some cases for
        marketing purposes on the basis of your consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving
        it, as described below).
If we rely on your consent for us to use your personal information in a
        particular way, but you later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us
        at
community@gbnews.com
and we will
        stop doing so. However, if you withdraw your consent, this may impact the ability for us to be
        able to provide broadcasting and associated services to you.
How and why we share your personal information with others
We may share your personal information with our group
            companies where it is in our legitimate interests to do so for internal administrative purposes
            (for example, for corporate strategy, compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and
            development and quality assurance).
We will share your personal information with the following
            third parties or categories of third parties:
Mailchimp, a marketing platform based in the United States
                    who will provide registered users with newsletters
PublishLab, a marketing agency which hosts our Koris365 IT
                    solution
Advertising networks such as Google Ad Manager (for more
                    information about how third party advertisers collect and use your information, please see the
                    Marketing section below)
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the
                    improvement and optimisation of our website.
analytics
and service providers that assist us to understand the activities and
preferences of the users of our services in order to improve and optimise the
services we provide to them and enhance our business offerings and activities.
Any third parties with whom we share your personal
                information are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use your personal
                information for any purpose other than to provide services for us. We will always ensure that
                any third parties with whom we share your personal information are subject to privacy and
                security obligations consistent with this privacy policy and applicable laws.
We will also disclose your personal information to third parties:
where it is in our legitimate interests to do so to run,
                    grow and develop our business:
if we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose
                            your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
if substantially all of our or any of our affiliates' assets are acquired by a third party, 
                                in which case personal information held by us will be one
                                of the transferred assets
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal
                        information in order to comply with any legal obligation, any lawful request from government or
                        law enforcement officials and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement
                        requirements or prevent illegal activity
in order to enforce or apply our terms of use, our terms and
                        conditions for customers or any other agreement or to respond to any claims, to protect our
                        rights or the rights of a third party, to protect the safety of any person or to prevent any
                        illegal activity
to protect the rights, property, or safety of GB News, our
                        staff, our customers or other persons. This may include exchanging personal information with
                        other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
We may also disclose and use anonymised, aggregated
                reporting and statistics about users of our website and/or app or our goods and services for the
                purpose of internal reporting or reporting to our group or other third parties, and for our
                marketing and promotion purposes. None of these anonymised, aggregated reports or statistics
                will enable our users to be personally identified.
Save as expressly detailed above, we will never share, sell
                or rent any of your personal information to any third party without notifying you and, where
                necessary, obtaining your consent. If you have given your consent for us to use your personal
                information in a particular way, but later change your mind, you should contact us and we will
                stop doing so.
How long we store your personal information
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the
            purposes for which the personal information is processed. The length of time for which we retain
            personal information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to
            comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Your rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal
                information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to
                exercise any of them, please contact us via email at
community@gbnews.com
at any time. You have the
                following rights:
Right of access.
You have a
                    right of access to any personal information we hold about you. You can ask us for a copy
                    of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used
                    by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in
                    place if we transfer your information outside of the United Kingdom.
Right to update your information.
You have a right to request an update to any of your personal information which is
                    out of date or incorrect.
Right to delete your information.
You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding
                    about you in certain specific circumstances. You can ask us for further information on
                    these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in
section 12
.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information
                    unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients
                    are, using the contact details in
section 12
.
Right to restrict use of your information
: You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal
                    information in certain specific circumstances. You can ask us for further information on
                    these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in
section 12
.
We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal
                    information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the
                    recipients are using the contact details in
section 12
.
Right to stop marketing
: You
                    have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
                    If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this
                    purpose.
Right to data portability
: You have a right to
                    ask us to provide your personal information
                    to a third party provider of services.
This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis
                    of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by
                    automated means.
Right to object.
You have a
                    right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal
                    information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another
                    person's legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response
                within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you
                we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain
                personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if
                we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish,
                exercise or defend legal claims.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when
                responding to your request. We may request you provide us with information necessary to
                confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
Children
We do not and will not knowingly collect information from any unsupervised child under the age of 13. The website and/or app is not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Marketing
Marketing from us
We may collect and use your personal information for
                        undertaking marketing by email telephone and post.
We may send you certain marketing communications (including
                        electronic marketing communications) if it is in our legitimate interests to do so for marketing
                        and business development purposes or, if you are a sole trader or a non-limited liability
                        partnership if you have consented to receive such electronic marketing information.
However, we will always obtain your consent to direct
                        marketing communications where we are required to do so by law and if we intend to disclose your
                        personal information to any third party for such marketing.
Where you have consented to receive marketing communications or email subscriptions from us we may send you information, offers and materials you have requested or we believe may be of interest to you.
If you wish to stop receiving marketing communications, you can contact
                        us by email at
community@gbnews.com
or by changing the settings on your registered user
account profile.
Third party advertising
We want to make sure that our
                        advertising and marketing is relevant and interesting to you and our other users. To achieve
                        this, we use third-party advertising and technology companies to serve ads and/or provide
                        aggregated data to assist in serving ads when you visit or use the services. This includes third
                        party technology companies which collect data about you in order to build a profile of your
                        preferences based on your activities when you visit or use the services. We also use these
                        companies to automatically collect data from you when you use the services in order to help us
                        identify the ads that are served to you and what you do after seeing those ads. In addition, we
                        also share data with providers of web analytics tools, such as Google Ad Manager.
These third party advertising companies collect, store and
                        use data about you by integrating cookies and other tracking technologies on the Services.
                        Please see our Cookie Policy for further information. In some cases these third parties will
                        also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, for example they may: aggregate your
                        data with other data they hold and use this to inform advertising related services provided to
                        other clients; and work with other advertising companies and share your personal information
                        with such companies as part of the process.
You can control how cookies are set on your device [by
                        opting out of certain cookies on our site], by using your browser settings and, in some cases,
                        the settings on your mobile device. You can also control your cookie settings with our 
			consent management platform.
Where we may transfer your personal information
Your personal information may be used, stored and/or accessed by
                staff operating outside the UK or the EEA working for us, other members of our group or suppliers.
                Further details on to whom your personal information may be disclosed are set out in
section
                4
.
If we provide any personal information about you to any such
                non-UK and non-EEA members of our group or suppliers, we will take appropriate measures to ensure
                that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this privacy
                policy. These measures may include the following:
there is an adequacy decision by the UK in the case of
                    transfers out of the UK, or by the European Commission in the case of transfers out of the EEA,
                    which means that the recipient country is deemed to provide adequate protection for such personal
                    data
where the transfer of personal data is to a member of
                    our group, and we have in place binding corporate rules with such member which safeguard the
                    personal data and which have been validated by
the ICO
or the relevant supervisory authority
where we have in place standard model contractual
                    arrangements with the recipient which have been approved by the European Commission (or the UK in
                    due course). These model contractual clauses include certain safeguards to protect the personal
                    data
Risks and how we keep your personal information secure
The main risk of our processing of your personal information
            is if it is lost, stolen or misused. This could lead to your personal information being in
            the hands of someone else who may use it fraudulently or make public, information that you would
            prefer to keep private.
For this reason, GB News is committed to protecting your
            personal information from loss, theft and misuse. We take all reasonable precautions to
            safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including through use of appropriate
            organisational and technical measures such as encryption, passwords and anti-virus
            software.
In the course of provision of your personal information to
            us, your personal information may be transferred over the internet. Although we make every
            effort to protect the personal information which you provide to us, the transmission of
            information over the internet is not completely secure. As such, you acknowledge and accept that
            we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website and
            that any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information,
            we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access to it.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access your online account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us.  These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement  of the activities of such third-party websites or any association with their operators. This privacy  policy only applies to the personal information that we collect or which we receive from third party  sources, and we cannot be responsible for personal information about you that is collected and stored by third parties. Third party websites have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you should read these carefully before you submit any personal information to these websites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept any responsibility or liability for the content of such third party websites or third party terms and conditions or policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by post or email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Further questions and how to make a complaint
If you have any queries or complaints about our collection, use or
            storage of your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation
            to your personal information, please contact
launch@gbnews.uk
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any such complaint or dispute regarding the use or disclosure
            of your personal information.
You may also make a complaint to
the Information
            Commissioner's Office
or the data protection regulator in the country where you usually
            live or work, or where an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation has
            taken place. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your
            rights have been breached.
The practices described in this privacy policy statement are current as of 1st February 2023.
Updated 10th November 2023