Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains how Native Games Studio (“Native Games Studio”, “we”) collects, stores and processes your personal data, when you use any of our mobile games (the “Game”, “Service”).
Please note that this Policy only applies to information collected or received by Native Games Studio via your use of the Service. We collect your personal information only as it is technically required to provide the Service or improve its performance. By no means will we sell or unlawfully pass the collected data to third parties for any other reasons.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites, services, or applications, even if they are accessible through any of our Services.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided by this Policy. If you don’t accept these terms, please, do not use the Service.
What information we collect:
Technical Data
We may collect some non-personal Technical Data about the device you’re using when playing our games, such as mobile operating system, screen resolution, device vendor, language. We collect this data automatically when you use our Services or play our Games. We may also collect such information as your IP address, advertising ID, and other technologies on the devices that you use in our Services.
Whenever you play our Games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game via server log files. This information does not contain information that will help us identify you. We need this information so that we can provide you with the Services, improve their quality, adapt them to your needs.
The listed data is collected automatically when you play our Games or use our Services.
Location Data
We may collect data about your city or country so we can provide you with the correct version of the Game or Service.
We do not collect data about your exact location (address) in any case.
Personal Information
We do not collect and process any personally identifiable information such as your name, date of birth, address and other.
You may provide us with your Contact information, such as your phone number and email when you contact us with a question or request. We will use this information only for the purpose of answering your request. We will not store this information on our servers or transmit it.
We do not collect or store any financial data because the processing of your financial data is done by your chosen payment service provider, such as iTunes, Google Play, etc.
How we use your data
We use the information we collect only for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service;
To monitor the usage of the Service;
To detect, prevent and address technical issues;
To provide customer care and support;
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service;
To notify you about changes to our Service.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
Disclosure Of Data
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation;
To protect and defend the rights or property of Native Games Studio;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public;
To protect against legal liability.
Deletion of Data
If you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy.
To request the account or other data deletion, please contact us via email address:
contact@nativegames.me
. You will get a response within three business days. We may ask for your written confirmation of the request.
Security Measures
We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain reasonable safeguards designed to secure and prevent unauthorized access to the information in our possession. While we take reasonable precautions against possible loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, no storage system or transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately contact us.
Policy concerning children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children who are under the age of 13 (or the age otherwise defined under applicable law) without parental consent or unless permitted by applicable law.
If we discover that we have inadvertently collected personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13), we will take all reasonable measures to erase this information from our records as soon as possible.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If this Privacy Policy changes in any way, we will post an updated version on this page. We recommend you regularly review this page to ensure that you are always aware of our information practices and any changes in our practices.
Contact Us
If you have questions about these Terms, please contact us via the contact form at our site:
nativegames.me
or send us email to
contact@nativegames.me
Last Update: 25.05.2022
OLEKSANDR SERHIIOVYCH CHEZGHANOV, FOP.
You can request that we delete your data that we store on any of your accounts or that we collected while from you while you were using the Service.