Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the app’s Terms of Service and is deemed to be a consent to be bound by all services that offered by our application. It explains how we protect user’s privacy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not download, install and use the product, or delete it immediately. By continuing to access or use our services, you are agreeing to be bound by the policy. Please read the following terms carefully  before using the application and its services.
We respect and protect all users’ private privacy; we will never and shall not have the right to disclosure your information to the third parties for any purposes without users’ permission.
Data Privacy
We donot store or share any of the content you create with this application.
User Privacy
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We do not store/collect/distribute any personal information (like name, address, debit or credit card or any bank information) by this app.
That means, we do not collect any kind of information transmitted through our network.
Information we automatically collect
Device Information
We may collect information about your mobile device, including its model, operating system type and version, unique identifiers, language, mobile network information and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Service.
Third-party Disclosure
We do not store any Information on our servers; We do not share any user information with any third parties; We do not sell or trade your Data to third parties.
How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
Customer Support
When you request for customer support, we ask for your email address and other contact information, so that we can get back to you with our response regarding your feedback. We also collect information regarding your support request. You may contact us with any questions or comments via email at aestheticwidgets@goldlinkages.com