Privacy Policy
Along with the Cookie Policy, this Privacy Policy explains how we, Financielle Limited, (“Financielle, “we” or “us”) use any personal information provided to us. Please read it carefully. We may change this policy. We will post any changes on this page, so please check back frequently. If we make any significant changes we will notify you separately.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect the following personal information about you in three ways:
Information you provide to us:
You may provide us with information in several ways, including by registering for our services or by corresponding with us by phone and email. This includes information you provide when you register for the App, sign up to receive our newsletters, enter any competition, promotion or survey or provide feedback on our services.
Information we collect about you:
When you use our App and website, we automatically collect information about your device, including your IP address, information about your visit (including how you got to our websites) and how you use our services. We may combine this information with other information you have provided to us or which we have received from other sources.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may work with third parties (for example, business partners, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. This could include socio-demographic information and information about your likely interests based on your previous web browsing and purchases. We may combine this information with other information you have provided to us or which we collected about you.
Why and how do we use your personal data?
We use your personal information for the following purposes :
Providing our services to you and fulfilling your requests:
Providing you with the information, products and services you request from us.
Administering promotions or competitions that you enter with us.
Allowing you to participate in our App features when you choose to do so.
Marketing and advertising:
Providing you and others with information about goods and services that we or other third parties offer that may interest you or them.
Customising or enhancing your experience of our services, which may use inferences about your likely interests based on your online activity.
Delivering relevant advertising to you on the App, our website or in direct communications from us, which may use inferences about your likely interests based on your activity online.
Measuring and understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others.
Service improvement and account management
Ensuring that our content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
Administering our website and App and for internal business administration (for example, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes).
Protecting our interests and those of third parties and as part of our efforts to keep our services safe and secure.
Managing your preferences (for example, your subscription to our newsletter) and account with us.
Legal basis for processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information for the purposes described above will typically be the following:
Legitimate interests
It is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information to operate, improve and promote our services (for example, when we customise your experience of our services or use your information for analytics purposes) and to protect our business.
When is your personal information shared with or collected by third parties?
We share your information where you ask us to, where it’s a necessary part of doing business with you and providing you with the services,or where we need to for legal reasons. We may also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Product suppliers and brokers
We provide your personal information to the brokers and suppliers whose products and services are listed on our App to help you find and buy their products and services.  When you buy products or services from these suppliers, their own privacy policies will apply to how they use your personal information. You can find these privacy policies on their websites and you should check that you are happy with them before completing your transaction.
Our service providers
We may provide your personal information to our business partners, suppliers and subcontractors who provide services to us or where necessary to perform a service that you have requested.
Advertisers and advertising networks
We may provide your personal information to our partner advertisers and advertising networks that require that information to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Analytics and search engine providers
We may provide information about your visit to analytics and search engine providers to help us improve and optimise our services. We generally only share this information in a form that does not directly identify you.
If we sell or buy any business or assets
We may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of that business or those assets, along with its professional advisers. If Financielle (or substantially all of its assets) is acquired, personal information held by it about its users will be one of the transferred assets.
To obtain professional advice
We may disclose your personal information to obtain professional advice (for example, from lawyers or financial advisors).
To comply with a legal obligation
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to a request from law enforcement or another regulatory authority. We may disclose your personal information to enforce our agreements with you or to protect the rights, property or safety of Financielle, its users or others. This includes sharing personal information with other organisations for fraud prevention purposes.
How long do we store your personal data?
Your personal data is processed in the UK. We may transfer, store or process your personal information outside of the UK/European Economic Area (“EEA”). The laws in some countries may not provide as much legal protection for your personal information as in the UK/EEA.
By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Where we use service providers outside the UK/EEA, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms (for example, the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and the EU-US Privacy Shield) to ensure that your personal information is adequately safeguarded in the recipient country.
Unfortunately, transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee its security and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We keep your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. These periods vary depending on the nature of the information and your interactions with us.
Do we use cookies or similar?
We use cookies and other similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our websites and App (including when you browse third party websites). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our services (for example, to remember your login details and improve our services). We also use cookies and similar technologies to show you more personalised advertising, including Financielle ads on other websites. You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies but some of our services may not work if you do so.
How is your personal information used for advertising?
Our third party advertisers and advertising network providers (“Ad Providers”) may provide you with ads on our websites and apps or on other websites. To make those ads more relevant and help measure their effectiveness, the Ad Providers may use cookies and similar technologies. They record your activity (including pages visited) and estimate what information interests you most. They use this information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Links to third party websites
Our websites and App may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy does not apply to those other websites and we do not accept liability for the content of any other website. Please check the privacy policy of any other website before submitting any personal information to it.
What are your choices and rights?
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can do this at any time by updating your email preferences by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email we send you or by contacting us using the details below.
Data protection law gives you the right to access your personal information, to object to the use of your personal information for certain purposes, and the right to erase, restrict or receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information. To access, update and delete the personal information we hold about you, please email hello@financielle.com or contact us using the address below.
Who are we and how can you contact us?
Financielle Limited is the Data Controller of your personal information. If you have questions about this privacy policy or the way in which Financielle processes your personal information, you can contact us at hello@financielle.com
Download the Financielle app now
Never be overwhelmed by money again.