Quiver Quantitative Privacy
Notice
Last modified: 8/24/2022
1.
Introduction
Quiver
Quantitative, Inc. (“
Quiver Quantitative
” or
“
we
” or
“
us
”) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through
our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy
Notice (our “
Privacy Notice
”) describes the types of information we may
collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.quiverquant.com
(“
Website
”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining,
protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy
applies to information we collect:
·
on our Website;
·
in email, text, and other
electronic messages between you and our Website; and
·
through our mobile application that
you download from our Website, the Apple App Store, or Google Play store (“
Mobile
App”)
, which provides dedicated non-browser-based interaction between
you and our Website.
It does not
apply to information collected by:
·
us offline or through any other
means, including on any other website operated by Quiver Quantitative or any third-party;
·
us or any of our affiliates or
subsidiaries related to your or any other individual’s employment or potential
employment with us; or
·
any third party, including through
any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible
from or on the Website.
Please read
this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices
regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with
our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing
or using this Website and/or our Mobile App, you agree to this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice may change from time to time (see
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
). Your continued use of this Website and/or our
Mobile App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes,
so please check this Privacy Notice periodically for updates.
2.
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Website and Mobile App are not intended for children under
18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to the Website
or Mobile App. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18.
If you are under 18, do not use our Website or Mobile App, register on the Website
or Mobile App, make any purchases through the Website or Mobile App, or provide
any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone
number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn
we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 18 without
verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you
believe we might have information directly from a child under 18, please
contact us at legal@quiverquant.com.
3.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Throughout this Privacy Notice, the term “
Personal Data
”
means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is
capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or
indirectly, with a particular individual or device. However, Personal Data does
not include any deidentified or aggregated information.
Generally
We collect Personal Data from various sources, including:
·
directly from you when you provide it to us; and
·
automatically as you navigate through the Website or Mobile App.
Information
You Provide to Us
We collect the following types of Personal Data directly from
you when you access or use our Website or Mobile App or make a purchase of our
products or services: real name, username/alias, unique personal identifier,
email address, credit or debit card number, and billing address country and zip
code. In addition, we also collect other types of information that you may
provide when you fill out a form or through your correspondence with us.
The Personal Data we collect on or through our Website or
Mobile App includes:
·
information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website
or Mobile App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to
use our Website or Mobile App or when subscribing to our services. We may also
ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or Mobile
App;
·
records and copies of your correspondence (including email
addresses), if you contact us;
·
your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for
research purposes;
·
and details of transactions you carry out through our Website or
Mobile App and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to
provide financial information before placing an order through our Website or
Mobile App.
When you purchase
products or services, our payment processor, Stripe, may collect additional Personal
Data as described in the
Stripe
Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data
Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or
Mobile App, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect
certain Personal Data about your interaction with our Website or Mobile App,
including information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns:
·
details of your visits to our Website or Mobile App. This
includes: browsing history, search history, traffic data, location data, logs, referring/exit
pages, date and time of your visit to our Website or Mobile App, error
information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources
that you access, use, or otherwise interact with on the Website or Mobile App;
·
Information about your computer and internet connection, i.e.,
your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include Personal
Data, or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in
other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website or
Mobile App and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us
to:
·
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
·
store information about your preferences;
·
customize our Website or Mobile App according to your individual
interests; and
·
recognize you when you return to our Website or Mobile App.
Details
about the automated data collection technologies and the specific cookies that
we use can be found by accessing our cookie consent manager through the
“cookies” link of our Website or in our Mobile App.
The technologies we use for this automatic
data collection may include:
·
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of
your computer. Our Website or Mobile App may use both session cookies (which
expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your
computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and
interactive experience on our Website or Mobile App. Except as otherwise
described in a jurisdiction specific addendum that applies to you, our Website
will place cookies on your device when you access our Website in accordance with
your preferences. You may change your preferences at any time by clicking the
“cookies” link on our Website or in the Mobile App. You can also set your
browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent. However, if you do not consent to our use of cookies by refusing
cookies in your browser you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website
or Mobile App. You can find more information about cookies at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
and
http://youronlinechoices.eu
.
·
Session Cookies
. Our use of cookies also includes “session cookies.” Each
time you access the Website, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier
is placed on your browser. These session cookies allow us to uniquely identify
you when you use the Website and track which pages of the Website you access.
Session cookies are required to use certain areas of the Website.
·
Web Beacons.
Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain
small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs,
pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Quiver Quantitative, for
example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for
other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of
certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications on the Website
are served by third-parties, including content providers, analytics providers,
social media companies, and application providers. These third parties may use
cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies
to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they
collect may be associated with your Personal Data or they may collect
information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time
and across different websites and other online services. They may use this
information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or
other targeted content.
4.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you
provide to us, including any Personal Data:
·
to provide and personalize our Website or Mobile App and their content
to you;
·
to provide you with information, products, or services that you
request from us;
·
to support, develop, troubleshoot, and debug our Website,
products, and services;
·
to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us;
·
to
process your requests, purchases, transactions,
and payments and prevent transactional fraud;
·
to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscriptions,
including expiration and renewal notices;
·
to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries,
including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our
responses;
·
to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our
Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and
business;
·
for internal testing, research, analysis, and product
development, including to develop and improve our Website, and to develop,
improve, or demonstrate our products and services;
·
debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing
intended functionality;
·
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from
any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and
collection;
·
to notify you about changes to our Website or Mobile App or any
products or services we offer or provide through them;
·
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
·
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; and
·
for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own products
and services that may be of interest to you. If you wish to stop being
contacted, you may do so by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of
our emails, or by sending us an email stating your request at legal@quiverquant.com.
5.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal
Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Notice. However, we
may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does
not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide
as described in this Privacy Notice:
·
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
·
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use
to support our business. These entities provide IT and infrastructure support
services and payment processing services. Our payment processors’ privacy
policies may be found at
https://stripe.com/privacy
;
·
to a potential or actual buyer or other successor in the event of
a planned or actual merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Quiver Quantitative’s
assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or
similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Quiver Quantitative about
our Website’s and/or Mobile App’s users is among the assets transferred;
·
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
·
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information; and
·
with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Data:
·
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including
to respond to any government or regulatory request;
·
to enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other
agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and
·
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect
the rights, property, or safety of Quiver Quantitative, our customers, or
others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
6.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We do not control the collection and use of your information
collected by third parties described above in
Disclosure of Your Information
. When
possible, these organizations are under contractual obligations to use this
data only for providing the services to us and to keep this information
strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the
information they collect with information from their other customers for their
own purposes.
In addition, we strive to provide you with choices regarding
the Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you
with control over your Personal Data:
·
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your
browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our
Website or Mobile App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
·
Promotional Offers from Quiver Quantitative.
We will only
use your email address to promote our own products and services. If we have
sent you a promotional email, you may click the unsubscribe link in the body of
that email to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not
apply to information provided to Quiver Quantitative as a result of a product or
service purchase.
We do not control
third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based
advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose
not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can learn more
about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options from
members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“
NAI
”) on its website (
www.networkadvertising.org
) and
from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance on its website (
www.aboutads.info
).
7.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Data
You may send us an
email at legal@quiverquant.com to request access to, correct, or delete any Personal
Data that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your Personal Data except
by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change
information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement
or cause the information to be incorrect.
The jurisdiction in which you are a
resident or are located may provide you with additional rights and choices
regarding your Personal Data. Please see
Jurisdiction-Specific
Privacy Rights
for more Information.
8.
Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Rights
The law in some jurisdictions
may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of Personal Data. To
learn more about any additional rights that may be applicable to you as a
resident of one of these jurisdictions, please see the privacy addendum for
your state that is attached to this Privacy Notice.
Your GDPR Privacy
Rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area,
Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the additional rights described in
our
GDPR Privacy Addendum
.
9.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal
Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and
disclosure. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on
you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access
to certain parts of our Website or Mobile App, you are responsible for keeping
this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the
internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal
Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our
Website or Mobile App. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security
measures deployed on the Website or Mobile App.
10.
Consent to Processing of Personal Data in the United States
In
order to provide our Website or Mobile App, products, and services to you, we
may send and store your Personal Data outside of the country where you reside
or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide an
equivalent level of protection for your Personal Data. Your Personal Data may
be processed and stored in the United States and United States federal, state,
and local governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be
able to obtain disclosure of your information through the laws of the United
States. By using our Website or Mobile App, you represent that you have read
and understood the above and hereby consent to the storage and processing of
Personal Data outside the country where you reside or are located, including in
the United States.
Your
Personal Data is transferred by Quiver Quantitative to another country only if
it is required or permitted under applicable data protection law and provided
that there are appropriate safeguards in place to protect your Personal Data.
To ensure your Personal Data is treated in accordance with this Privacy Notice
when we transfer it to a third party, Quiver Quantitative uses Data Protection
Agreements between Quiver Quantitative and all other recipients of your Personal
Data when legally required.
11.
Changes
to Our Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time. It is our
policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Notice on this page. If we
make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we will notify
you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a
notice on the Website or Mobile App’ home page. The date this Privacy Notice was
last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for
ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you,
and for periodically visiting our Website or Mobile App and this Privacy Notice
to check for any changes.
Your continued use
of our Website or Mobile App following the posting of changes constitutes your
acceptance to such changes.
12.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints, or
suggestions regarding our Privacy Notice or the ways in which we collect and
use your Personal Data described in this Privacy Notice, have any requests
related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, or otherwise need to
contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the
“Contact” page on our Website or Mobile App.
Quiver
Quantitative, Inc.
PO BOX
634
Spring
Green, WI 53588
United
States
legal@quiverquant.com
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stripe.com/privacy#1-personal-data-that-we-collect-and-how-we-use-and-share-it:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.quiverquant.com/gdpraddendum:
Quiver Quantitative GDPR Privacy
Addendum
Last modified: 8/24/2022
1.
Introduction
This GDPR
Privacy Addendum (the “
GDPR Privacy Addendum
”) supplements the
information contained in our Privacy Notice (our
“Privacy Notice
”) and
applies solely to the users of our Website and/or Mobile App who are located in
the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We adopt this
GDPR Privacy Addendum to comply with the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation, and any laws implementing the foregoing by any member
states of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (including the UK Data
Protection Act and the UK-GDPR), and or Switzerland (collectively, the “
GDPR
”).
Unless otherwise defined in this GDPR Privacy Addendum, any terms defined in
the GDPR or our Privacy Notice have the same meaning when used in this GDPR
Privacy Addendum. When this GDPR Privacy Addendum is applicable to you, it
takes precedence over anything contradictory in our Privacy Notice.
2.
Data Controller, Data Protection Officer, and Representative
Quiver Quantitative is the
data controller of your Personal Data. At this time, Quiver Quantitative is not
required to appoint a Data Protection Officer or representatives in either the European
Union or the United Kingdom, and has elected not to do so. Quiver Quantitative
may be contacted in any manner set forth below in the “
Contact Information
” Section of this GDPR Privacy Addendum.
3.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
The Personal Data we collect and the ways in which we collect
it is described in our Privacy Notice.
The Personal Data we collect from you is required to enter
into a contract with Quiver Quantitative, for Quiver Quantitative to perform
under the contract, and to provide you with our products and services. If you
refuse to provide such Personal Data or withdraw your consent to our processing
of Personal Data (when appropriate), then in some cases we may not be able to
enter into the contract or fulfill our obligations to you under it.
4.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
The processing of your Personal
Data is lawful only if it is permitted under the GDPR. We have a lawful basis
for each of our processing activities (except when an exception applies as
described below):
·
Consent.
By using our Website or Mobile App, you consent to
our collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data as described in our Privacy
Notice and this GDPR Privacy Addendum. If you do not consent to the terms of
our Privacy Notice and this GDPR Privacy Addendum, please do not use the Website
or Mobile App;
·
Legitimate Interests.
We will process your Personal Data as necessary for
our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are balanced against your interests
and rights and freedoms and we do not process your Personal Data if your interests
or rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. Our legitimate
interests are to: facilitate communication between Quiver Quantitative and you;
detect and correct bugs and to improve our Website or Mobile App; safeguard our
IT infrastructure and intellectual property; detect and prevent fraud and other
financial crime; promote and market our business; and develop our product and
services.
·
To Fulfill Our Obligations to
You under our Contract.
We process
your Personal Data in order to fulfill our obligations to you pursuant to our contract
with you to deliver our products and services to you.
·
As Required by Law.
We may also process your Personal Data when we are
required or permitted to by law; to comply with government inspections, audits,
and other valid requests from government or other public authorities; to
respond to legal process such as subpoenas; or as necessary for us to protect
our interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies (for instance,
when necessary to prevent or detect fraud, attacks against our network, or
other criminal and tortious activities), defend litigation, and manage
complaints or claims.
5.
Special Categories of Information
Quiver Quantitative does not
ask you to provide, and we do not knowingly collect, any special categories of
Personal Data from you.
6.
Automated Decision Making
Quiver Quantitative does not
use your Personal Data with any automated decision making process, including
profiling, which may produce a legal effect concerning you or similarly
significantly affect you.
7.
How We Use Your Information
We use your
Personal Data as described in our Privacy Notice.
8.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do
not share or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than to
the entities and for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice.
9.
Your Rights Regarding Your Information and Accessing and Correcting Your
Information
The GDPR provides you with certain rights with regards to our
processing of your Personal Data. These rights replace the similar rights
provided in our Privacy Notice or are supplemental to such rights.
·
Access and Update.
You can review and change your Personal
Data by logging into the Website or Mobile App and visiting the
My Account
page. You may also
notify us through the
Contact Information
below of any
changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is
complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We may not be able to accommodate
your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or
cause the information to be incorrect.
·
Restrictions.
You have the right to restrict our
processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances. In particular,
you can request we restrict our use of it if you contest its accuracy, if the
processing of your Personal Data is determined to be unlawful, or if we no
longer need your Personal Data for processing but we have retained it as
permitted by law.
·
Portability.
To the extent the Personal Data you provide Quiver
Quantitative is processed based on your consent and that we process it through
automated means, you have the right to request that we provide you a copy of,
or access to, all or part of such Personal Data in structured, commonly used,
and machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we
transmit this Personal Data to another controller, when technically feasible.
·
Withdrawal of Consent.
To the extent that our processing
of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent
at any time by closing your account. Withdrawing your consent will not,
however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before
its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of our continued processing
that is based on any other lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.
·
Right to be Forgotten.
You have the right to request that
we delete all of your Personal Data. We cannot delete your Personal Data except
by also deleting your user account, and we will only delete your account when
we no longer have a lawful basis for processing your Personal Data or after a
final determination that your Personal Data was unlawfully processed. We may
not accommodate a request to erase information if we believe the deletion would
violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
In all other cases, we will retain your Personal Data as set forth in this
policy. In addition, we cannot completely delete your Personal Data as some
data may rest in previous backups. These will be retained for the periods set
forth in our disaster recovery policies.
·
Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with
the applicable supervisory authority in the country you live in, the country
you work in, or the country where you believe your rights under applicable data
protection laws have been violated. However, before doing so, we request that
you contact us directly in order to give us an opportunity to work directly
with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.
·
How You May Exercise Your Rights.
You may exercise any of
the above rights by contacting us through any of the methods listed under
Contact Information
below. If you contact us to exercise
any of the foregoing rights, we may ask you for additional information to
verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you
have failed to provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to
satisfy our legal and business requirements. Please note that if you make
unfounded, repetitive, or excessive requests (as determined in our reasonable
discretion) to access your Personal Data, you may be charged a fee subject to a
maximum set by applicable law.
10.
Consent to Processing of Personal Data In Other Countries Outside the
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom
In order to provide our Website
or Mobile App, products, and services to you, we may send and store your
Personal Data outside of the EEA or the United Kingdom, including to the United
States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred outside the country
where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not
provide an equivalent level of protection for your Personal Data. Your
information may be processed and stored in the United States and United States
federal, state, and local governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory
agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through the laws
of the United States. By using our Website or Mobile App , you represent that
you have read and understood the above and hereby consent to the storage and
processing of Personal Data outside the country where you reside or are
located, including in the United States.
Your Personal Data is
transferred by Quiver Quantitative to another country only if it is required or
permitted under the GDPR and provided that there are appropriate safeguards in
place to protect your Personal Data. To ensure your Personal Data is treated in
accordance with our Privacy Notice and this GDPR Privacy Addendum when we
transfer it to a third party, Quiver Quantitative uses Data Protection
Agreements between Quiver Quantitative and all other recipients of your data
that include, where applicable, the standard contractual clauses adopted by the
European Commission and/or the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United
Kingdom (collectively, the “
Standard Contractual Clauses
”). The European
Commission and the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom have
determined that the transfer of Personal Data pursuant to the Standard
Contractual Clauses provides for an adequate level of protection of your
Personal Data, however, the Standard Contractual Clauses may need to be
supplemented in some cases with additional measures on a case-by-case basis
after an analysis that such supplemental measures can provide you with an
essentially equivalent level of protection as afforded in the EEA and/or the UK.
When, as a result of this analysis, we believe this to be appropriate and
necessary, the Standard Contractual Clauses have been supplemented in this way.
Under these Standard Contractual Clauses, you have the same rights as if your Personal
Data was not transferred to such third country. You may request a copy of the
Data Protection Agreement by contacting us through the
Contact Information
below.
11.
Data Retention Periods
Quiver Quantitative will
retain your Personal Data for the entire time that you keep your account open.
After this period, we may retain your Personal Data for 2 years, or for any of
the reasons listed below, whichever is longer:
·
for as long as necessary to comply
with any legal requirement;
·
on our backup and disaster
recovery systems in accordance with our backup and disaster recovery policies
and procedures;
·
for as long as necessary to
protect our legal interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies;
and
·
for data that has been aggregated
or otherwise rendered anonymous in such a manner that you are no longer
identifiable, indefinitely.
12.
Changes
to This GDPR Privacy Addendum
We may change this GDPR Privacy Addendum at any time. It is
our policy to post any changes we make to our GDPR Privacy Addendum on this
page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we
will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account. The
date this GDPR Privacy Addendum was last revised is identified at the top of
the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and
deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website or
Mobile App and this GDPR Privacy Addendum to check for any changes.
13.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints, or
suggestions regarding our Privacy Notice or this GDPR Privacy Addendum, have
any requests related to your Personal Data described in the Privacy Notice or
this GDPR Privacy Addendum, or otherwise need to contact us, you can do so at
the contact information below or through the “Contact” page on our Website or
Mobile App .
To
Contact Quiver Quantitative (Controller)
Quiver Quantitative,
Inc.
PO BOX
634
Spring
Green, WI 53588
United
States
legal@quiverquant.com