Privacy Policy
Last update: October 26, 2024 at 3PM
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") govern your
      relationship with any apps (the "Service") operated by the SARL
      BerthX ("us", "we", or "our").
SARL BerthX built the Service as a Freemium app. This Service is
      provided by SARL BerthX at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the
      collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided
      to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use
      of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that
      we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to
      provide us with certain personally identifiable information. Some
      informations that we request will be retained on our server so we can
      identify your account.
The Service might store in its servers, pictures, hashtags or publications provided by the user for Service functionality.
The Service might collect your Ads Identifier if you have accepted to share it with us within the app. If you refuse to share this identifier with the Service, then the Service we'll never collect it.
The Service does use third party services that may collect information used to
      identify you. These IDs (such as the ads identifier) will be sent to these third parties only if you have accepted to share it withing the app.
Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the Service:
AdMob
Firebase
Facebook
Google cloud
AppsFlyer
App Lovin
MWM
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an
      error in the app we collect data and information (through third party
      products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include
      information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
      name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when
      utilizing my Service, your account username, the time and date of your use of the Service, and
      other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as
      anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your device from the
      applications that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
      memory. This Service use these “cookies”.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following
      reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have
      access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
      assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
      disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are
      striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But
      remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
      electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
      its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites / Applications
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a
      third-party link, you will be directed to that application. Note that
      these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise
      you to review the Privacy Policy of these applications. We have no control
      over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
      practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not
      knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under
      13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with
      personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
      are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us
      with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do
      necessary actions.
Data deletion
You can request, at any time, deletion of all your data by simply sending us an email at contact@berthx.io
Your privacy is our first concern so once our team receives your request we will promptly delete all your information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised
      to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are
      effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not
      hesitate to contact us at contact@berthx.io
You can also see our Terms of Use