Home
>
Privacy policy
Public Desire
Public Desire Ltd, of Studio House, 40 Invar Road, Swinton, M27 9HF (collectively referred to as “Public Desire”, “we”, “us” and “our” in this privacy notice) is the controller and responsible for your personal data collected through the www.publicdesire.com website (the “website”).
Here at Public Desire Ltd (‘Public Desire’) we are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of your personal data. This privacy notice explains how your data is collected, used, transferred and disclosed by Public Desire. It applies to data collected when you use our websites, when you interact with us through social media, email, or phone, or when you participate in our competitions or events. It covers:
- The personal data we collect
- How we collect your data
- How we use your data
- Marketing preferences, adverts and cookies
- Links to other websites and third parties
- How we share your data
- Your rights
- Changes to this privacy notice
- How to contact us
Your Rights
Here at Public Desire we think it is very important you know your rights when it comes to browsing and buying online. You have several rights under the data privacy legislation. This includes, under certain circumstances, the right to:
request access to your personal datarequest correction of your personal datarequest erasure of your personal data (‘right to be forgotten’)request restriction of processing of your personal datarequest the transfer of your personal dataobject to processing of your personal dataobject to automated decision making
Brief details of each of these rights are set out below. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email us at help.aus@publicdesire.co.uk.
Request access to your personal data
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you and certain information relating to our processing of your personal data.
Request Correction of your personal data
You are entitled to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You can update your personal data at any time by logging into your account and updating your details directly, or by emailing us at help.aus@publicdesire.co.uk.
Request erasure of your personal data
This enables you to request that Public Desire delete your personal data, where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data
You have a right to ask Public Desire to suspend the processing of your personal data in certain scenarios, for example if you want us to establish the accuracy of the data, or you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Where processing is restricted, we are allowed to retain sufficient information about you to ensure that the restriction is respected in future.
Request the transfer of your personal data
You have the right to obtain a digital copy of your personal data or request the transfer of your personal data to another company. Please note though that this right only applies to automated data which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the data to perform a contract with you.
Object to processing of your personal data
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where we believe we have a legitimate interest in processing it (as explained above). You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your data which override your rights and freedoms.
Object to automated decision making and profiling
You have the right to object to the automated processing of your personal data without human intervention. This form of processing is permitted where it is necessary as part of our contract with you, providing that appropriate safeguards are in place or your explicit consent has been obtained.
We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to exercise any of the above rights. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Right to lodge a complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding the way in which we process your data, please email us directly at help.aus@publicdesire.co.uk. You also have the right to make a complaint to the ICO (the data protection regulator in the UK). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please do contact us in the first instance.
Our commitment to you
We take the protection of your personal data seriously and will process your personal data fairly, lawfully and transparently. This privacy notice describes the personal data we are collecting about you and how it is used.
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to:
fulfil your order(s)keep you up to date with the latest offers and trendsgive you a better shopping experiencehelp us to make our marketing more relevant to you and your interestsimprove our servicesmeet our legal responsibilities
How we keep your data safe and secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect your data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
The communication between your browser and our website uses a secure encrypted connection wherever your personal data is involved. We encrypt your data and store it on secure servers hidden behind a firewall.
We require any third party who is contracted to process your personal data on our behalf to have security measures in place to protect your data and to treat such data in accordance with the law.
In the unfortunate event of a personal data breach, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally required to do so.
Klarna
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you. General information on Klarna you can find
here
. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in
Klarna’s privacy policy
.