INTRODUCTION
MUFG Pension & Market Services is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Statement provides a succinct overview of how we collect, use and safeguard your personal information.
MUFG Pension & Market Services is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles [APPs] in the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth). For more information, please refer to our complete
Privacy Policy.
Alternatively, you may wish to refer to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) for detailed information about the APPs.
MUFG Pension & Market Services may make changes to the Privacy Statement from time to time, without notice to any person or third party. This Privacy Statement was last updated on 1 September 2023.
MUFG Pension & Market Services complete Privacy Policy can be accessed
here
or by calling
        +61 1800 502 355 (free call within Australia), 9am–5pm (Sydney time), Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays) and requesting a copy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION HANDLING PRACTICES
Pseudonymity and Anonymity
Individuals dealing with us have the option of being anonymous (nameless) or to use a pseudonym (fictitious name) unless:
we are required or authorised by law or a court or a tribunal order to deal with identified individuals; or
it is impracticable for us to deal with you if you have not identified yourself.
Collection of Personal Information
MUFG Pension & Market Services often acts as an agent for our Clients, and we will only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of our functions or activities; or because it is required under relevant law or regulation.
We normally collect personal information directly from you or your authorised representative(s). Sometimes, we may also collect personal information from a third party, a publicly available source or by other lawful means, but only if:
We have obtained consent from the individual, or the individual would reasonably expect us to collect their personal information; or
It is necessary for a specific purpose such as executing a function or activity in connection with your account; or
Where we are permitted or required to by law.
Dealing with Unsolicited Information
MUFG Pension & Market Services sometimes receives unsolicited information from individuals or other sources. If we determine that we could not have collected the information for one or more of our functions or activities, we will make reasonable efforts to delete, destroy or de-identify the information. Where it is impracticable to do this (for example, the unsolicited information
        is combined with necessary information), the information will be retained, subject to the safeguards detailed in our complete Privacy Policy.
Notification of Collection of Personal Information
MUFG Pension & Market Services often acts as an agent for our Clients. All reasonable steps are taken to notify you of certain matters, or to ensure that you are aware of certain matters, at or before the time of collection, or as soon as practicable afterwards.
Where a form is used to collect personal information, it will generally contain a collection notice (or reference to where a collection notice can be obtained) and individuals may be asked to confirm they have reviewed that notice. Similarly, if you contact us, individuals may hear a recorded privacy script at the commencement of the call.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We will only use or disclose personal information where it is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of our functions or activities; or because it is required under relevant law or regulation.
We do not sell personal information, and we do not give personal information to other organisations unless one or more of the following situations applies:
We have obtained consent from the individual;
The individual would reasonably expect, or has been advised that personal information may be used or disclosed;
If the use or disclosure is required or authorised by law; or
If the use or disclosure relates to one or more
Permitted General Situation
under the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth), including but not limited to, a serious and imminent threat to somebody’s life or health, or if it is reasonably necessary for law enforcement.
MUFG Pension & Market Services takes reasonable steps to confirm that third parties in Australia with whom we deal, are also compliant with the Privacy Act.
As part of providing services to you and in our capacity as a service provider, we may disclose personal information to third parties and/or related bodies corporate that are located outside of Australia, including China (Hong Kong), France, Germany, India, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, and the United Kingdom, the United States of America, and United Arab Emirates.
Direct Marketing
MUFG Pension & Market Services may use the personal information we hold to provide you with information about relevant products and services that may be of interest or benefit to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing material you can opt out at any time by contacting us or by following the unsubscribe instructions that appear in our email communications.
Quality and Security of Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the information we hold about you is relevant, accurate, up-to-date and complete. Furthermore, we take appropriate security measures to protect the personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
All exchanges of personal information between you and our websites go through encrypted channels in order to prevent interception of your personal information. Public access to your personal information via our websites or any web-hosted platform is protected by a login using a personalised user ID and password. You should ensure that your user ID and password are kept secret and not divulged to other people. As our websites are connected to the internet which is inherently insecure, we cannot guarantee the
        personal information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet.
Therefore, your use of our websites is entirely at your own risk. Accordingly, we accept no responsibility or liability for the security of personal information transmitted by you through our websites.
When we no longer need the personal information we hold about you, we will take reasonable steps to delete, destroy or de-identify your personal information.
Access and Correction to Personal Information
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct any personal information we hold about you that is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date.
If an individual is able to establish that their personal information is not accurate, complete and up-to-date, then on request MUFG Pension & Market Services will take reasonable steps to correct it.
If MUFG Pension & Market Services is unable to agree whether personal information is accurate, complete or up-to-date, then an individual may ask us to place with the information a statement claiming that particular information is not accurate, complete or up-to-date.
MUFG Pension & Market Services will generally respond to access and correction requests within 30 days of receipt.
If you have provided us with your email address for communications, you can delete it at any time, but if you do so, we may be unable to provide you with some services and benefits in connection with your account.
Enquiries and Complaints
Individuals may lodge an enquiry directly with us at any time. Complaints should be lodged with us in the first instance and will be dealt with efficiently in accordance with our established internal dispute resolution processes.
We encourage individuals wishing to make enquiries or lodge a complaint about how we handle personal information to do so using any of the following means:
Email
privacy.officer@mpms.mufg.com
Phone
+61 1800 502 355 (free call within Australia), 9am–5pm (Sydney time) Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays)
Mail
Attn: Privacy Officer
MUFG Pension & Market Services
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235
If making a complaint, the individual must describe the nature of the complaint and provide sufficient information to enable MUFG Pension & Market Services to respond. MUFG Pension & Market Services will generally respond in writing to a complaint within 30 days of receipt.
If you are not satisfied with how your complaint has been managed or if we have not responded to your complaint within 30 days, you may refer it to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by visiting
www.oaic.gov.au
, calling 1300 363 992 or by emailing
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mpms.mufg.com/docs/Privacy-Policy.pdf:
