Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
GaelGoer(“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.GaelGoer.ie/GaelGoer Application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy for GaelGoer is powered by
FreePrivacyPolicy.com
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.GaelGoer.ie/GaelGoer Application.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Email Address
Image
Data
Images are shareable through our instant messaging system on the GaelGoer App. Users must request to add another user, once they have confirmed they can chat via text within the application. Images are able to be shared through the messaging system and can be deleted on both ends by either user. Users can also block and report each other if required. Users must be verified and connected with each other to share images, this is the only method to share images through the app.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Location Data
GaelGoer tracks background location (through Google Maps API) to allow the accurate provision of information relating to the following: Events, Other Users, Business locations etc.
Location tracking can be distabled. This will not allow for accurate information to be provided relating to the main GaelGoer functionalities.
Use of Data
GaelGoer uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To supply information to API’s used within the application. Specifically, user general locations, events and business locations (through Google Maps API)
To provide accurate notifications related to the aforementioned APIs
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Ireland and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Ireland and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
GaelGoer will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
GaelGoer may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of GaelGoer
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
ANALYTICS
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: eolas@gaelgoer.ie
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.freeprivacypolicy.com%2Ffree-privacy-policy-generator.php&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3EMaVyDDtAxkH0_rSYcji4:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR plus with the requirements of Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy for your site and for your app.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy.
100% Free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue to Step 2 to Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy for your site & app
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you effectively protect your customers privacy while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the guidelines of the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
Features of the Free Privacy Policy Generator
1-minute questionnaire, free downloads to your PC, and more.
1-minute questionnaire
Our questionnaire takes only minutes. Start, answer our questions and your Privacy Policy is ready.
Compliance
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with the requirements of CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and others.
Guidance all the way
Our questionnaire is very easy to use and we're always here to help you if you have any questions. Just email us.
Download to your PC
Once you completed the questionnaire, you're free to download the Privacy Policy to your PC.
Free Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Answers to the most popular questions about our Free Privacy Policy Generator.
Yes, the Free Privacy Policy Generator is free to use. We provide free policies for websites and apps. You can choose to get our premium & professional Privacy Policy that includes more provisions & clauses to better protect your business, website or app.
Yes, we provide the HTML code of the Privacy Policy that you can simply copy-paste anywhere you'd like.
Yes, we provide free hosting for the Privacy Policy we help you create. You can link to your Privacy Policy from any website, regardless of the content management system or websit builder you use.
Yes, you can choose to include GDPR, CCPA + CPRA text to be added to your Privacy Policy.
How the Free Privacy Policy Generator works
Here's how easy it is to create a Privacy Policy.
01
Start the Free Privacy Policy Generator
02
Download the Free Privacy Policy
03
Add the Free Privacy Policy to your website
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacyhl=en:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.