Company
Customer Support
Terms & Conditions
General Promotions Terms
Responsible Gambling
Kyc
Regulations
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Complaints
Data Protection Notice
Our company aims with the present notice to explain how and for what purposes we process your personal data pursuant to and in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), any applicable national legislation as well as the relevant guidelines and good practices on data protection (the guidelines published by European Data Protection Board (EDPB), the guidelines, recommendations and decisions of the competent authority etc.).
Who we are?
Our company is named «Logflex MT Limited» with a registered office in Naxxar, Malta (MWH Building, Office N.1, Oratory Street, NXR 2504).
According to the applicable data protection legislation, our company acts in the capacity of Data Controller in the context of providing betting services through their website:
www.novibet.ie
.
If you wish to contact the Data Protection Officer of our company, you can do so via the following e-mail address:
dpo@novibet.com
In addition, for your better understanding of the terms related to data protection, we refer you to the “Glossary” section at the end of the present notice.
What personal data do we process?
Identification data
, such as name, surname, date of birth,
Contact data,
such as home address, mobile or landline phone number, email,
Bank account data,
such as IBAN, e-wallet details,
Financial, property, and family status data,
such as occupation, earnings, movable and immovable property, dependants, details included in the income tax return, as well as other data of fiscal and income nature,
Card data,
such as debit/credit card details,
Transaction data
, such as data from payment transactions and the use of payment services,
Electronic device data
, such as data provided by your electronic devices (e.g. computer, mobile phone, tablet) when you visit and interact with our website, such as IP address or geolocation data as well as cookies. More information on how we process the cookies you may find
here
.
Telephone and online conversation data,
Betting activity data
, such as data about how you play.
We note that if you change the personal data you provided us upon your registration and the opening of your online account, you must inform us without undue delay.
Why and for what purposes do we process your data?
To register on our platform,
we will process your identification data and contact data in the context of the performance of the contract between us.
To verify the data you provided us with when you register on our platform
, we will process identification data, contact data, and financial, property, and family status data in the context of our legal obligation to prevent and suppress money laundering.
To monitor and assess your betting behavior
, we will process identification data, contact data, financial, property, and family status data, transaction data, electronic device data (i.e. geolocation data), and betting activity data in the context of our legal obligation to prevent and suppress money laundering.
To identify your means of payment and to manage your transactions to and from your online account
, we will process identification data, bank account data, and card data in the context of the performance of the contract between us.
To contact you to provide clarifications, directions, and/or further information about our services and products
, we will process identification data, contact data, and conversation data in the context of the performance of the contract between us and for the purposes of fulfilling our legitimate interests.
To contact you in the context of responsible betting
, we will process identification data, contact data, transaction data, and betting activity data to fulfill our legal obligations.
To prevent the development of fraudulent methods and fraud in general
, we will process identification data, transaction data, card data, electronic device data (i.e., geolocation data), and betting activity data.
To carry out personalized promotions and send newsletters about our products and services
, we will process contact data, electronic device data, transaction data, and betting activity data, provided that we have previously obtained your consent.
To ensure and improve the quality of our services and products
, we will process contact data, electronic device data, and betting activity data to fulfill our legitimate interests.
To prepare and send our response to the competent supervisory authority after submitting your relevant complaint
, we will process identification data, contact data, and betting activity data to fulfill our legal obligations.
To prevent electronic fraud, to protect from malware and DoS
(Denial of Service) attacks against our company as well as from any other illegal act, including phishing incidents,
we will process identification data, and electronic device data to fulfill our legitimate interests.
In the context of our company’s compliance with the respective legislative, regulatory, and supervisory framework and the decisions of the authorities or courts,
we may process the necessary case-by-case data mentioned in the previous section.
To exercise our company’s rights and defend its legal interests
, we may process the necessary case-by-case personal data mentioned in the previous section.
Who are the recipients of your data?
Natural and/or legal persons to whom we assign the execution of specific tasks on our behalf under the condition of maintaining professional secrecy and the duty of confidentiality, such as:
Companies providing call centers;
Companies providing consulting services (e.g. technical, organizational, IT, financial services);
Database management companies;
Advertising and product promotion companies;
Payment service companies;
Lawyers, law firms, notaries, bailiffs;
Companies providing courier services;
Providers of IT application development, maintenance, configuration services,
Providers of e-mail services, interfacing with other platforms (e.g. skype), data analysis on our website (e.g. google analytics), hosting services on the internet, including cloud services,
Providers of identification services, as well as services for the prevention and suppression of activities related to money laundering and terrorist financing, as well as anti-fraud services.
Companies of statutory auditors,
Businesses that participate in reward programs provide you with benefits from these programs.
Supervisory, audits, independent, judicial, prosecutorial public and/or other authorities and bodies, such as Gaming Supervisory Authorities in the countries where we operate, Sports Governing Bodies (e.g. FIFA), Anti-Money Laundering (AML) or Counter-Terrorist Financing (CTF) Agencies,
Companies of our group for reasons of compliance with supervisory obligations and unified management and service for you.
Do we send your personal data to third countries?
Our company does not transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area (“Third Countries”).
In any case, any transfer of your personal data to Third Countries will only take place after your prior notification and always in compliance with the applicable legislative and regulatory framework for data protection.
Are we profiling?
Our company conducts profiling to achieve the following purposes:
To carry out personalized promotions, provided that we have previously obtained your consent. For this purpose, we will process identification data, contact data, electronic device data, transaction data, and betting activity data. In any case, our company ensures that a) you can stop receiving such promotional material at any time, and b) no promotions are sent which contradict the player's preference for self-exclusion.
To prevent the development of fraudulent methods and to prevent fraud in general. For this purpose, we will process identification data, transaction data, card data, electronic device data (i.e., geolocation data), and betting activity data.
To assess the risk of money laundering and terrorist financing. For this purpose, we will process identification data, financial, property, and family status data, transaction data, electronic device data (i.e., geolocation), and betting activity data.
To ensure your responsible and safe participation in betting activity and to minimize your problematic engagement with it. For this purpose, we will process identification data, transaction data, and betting activity data.
How long do we keep your personal data?
Our company keeps your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was originally obtained. In any case, your data will be retained for a period of five (5) years after the closing of your account.
However, if further retention of documents and information is reasonably justified for the purposes of preventing, detecting, or investigating money laundering and terrorist financing, our company will retain your personal data for five (5) additional years.
If, during the above retention periods for your data, legal actions are in progress with our company, which directly or indirectly concern you, or investigations are underway by any competent authority (e.g. tax authorities), the above retention periods will be extended accordingly until the issuance of an irrevocable court decision or the completion of the investigation and the closure of the case respectively.
Is your personal data secure?
Our company takes appropriate organizational and technical measures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your information on an ongoing basis, so that it is protected from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, prohibited dissemination or access, and any other form of unlawful processing.
The processing of your data in any way is allowed only to persons authorized by us, our employees, and partners exclusively for the above-mentioned purposes.
Furthermore, we use Cloudflare’s SSL Certificate, one of the largest companies in its field, to encrypt the data you send us and ensure the security and protection of your personal information.
In addition, we use the reCAPTCHA service, which protects our website from spam and automated abuse. The reCAPTCHA works by collecting hardware and software data, such as device and application data, and sending that data to Google for analysis. The information collected will be used for general security purposes. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
In any case, the abovementioned measures are reviewed and modified when deemed necessary.
What are your rights?
You have the right to ask us whether we process or retain your personal data as well as to request from us a copy of your personal data processed (
Right of access
)
You have the right to ask us to rectify or complete your personal data if it contains inaccuracies or is incomplete (
Right to rectification
)
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data if, for example, your data is no longer necessary for the purposes mentioned in detail above (
Right to erasure
).
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data (
Right to restriction of processing
).
You have the right to ask us to object at any time to processing your personal data (
Right to object
).
You have the right to ask us to provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format or to transmit that data to another controller (
Right to data portability
).
You have the right to withdraw at any time your consent that is given for the purposes mentioned in detail in the above relevant section (
Right to withdraw
)
Regarding, your above-mentioned rights, we would like to inform you of the following:
The right of access may be lifted in part or in whole (a) for the purposes of the proper performance of the duties of the company and the supervisory authority, or (b) not to impede the conduct of official or legal investigations, analyzes, or procedures, for the purposes of fulfilling our legal obligations and to ensure that the prevention, the investigation and the detection of money laundering and terrorist financing are not compromised.
The right to erasure, the right to restriction of processing, and the right to object may not be satisfied, in part or in whole, if they concern personal data that is necessary for the conclusion and/or continued performance of your contract.
In any case, our company has the right to refuse to satisfy your request to restrict the processing of your personal data or to erase your personal data if the processing or keeping of your personal data is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or support of our legal rights or the fulfillment of our obligations.
The exercise of your right to data portability does not imply the erasure of your data from our records.
The exercise of the above-mentioned rights acts for the future, and it does not concern processing that has already been carried out on your data.
In any case, if you consider that the processing of your personal data violates the provision of the GDPR, you have the right to file a complaint with the below supervisory authority:
Information and Data Protection Commissioner
Level 2, Airways House
Second Floor
High Street
Sliema SLM 1549
Malta
T: +356 2328 7100
F: +356 23287198
Email:
idpc.info@idpc.org.mt
How can you exercise your rights?
If you wish to exercise any of your above-mentioned rights, you can submit your relevant request to
dpo@novibet.com
When do we respond to your requests?
If you wish to exercise any of your above rights, we will respond to you within one (1) month of receipt of your request. However, that period may be extended by two (2) further months where necessary, considering the complexity and number of your requests.
In addition, our company will not charge you for the processing of your request. However, in the event that your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular, because of its repetitive character, we may, with prior notice to you, refuse to respond to your request.
What else should you know?
Our company in no way processes the personal data of people under 18 years of age. If, during your identification process, it is found that you are under 18 years old, then we will proceed to close your account, returning any amount that may have been deposited, and we will notify any competent authority (if required).
Our website may include links to other websites that are not controlled by our company but by third parties (e.g., social media pages, European Supervisory Authorities). The present notice does not apply to these websites, and we recommend that you visit them directly to learn about the protection of your personal data.
Amendments to this notice
Our company may modify the present notice. In this case, we will update the date mentioned at the end of this page and we will notify you about it in any convenient way.
Glossary
“personal data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
“processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction;
“controller”
is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of processing personal data;
“recipient”
is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not;
“special categories of personal data”
means personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural’s person sex life or sexual orientation;
“profiling”
means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements;
“cookies”
is a small piece of text that is sent to the browser when someone visits a website. Their main function is to memorize information, such as preferred language and country, login information, etc., to make it easier for each visitor to browse the websites of their choice.
Version 1 - 09.08.2024
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Use only the cookies which are necessary for normal website operation and safe browsing. By using the website, you accept the use of cookies.
More...
Got it!