CRASH COURSE BUILDER
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated:
December 8, 2024
Welcome to Crash Course Builder! We respect your privacy and have composed this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we process your Personal Data (defined below) and your choices about the data we process.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to the Crash Course Builder game as the “
Game
” and the Crash Course Builder website at
https://www.wombatbrawler.com/crash-course-builder
as the “
Site
”. We also refer to the Game and the Site collectively as the “
Services
”.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect in connection with the Services, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. This policy applies only to information we collect via the Services and in email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with the Services.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that you provide to or is collected by any third party, or which is collected outside of the Services (see “
Third-Party Information Collection
”).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our End User License Agreement.
Before using the Services or submitting any Personal Data to Company, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us at the email address below if you have any questions.
By using the Services, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site, the Game or otherwise use the Services.
1. DATA CONTROLLER
Wombat Brawler Pty Ltd  (“
Company
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) will be the entity responsible for your data. To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, you can contact us at:
Email:
privacy@wombatbrawler.com
2. CHILDREN
Our Services is not directed to or intended for children who are under the age of 16. Company does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Company through the Services please contact us at
privacy@wombatbrawler.com
and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. This in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
3. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“
Personal Data
”) as follows:
Personal Data You Provide.
We collect Personal Data from you when you contact us directly. For example when you request customer support or contact us in regard to this Privacy Policy, we will receive the information that you choose to include in your communications when you contact us.  Additionally, when you sign up for our mailing list through the Site and/or the Game, we will receive your email address.
Automatically Collected Information.
When you visit, use, and interact with the Services, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions.
For example, In the Game we may collect your platform ID, email address, screen name, your permission settings, and usage details such as level play statistics, information about your rank in the Game, information about the courses you create within the Game, your avatar, your course ratings and tags, the language you use when uploading support messages.
From the Site we may collect your browser id and information about the resources that you access and use on the Site. We may receive any information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site which may include your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Services.
Cookies Data:
Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.
Location Data:
We derive a rough estimate of your location from your IP address.
Email Open/Click Data:
We may use pixels in our email campaigns that allow us to collect your email and IP address as well as the date and time you open an email or click on any links in the email.
Cookies:
We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it) and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies). For more details on cookies please visit
All About Cookies.
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Do Not Track Signals:
Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do respond to DNT signals in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy to describe how we do so.
Third-Party Information Collection Through the Services:
Some features of the Services are served by third parties (“
Third-Party Services
”). When you use the Services, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties include: the gaming platform you use in connection with our Game, our analytics providers, advertising providers, and email marketing providers. The Personal Data that we receive from Third-Party Services is covered by this privacy policy, while their processing of your information is covered by their privacy policy.
Please see the list of Third-Party Services below.
Admob
: on iOS Admob collects : IP address, Non-user related crash logs, User-associated performance data, A Device ID, Advertising data, Other user product interactions. For more information about Admob and its privacy practices visit:
https://developers.google.com/admob/unity/privacy/data-disclosure
Admob
: on Android Admob collects: IP address, User product interactions, Diagnostic information, Device and Account identifiers, Android ad ID. For more information about Admob and its privacy practices visit:
https://developers.google.com/admob/unity/privacy/play-data-disclosure
Unity Ads
: on iOS: Unity Ads collects: Coarse Location, User ID, Device ID, Purchase History, Product Interaction, Advertising Data, Other Usage Data, Performance Data, Other Data Types. For more information visit:
https://docs.unity.com/ads/en-us/manual/ApplePrivacySurvey
Unity Ads
: on Android Unity Ads collects: User’s approximate location, user’s personal identifier, user’s purchase history, data on page views and taps in the app, data on any other app activity, app diagnostics, user’s device or other identifiers:
https://docs.unity.com/ads/en-us/manual/GoogleDataSafety
Ironsource
: on iOS & Android Ironsource collects: Identifiers, General Technical information, campaign information, app events, advertising content. For more information about their practices visit:
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/#step-1
Applovin
: Applovin collects: Device make, model, and operating system, Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time, Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme, Carrier, Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services, Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language), Network connection type and speed, IP Address, Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services, HTTP header information, Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID), Vendor IDs (IDFV), App Set IDs, and Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions. For more information visit:
https://developers.applovin.com/en/unity/overview/privacy/
&
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Unity
analytics
: Unity collects device information, like IP address and device identifiers, as well as events completed or actions taken within the game, including level, number of credits, time it took you to earn them, metadata about in-game communications and the value and details of purchases. For more information visit:
https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-faq
Google
analytics
: Google collects first party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the relevant sites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. For more information visit :
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?sjid=1826789844440270599-AP#info_for_sites&zippy=%2Cdata-collected-by-google-analytics
Firebase
: Firebase collects IP addresses, Crashlytics Installation UUIDs, Firebase installations ID, Crash traces, and Breakpad minidump formatted data. For more information visit:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Squarespace:
to learn more about Squarespace and their data processing practices visit: https://www.squarespace.com/privacy
Social Media Pages:
We also have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, and X/Twitter (“
Social Media Pages
”). The Social Media Pages are operated by the owners of the relevant social media platforms and the collection of information by third parties on the Social Media Pages is governed by the privacy policy of the applicable platform. When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we may also collect Personal Data that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details.
4. Our Legal Bases For Processing Your Information (For Residents of the UK/EU)
When we collect or otherwise process any of your Personal Data, we do so in reliance on the following legal bases:
Your consent.
If you have provided us with your consent to process your information for a specific purpose we will do so based on your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions provided below in the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section below.
Performance of a Contract with You.
When the processing of your Personal Data is necessary in order for us to perform a contract with you, such as the EULA or
Terms of Services
associated with Game or the Site, or when you request that we process your information prior to entering into a contract with you, we will do so on this basis.
Our Legitimate Interests.
When we believe the processing of your Personal Data is reasonably necessary in order for us to achieve our legitimate interests in conducting and managing our business and our relationship with you, we will do so on this basis, including the legitimate interest we have in:
personalising, enhancing, modifying or otherwise improving the services and/or the communications that we provide to you;
retaining and engaging you and our other users;
detecting and preventing fraud and operating a safe and lawful business; and
improving the security and optimisation of our network, sites and services.
When we use your information for our legitimate interests, we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you  by balancing our legitimate interests against your interests, rights and freedoms. We will not use your information if there is a less intrusive way for us to achieve our legitimate interests or if we believe your interests should override ours unless we have other grounds to do so (such as your consent or a legal obligation).
Our Legal Obligations.
When we believe that the processing of your information is necessary in order for us to comply with our legal obligations (such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved) we will do so on this basis.
Vital Interests.
When we believe that the processing of your information is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, we will do so on this basis.
5. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide, support and maintain the Services and its contents, and any other information, or services that you request from us;
To provide you with customer support;
To communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about our games and services with your consent;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To optimize, develop, and improve the Services;
To respond to you if you contact us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To analyze how you interact with our Services;
To maintain and improve the Services;
To develop new products and services;
To serve you with interest-based advertising;
prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Services, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks;
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties;
For any reason that we described to you when collecting your Personal Data or for any reason for which you’ve provided us with your consent;
To protect the rights, interests, and safety of us, you, and any third parties, and to exercise and defend our rights; and
To create anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated datasets (“
Aggregated Information
”). Such datasets would not be "Personal Information" subject to this Privacy Policy. We may use anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated datasets for any purpose. For more information about Aggregation Information see below.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our Services and to deliver a better and more personalised experience by enabling us to:
Recognise you when you use the Services.
Estimate our audience size, demographics and usage patterns.
Store your preferences, consents and other user settings locally on your device.
Comply with your consents.
Understand how well Services features are working and whether users are having issues.
Identify and correct software defects.
Prevent fraud and illegal behaviour by detecting behaviour patterns that indicate such activity.
Aggregated Information:
We may aggregate Personal Data and use the aggregated information to analyse the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyse the general behaviour and characteristics of users of our Services and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners. We may collect aggregated information through the Services, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
6. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
In certain circumstances we may share the categories of Personal Data described above without further notice to you, unless required by the law, with the following categories of third parties:
Vendors and Services Providers:
To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, customer relationship management and customer support services, and analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us.
Business Transfers:
We may disclose your information to our subsidiaries and affiliates. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements:
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a court order, regulatory request or other legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Enforcing our Rights:
We may disclose your information as necessary to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and use, such as our EULA.
Necessary for Purpose:
We may disclose your information as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which you provided it.
With Your Consent:
We may disclose your information with your consent.
Other purposes:
We may disclose your information for any other purpose disclosed by us and accepted by you when you provide the information.
7. WHERE, HOW AND HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Information that we collect through the Game is stored in the United States of America. We store all Personal Data securely using third-party vendors who implement industry standard security measures. By using the Services, you authorise us to receive, process, transfer, and store your information in and to the United States of America, as applicable.
We keep your information only for the length of time necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected. After 180 days, if you have not used the Game, we will automatically de-identify your data by removing your screen name and avatar. However, when you log back in, your courses and digital items will return. However if you choose to delete your account by clicking the delete account link, your account will be wiped and become irretrievable.
Cross-border Data Transfers
:
Where cross-border transfers of data are necessary, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Data. These steps may include implementing standard contractual clauses where recognized by law, obtaining your consent, or other lawful means of transferring Personal Data.
8. DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration, and disclosure by partnering with third parties who use industry standard security measures to protect your information.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted through our Services. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
9. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
In certain circumstances providing Personal Data is optional. However, if you choose not to provide Personal Data that is needed to use some features of our Services, you may be unable to use those features.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.
Disabling Cookies:
You can limit cookie collection by disabling cookies in your browser settings. Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
Advertising networks may use cookies to collect Personal Data. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org and follow the opt-out instructions there.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
Updating or correcting your information:
Please contact us at the email address above if you need to change or correct your Personal Data.
Promotion by us:
If you have opted in to receiving email communications from us and you want us to discontinue using your email address to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails and following the instructions provided.
Deleting Your Personal Data:
We provide all of our data subjects with the
Right to be Forgotten
(also known as the Right to the Deletion of your Personal Data ), whether or not you reside or are a citizen of the European Union or the United Kingdom. Please email us at the address above or click the Delete Account link within the Game if you would like us to delete your Personal Data.
Please note
however that the Right to be Forgotten is not an absolute right. The Right to be Forgotten only applies to the following types of Personal Data that are held by us at the time of the request:
Personal Data that was processed on the basis of consent,
Personal Data that was processed on the basis of legitimate interests,
Personal Data processed on a basis other than consent or legitimate interests that is no longer required for the purpose for which it was original collected or processed,
Personal Data that was processed unlawfully,
Personal Data that must be deleted in order to comply with a legal obligation, or
Personal Data of a child.
Opting out of Targeted Ads.
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertisements you may do so by toggling off the Do Not Use Targeted Ads toggle in your Game settings.
Third parties:
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
For more information about the third parties that collect data through the Services, see the “
Third Party Information Collection
” section above to understand which third parties have access to your Personal Data through the Services. You can consult their privacy policies to see if they offer additional options for limiting collection.
Data Rights of European Residents:
The laws of the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area and other territories provide their residents with certain data protection rights. If you are resident of the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, these are your rights:
The right to access -
You have the right to request Company provide you with copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification -
You have the right to request that Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Company to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to be forgotten -
You have the right to request that Company erase certain types of personal data (see Deleting Your Personal Data above).
The right to restrict processing -
You have the right to request that Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing -
You have the right to object to Company' processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability -
You have the right to request that Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
privacy@wombatbrawler.com
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. By continuing to use our Services or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us at our designated request address:
privacy@wombatbrawler.com