Products
News
Support
Contact
Open main menu
Products
News
Support
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective date: Jul 01, 2022
Hexler Limited is open and transparent about how we treat your personal data. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of all visitors to our website (Guests) and more formal users who have registered an account with us, or voluntarily installed one of our software applications (Users).
Hexler Limited aims to fully comply with the Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information ("APPI"
https://www.ppc.go.jp/en/legal/
) alongside the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
).
Hexler Limited will ensure compliance by our staff to the strictest standards of security and confidentiality in respect of all personal information and data submitted via our website, its sub-domains, or software applications; and we will not release such information to anyone without your prior consent, except to the authorised persons specifically listed later in this document.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Hexler and You
Hexler Limited's registered business address is Level 9 Ariake Frontier Building Tower B, 3-7-26 Ariake Koto-ku, Tokyo 135-0063 Japan.
Hexler Limited ("us", "we", or "our") (i) operates the https://hexler.net website and (ii) creates a number of software applications (the "Service").
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible from
https://hexler.net/terms-of-service
.
Definitions
Service
The Service is (i) the https://hexler.net website operated by Hexler Limited and (ii) software applications created by Hexler Limited.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
User Created Data
User Created Data means all data related to files, file contents, file names, file locations, any embedded or linked content, created and/or owned by end users of the application.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, and GDPR compliance, Hexler Limited is a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Types of Data Collected and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
• Email address
• First name and last name
• Phone number
• Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
• Cookies
• Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
User Created Data
We will not
access, transfer or otherwise observe User Created Data in any way. You can verify this by installing an independent network traffic monitoring application.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as unique device identifiers, software application diagnostic data, website diagnostic data, your devices' Internet Protocol address, web browser type and version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date and duration of using the Service.
Website Tracking and Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to monitor activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
You can read the details of our Cookies Policy here:
https://hexler.net/cookie-policy
You can change your Cookie Preferences here:
https://hexler.net/cookie-preferences
Use of Data
Hexler Limited uses the collected data for various purposes:
• To provide and maintain our Service.
• To notify you about changes to our Service.
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so.
• To provide customer support.
• To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.
• To monitor the usage of our Service.
• To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
• To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Hexler Limited legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Hexler Limited may process your Personal Data because:
• We need to perform a contract with you.
• You have given us permission to do so.
• The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights.
• For payment processing purposes.
• To comply with the law.
Retention of Data
Hexler Limited will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Hexler Limited will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your country or other jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Hexler Limited will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Under normal circumstances Hexler Limited will never disclose or share your Personal Data with any entity beyond those deemed necessary by us for the provision of Services:
We may share specific personal data of yours with third party service providers, subcontractors and agents that we may appoint to perform functions on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions (for example tech support, customer relations).
If you have consented to receive marketing communications, we may use one of the following third-party marketing automation services; Mailchimp, Mailchimp Mandrill, Pipedrive, Zoho CRM and/or SharpSpring. These services enable us to analyse the use of these communications. Information relating to marketing services will be included with any communication we send to you.
Business transaction
We may also share your personal data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Hexler Limited may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Hexler Limited may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
• To comply with a legal obligation.
• To protect and defend the rights or property of Hexler Limited.
• To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
• To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.
• To protect against legal liability.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Hexler Limited aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
•
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
•
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
•
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
•
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
•
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
•
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Hexler Limited relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests, and complying with certain requests may limit or end your ability to continue to have access to the Service.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. At the time of writing this document Hexler Limited does not employ the use of third-party Service Providers in our Service.
Google Analytics
At the time of writing this document Hexler Limited does not employ the use of Google Analytics in our Service.
Payments and Third-Party Services
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
FastSpring
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed here:
https://fastspring.com/privacy/
Google (Google Play)
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/
Apple (iTunes / App Store)
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed here:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Amazon
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed here:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: legal@hexler.net
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to deliver website content. By continuing without changing your
preferences
, you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://fastspring.com/privacy/:
Get more than a payment gateway, right out of the gate. Go farther faster with FastSpring.
Schedule Demo
or
Try Now
FastSpring® Privacy Statement
Please note:
This is the FastSpring Privacy Policy. There is also a separate privacy policy for FastSpring Interactive Quotes (formerly SalesRight) which
you can access here
.
California residents and individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland can exercise their privacy rights, including the right to request access to or deletion of their personal information, subject to the exceptions under applicable law, by clicking
here
and then completing the form to submit their request.
You may find a copy of this Privacy Policy in PDF format
here
.  For individuals with disabilities, alternative methods of viewing or receiving this Privacy Policy can be found
here
.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR ANY FASTSPRING OPERATED ECOMMERCE SOLUTION OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO FASTSPRING THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR ANY FASTSPRING POWERED ECOMMERCE SOLUTION, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES.
1. Scope and Purpose of This Privacy Statement.
Introduction.
This Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring (“
FastSpring
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) Privacy Statement (“
Privacy Statement
”) applies to each ecommerce solution, which may be but is not limited to, a website, portion of a website or a software application branded with the look and feel of a software publisher or entity operated by FastSpring for the purpose of buying or selling such software publisher’s products and/or services (“
Ecommerce Engine
” or “
Website
”) where this Privacy Statement can be accessed from a hyperlink on, or otherwise appears on, that Ecommerce Engine.  If you are purchasing products through a software Seller (“
Vendor
”), a FastSpring subsidiary and not FastSpring directly, please note that this Ecommerce Engine is hosted and/or operated by FastSpring under an agreement with the Vendor or subsidiary of FastSpring who is listed as the seller of products in the terms of sale on this Ecommerce Engine.
Controller Responsible for Your Information.
Depending upon your relationship to us, FastSpring operates as either a joint controller or processor of the Personal Information we maintain about you.  For additional information on the distinction between the two roles, please see our
Data Processing Agreement
.  Any Personal Information collected by visiting this Website is controlled by Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring, 801 Garden Street, #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America.
Purpose.
FastSpring respects the privacy of its customers, partners and suppliers of products or services. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to provide you with information concerning how FastSpring collects, uses, maintains, and shares your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
2. Information We Collect and Process.
FastSpring collects the Personal Information of our purchasers, Vendors, and other individuals who visit our Website for specified, explicit purposes only and will not process this Personal Information in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.  Personal Information will be processed only if such processing is based on any of the legal grounds listed in section 6(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR) (unless an exemption applies) as outlined below:
Performance of a Contract with You
. We will process your Personal Information if it is necessary in order to enter into or perform a contract with you. For example, we will process your payment information in order to complete your purchase/sales transaction.
Legitimate Interest
.  We will process your Personal Information if it is necessary for the purposes of FastSpring’s legitimate interests, except where FastSpring’s interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of your Personal Information. FastSpring’s legitimate interests in processing your Personal Information include:  FastSpring’s prevention of fraud or misuse of services, IT and network security, marketing and advertising of products sold by FastSpring, enforcement of legal claims including debt collection via out-of-court procedures, processing for marketing research purposes.
Consent
. If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, by using this Ecommerce Engine you consent by ticking the specific consent box to the processing of your Personal Information FastSpring’s servers in the United States and the storage of your Personal Information in the United States for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement, and acknowledge that your Personal Information may be transmitted by us to other FastSpring companies for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement and for company group administration purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future, but you will then not be able to use our services and in particular order products on our Websites. Where consent to the collection of Personal Information is revoked, we will stop processing that Personal Information. For further information or if you wish to withdraw your consent, please email us at
privacy@fastspring.com
.
Legal Obligation
. We will process your Personal Information where we are under a legal obligation to do so, including tax compliance obligations.
When you visit, buy, or sell via our Website, we may capture the following information about you:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Identifiers
Specific Personal Information
Name (First/Last), Signature/E-Signature, Mailing Address, Email Address, Telephone Number(s), IP Address, Driver’s License Number/Other Government Number (GST/VAT), Tax Exemption Status, Bank Account Numbers, Debit/Credit Card Number & Information, Customer Identification.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Account/Mailing List Registration, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies, Transaction Details You Provide to Our Customer Service Teams, Information We Receive from Vendors.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sales Transactions, Customer Service Issues, Marketing, Legal and Regulatory Obligations
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
Specific Personal Information
Browsing History, Search History, Other Information Related to Our Consumer’s Interactions with Our Website, Application, and/or Advertisements, including (1) Buyer Usage Activities (adding/removing products from checkout; currency used for purchase) and Analytics, (2) Vendor Platform Usage Activities (submissions, clicks on navigation links, video usage and duration, page views, search requests, time spent on page, cursor movement, clicks on any “get support” or “sign up” buttons) and Analytics.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies, Third Party Sources.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions, Marketing, Understand Our Customers, Improve Our Products/Usage and Data Analytics.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Commercial Information
Specific Personal Information
Records of Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Geolocation Data
Specific Personal Information
Location of the Individual and Device Used to Access Our Website.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Account/Mailing List Registration, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions, Marketing, Legal and Regulatory Obligations.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Marketing Communications
.  We may send you email marketing communication about FastSpring products and services, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with the consent requirements that are imposed by applicable law. You may opt out of receiving marketing communication at any time.
Our Use of Anonymous Information.
We may use anonymous information (i.e. information that does not allow direct or indirect identification of the individual to whom such information relates) collected by us:
to personalize and support your use of this Ecommerce Engine, our services, and/or the services of our partners;
to improve this Ecommerce Engine, the customer experience, our advertising systems, and our products and services;
for fraud prevention purposes, such as device fingerprinting;
to identify actions or transactions as originating through an affiliate marketing or referral program;
to deliver targeted advertisements on this Ecommerce Engine and other Websites and/or ecommerce solutions;
to provide reporting to our current and prospective partners and service providers; and
for statistical or research and analysis purposes.
In addition, we may anonymize Personal Information by removing any information that identifies you specifically, and use the rest for the purposes set forth above.
3. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
A cookie is a commonly used automated data collection tool. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit or HTML-formatted emails you open, in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or other similar technologies on our Websites or emails to, among other things:
Tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences, such as language and geographical region;
Collect statistics regarding your Website usage;
Provide us with information to support technical functionality of service, improve the Website experience and measure marketing effectiveness; and
In some cases, to enable a third party to deliver future advertising for our products and services to you when you visit certain Websites owned by such third parties.
There are several different kinds of cookies, and should we be deploying cookies we (or a third party provider be deploying them in connection with our ecommerce activities) would be using one of the following common types of cookies, which may be persistent cookies or session cookies:
Essential cookies
are necessary to provide you with services and features available through our Websites. Without these cookies, services you may need, such as shopping carts or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Analytics or customization cookies
collect information that is either used in aggregate form to help us understand how the Website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize the Website for you.
Advertising cookies and tracking scripts
are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly delivered and, in some cases, featuring ads based on your interests.
If the Website includes a cookie management tool, you will typically find a hover button at the bottom of your screen. If in the future you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to refuse them by adjusting your browser settings to reject cookies. If you do so, we may be unable to offer you some of our functionalities, services or support. If you have previously visited our Websites, you may also have to delete any existing cookies from your browser.
Do-Not-Track.
There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that our Websites may not recognize or take action in response to DNT signals from web browsers. At this time, there is no universally accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected. In the event a final standard is established, we will assess how to appropriately respond to these signals. For more detailed information about cookies, Do-Not-Track and other tracking technologies, please visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
Third Party Data Collection.
This may also include cookies placed by third parties, to deliver tailored information and content which may be of interest to you, such as promotions or offerings, when you visit third party websites after you have left our Websites. We do not permit these third parties to collect Personal Information about you (such as email address) on our Website, nor do we share with them any Personal Information about you.
Social Media Features and Widgets
.  Our Websites may include social media features, such as Facebook’s “Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button. These features are usually recognizable by their third-party brand or logo and may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and set a cookie to enable the feature to work properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Currently, we use the features and widgets (“
Plugins
”) of Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn offered by the companies Facebook Inc., Google Inc., Twitter Inc. and LinkedIn Corporation (“
Providers
”).
Facebook is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“
Facebook
”). You will find an overview on Facebook’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
Google+ is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“
Google
”). You will find an overview on Google’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://developers.google.com/+/web/
Twitter is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“
Twitter
”). You will find an overview on Twitter’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons
LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale CA 94085, USA (“
LinkedIn
”). You will find an overview on LinkedIn’s Plugin and what they look like here:
https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins
When you access one of our Websites, which contains a Plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection with the servers of Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn. The content of the Plugin is transferred by the respective Provider directly to your browser, which then integrates it into the Website. Integration of the Plugin allows the Provider to receive the information that you have accessed the respective Website even if you do not maintain a profile with that Provider or if you are not logged in at the moment. This information (including your IP address) will be transferred by your browser directly to the Provider in the U.S. and stored there. If you are logged in with one of the Providers’ services, they will be able to assign your visit on our Website to your profile with the respective Provider. If you interact with any of the Plugins, e.g. by pressing the ‟Like” or the ‟+1” button, this information will also be sent directly to the server of the Provider and stored there. The information will also be published in the social network on your respective account, e.g. Twitter, and displayed to your contacts there.
For more information on the purpose and extent of the data acquisition and how data are processed and used by the respective Provider as well as regarding your rights and optional settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy policies of the respective Provider:
Privacy Policy of Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Privacy Policy of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Privacy Policy of LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
If you do not want Google, Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn to allocate data collected on our Websites to your profile in their service, you must log out of the respective service before visiting our Website. You can prevent the loading of the Plugins completely by using Add-Ons for your browser, e.g. the script-blocker ‟NoScript” (
http://noscript.net/
).
If you accept a session or persistent cookie, you can delete it at any time through your web browser (e.g., as soon as you leave our Ecommerce Engine).  If you do not wish to receive cookies or wish to manage when you accept cookies in general, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept our cookies, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this Ecommerce Engine.
We and our partners use third party service providers in connection with this Ecommerce Engine and our business to gather user metrics and usage data. These service providers may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Ecommerce Engine or to a Website, your interaction with our Ecommerce Engine or that Website, and the products and services offered by us, our partners and our suppliers through the use of cookies, pixel tags, JavaScript code or other web technologies. This information may be transferred to servers in the U.S. and stored there. We and our partners may use this anonymous information to provide targeted advertisements to you for goods and services, for marketing analysis, and for quality improvement purposes. Currently, we use the following web tracking services:
Google Analytics
: Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will shorten the IP address in EU Member States or other countries of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the Website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage to the Website provider. Google will not associate the IP address transmitted by your browser with any other data stored by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. Furthermore, you can prevent the acquisition of data collected by cookies and relating to your use of the Website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. Please note that on this Website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp”. This allows to process IP addresses in a shortened form to exclude direct reference to a specific person. For more information provided by Google:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
In any case, if you want to manage, deactivate or authorize the cookies, you can use the below links:
Internet Explorer :
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Chrome :
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en
Safari :
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Mozilla :
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Opera :
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
4. Sharing Your Personal Information.
We may share your Personal Information in a limited number of circumstances, including with:
Our Partners.
When we make products available for sale through an Ecommerce Engine, we are doing so as an independent ecommerce reSeller of, or service provider for, the partner whose name and/or logo appears as part of the particular Ecommerce Engine. In connection with your purchase of a product or service through an online store we operate that is co-branded with our partner’s branding, we will provide certain of the Personal Information and/or anonymous information you provide in connection with your purchase to that partner for reporting purposes, to allow our partner or its service provider to register your purchase, to enable your access to products or services provided by our partner or its suppliers, to facilitate warranty, technical support or after-sales service, to allow our partner or its subcontractor to send communications to you if you have previously consented to receive them, to allow our partner or its service provider to provide services in connection with this Ecommerce Engine such as customer support or single sign-on functionality on this Ecommerce Engine and our partner’s Website, or for similar purposes in order to fulfill obligations to you. We may also provide certain of the Personal Information you provide in connection with your purchase to the publisher or manufacturer of a product you purchase, or operator of a service for which you purchase a service use right from us, if different than the partner whose name and/or logo appears on this Ecommerce Engine.  The privacy policy of our partner, and of the publisher, manufacturer or operator of the product or service you purchase, will govern how that party uses and protects any of your Personal Information that we provide to them.
Our Service Providers
. We use other companies, which may include but are not limited to present or future corporate affiliates, to provide joint services or certain services to us or on our behalf and help us to operate our business. We may share your information with our service providers in connection with their provision of services to us. We may also allow these companies to use anonymous information, and to use aggregated Personal Information on an anonymous basis (i.e., where the aggregated data cannot identify you personally), for their business purposes.  We will not share your Personal Information with our affiliates or unrelated third parties to use for their own marketing purposes without your consent. We select our partners and service providers on the basis of their security and confidentiality commitments and their compliance with data protection laws.
To Comply With Legal Requirements, Cooperate With Law Enforcement, Prevent Fraud and Other Crimes, and Protect Legal Rights, Ecommerce Engine, You and Others
. To the extent not expressly prohibited by applicable law, we may disclose Personal Information we collect on this Ecommerce Engine without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate: (a)  to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement; (b) to comply with governmental, administrative or judicial process, requirement or order, such as a subpoena or court order; (c) to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); (d) to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (e) to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of FastSpring, its corporate affiliates, and their respective employees, clients and partners and agents, other users or the public in general; or (f) to protect your vital interests if determined necessary by us. In addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we may share our server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – with the appropriate investigative authorities who may use that information to trace and identify individuals. We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe are or may be in violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations without providing notice to you. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose Personal Information that we handle under the Privacy Shield in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In Connection With Corporate Events/Transitions
. If one of our corporate affiliates or a third party has acquired our business, specific assets or the business of one of our operating divisions through which you have provided information to us, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation, your Personal Information may become owned by that company in compliance with applicable data protection laws. In that event, the acquiring company’s use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this Privacy Statement, any applicable Supplemental Privacy Notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
We do not sell your Personal Information.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
We are committed to keeping your Personal Information secure. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative safeguards reasonably designed to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a financial account number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. We encrypt Personal Information whenever possible and otherwise restrict access to Personal Information to those employees and individuals with a need to know that information.  It is important that you understand, however, that no Ecommerce Engine, Website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements. Please know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through this Ecommerce Engine, it will be protected by us in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement, any Supplemental Privacy Notices that apply to you, and applicable data protection laws.
Cross-Border Transfers of Your Data.
As we operate internationally, and provide you with relevant services through our resources and servers around the globe, sharing your Personal Information across borders is essential. Your Personal Information will be processed on the computer servers (currently Amazon Web Services) in the United States of America on which our Ecommerce Engine is hosted.  In some cases, we may transmit your Personal Information to (i) third party data processors or (ii) product manufacturers, licensors and/or suppliers for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement. To the extent required by applicable data protection laws, we have executed standard contractual clauses to effect the lawful cross-border transfer of personal information.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) Compliance.
FastSpring complies with the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. FastSpring has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF program Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, FastSpring commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact FastSpring at
privacy@fastspring.com
.
FastSpring has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
As explained here we sometimes provide Personal Information to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer Personal Information received under the EU-U.S. DPF to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information must also be in compliance with our EU-U.S. DPF obligations. Therefore, third parties that use our products explicitly agree to abide by the EU-U.S. DPF or otherwise agree to execute the Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission for the purposes of transferring Personal Information from the EU to non-adequate countries outside the EU.
Where the EU-U.S. DPF is not applicable, including when there are transfers from the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland, FastSpring executes the Standard Contractual Clauses for the purposes of lawful transfer of personal data as set out in European Commission Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021, as well as the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as issued by the UK Information Commissioner under S119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 (as applicable to any transfers from the UK to non-adequate third countries).
Data Retention Policies
.
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information in accordance with applicable laws.
6. Your Rights & Choices with Respect to Your Personal Information
Your Rights.
Based upon where you reside, certain choices and rights with regards to your Personal Information may be available to you or your authorized agent under applicable data protection laws, such as the GDPR or California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Access Request Rights
You have the right to request that we provide to you the following information about our collection and use of your personal information :
1. The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you.
2. The categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you (e.g., use of cookies, third party, etc.).
3. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Information.
4. The categories of third parties with whom we share or have shared that Personal Information.
5. The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request), and
6. Information regarding any disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion, Rectification and Restriction Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete, restrict or, if you believe that our processing of your Personal Information is incorrect or inaccurate, change any of the Personal Information collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once your verifiable consumer request is confirmed, we will delete, restrict or change, as the case may be, and direct our service providers to delete, restrict or change your Personal Information.  Your request to delete the Personal Information collected may be denied if it is necessary for us to retain your information under one or more of the exceptions listed in the GDPR or CCPA.
Data Portability Rights
In some cases, you may receive your Personal Information provided by yourself in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to Object
Where we process your Personal Information based on a "legitimate interest", you may have the legal right to object to the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Revoke Consent
Where we process Personal Information based on your consent, you have the right to revoke such consent at any given time.
Post-mortem Right to Privacy
If you are located in EEA, you have the right to set instructions regarding the storage, deletion or communication of your Personal Information after your death.
Right to Complain
You have the legal right to lodge a complaint with the competent authority.
If you contact us we may, for your protection, ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide the access you request, correct or delete any inaccurate Personal Information you discover, cease the processing of your Personal Information and implement your guidelines. We reserve the right, however, to limit or deny your request to the extent permitted by applicable law if the disclosure may lead to a breach of applicable law and regulation, e.g. in case of any legal obligation to retain certain data, or if you have failed to provide sufficient evidence to verify your identity.
Your Choices.
FastSpring respects your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose information about you. We generally ask you to indicate your choices at the time, and on the page, where you provide your Personal Information. When you provide Personal Information, we may offer you a choice as to whether you would like to receive further communications from us and/or from our partners via a box to tick for example, such as communications related to updates, upgrades, special offers and pricing. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you decide you no longer want to receive promotional messages from us, you may let us know by e-mailing us at
remove@fastspring.com
or by following any unsubscribe link in our e-mails; please specify which consent you are revoking in your e-mail to us. Please note, however, if you give us permission to add your contact information to our partner’s mailing list and later withdraw your permission, you will have to contact our partner (or use the “opt-out” provided in the e-mails our partner sends you) to have your name removed from our partner’s mailing lists.
7. Links to Third Party Websites
FastSpring’s Website provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the control of FastSpring. FastSpring makes no representations about third-party web sites. When you access a non-FastSpring website, you do so at your own risk. FastSpring is not responsible for the reliability of any data, opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party sites. FastSpring provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such links does not imply that FastSpring endorses, recommends, or accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
8. Children’s Privacy
This Ecommerce Engine and our services are not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding agreements in your country, you may not use this Ecommerce Engine unless supervised by an adult.  Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children as such term is defined by applicable laws. If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to FastSpring’s Privacy Department, 801 Garden Street #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America or by e-mail at
privacy@fastspring.com
, and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our databases.
9. Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement.  These updates may reflect, among other things, changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations, changes in our data collection practices, and/or changes to our business or services.  If revisions to the Privacy Statement materially affect how we may use Personal Information collected from you prior to the date of the revised statement, then we will request that you opt-in to the revised Privacy Statement via a checkbox for each new order/purchase. We will post an updated version of this Privacy Statement on the Ecommerce Engine with a revised effective date, to let you know that we updated the Privacy Statement.
10. How to Contact Us.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices, have privacy-related questions not answered online, or if you would like to exercise any of your rights outlined in this Privacy Statement you may contact us by any of the following means:
Online Requests:
You may contact us via our online form located
here
.
By Mail:
You may contact us by postal mail addressed to Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring, ATTN: Privacy Department, 801 Garden Street, #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America.
By Email:
You may contact us by e-mail at
privacy@fastspring.com
.  Please specify “Global Privacy Question” in the subject line to help us to expedite our review of your e-mail.
You may write to us in your own language.
Have any questions about FastSpring? We’re here to help!
I'd like to talk to sales.
I need to contact support.
I have a question about a charge.
Hi there! 👋 Have any questions about FastSpring? We’re here to help!
1
Loading video...
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. You may click "Allow & Continue", or modify your cookie preferences by clicking "Settings" below. Please read our policies regarding
Privacy
and
Cookies
GDPR
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Media Partners
Performance & Analytics
Settings
Save Choices
Allow & Continue
Our Use of Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Media Partners
Performance & Analytics
Our Use of Cookies
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, secure our website from bots, ensure balanced server loads, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please refer to our
Privacy
and
Cookies
policies.
Always Active
Strictly necessary cookies are required for our website to function properly and to provide users with a functional and elegant experience. As a result, you may not opt-out of this category of cookie. Information about how to block all cookies from loading in your browser can be found here:
https://www.cookiesandyou.com/disable-cookies/
, however this is not recommended as it will break many web experiences.
For a full list of the Strictly Necessary cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
.
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies support the features and user interface that you, the user, experience while browsing our website. For example, these cookies may be used when displaying our online chat feature, or anonymously analyzing site usage with metrics such as what pages get the most visits or which navigation links are clicked on most frequently. Depending on your geographic region you may be able to opt out of Functional Cookies, but some elements of our website may not function properly.
For a full list of the Functional cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
.
Media Partners
These cookies are used to track the performance of FastSpring’s advertising efforts, and to improve the accuracy of ads that we place on external websites. For example, if you visit fastspring.com and then leave, a cookie may be used to show you an ad promoting FastSpring’s services on external websites. You may opt-out of these cookies by disabling the Media Partner cookie category with the toggle switch in the Cookie Preference center.
For a full list of the Media Partner cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
Performance & Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy/:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification