ProBox TV Fights
Upcoming Fights
FAQ
How to Watch
Buy Tickets
Download for iOS
Download for Android
ProBox TV on
ProBox TV on
Login
Logout
English
Español
English
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of and was last updated on February 26, 2024.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to inform you about the type of information that ProBoxTV, LLC (“ProBox,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) may gather or collect from you in connection with your use of http://www.ProBoxTV.com (this “Site”), our mobile application (“App”) or any other sites, mobile applications, features, apps, services, or technologies owned, licensed, and/or operated by ProBox (collectively referred to as the “Service”). It also explains the conditions under which we use and disclose that information, and your rights with respect to that information.
Please note that our practices are subject to change. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy. All additions and changes apply as of the time they are posted on this Site. Please check the Effective Date above to note when this Privacy Policy was last updated.
The Service is intended only for individuals who can enter into legally binding contracts under applicable law in the jurisdiction of their residence or have obtained proper consent from a legal parent or guardian to access the Service.
By using the Service or submitting information to us, you consent to our collection, use and sharing of information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not meet the eligibility requirements stated above or you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not provide us with any information or use any of the Service, products, or services we offer or provide.
Collection of Information.
We collect both Non-Personally-Identifying Information and Personally-Identifying Information from you in a number of ways, including: (a) when you provide information to us via our Site, App or through other ProBox Services; (b) when you communicate with us by email or phone; (c) when you subscribe to emails; (d) when you report a problem or request support for any of ProBox’s Services; (e) when you subscribe to ProBox Content; and (f) when you use our Services, via your browser’s cookies. “Non–Personally–Identifying Information” is information that, without the aid of additional information, cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity. “Personally–Identifying Information,” by contrast, is information such as a first and last name, telephone number, home address, or email address that, without more, can be directly associated with a specific person or entity.
A. Non-Personally Identifying Information.
Gathering Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
Web Browsers.
Like most site operators, we gather Non-Personally-Identifying Information from you that web browsers, depending on their settings, may make available. That information includes, but is not limited to: your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; operating system and browser type; access dates and time spent using the Service; the locations of the web pages you view right before arriving at, while navigating, and immediately after leaving this Site; and other statistics.
Cookies.
We and trusted third parties use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve our Services. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Use of Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
We analyze Non–Personally–Identifying Information gathered from users of this Service to help us better understand how the Service is being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, we are able to better design this Site to improve your experiences, both in terms of content and ease of use. We link information gathered using Non-Personally-Identifying Information to Personally-Identifying Information.
Disclosure of Non-Personally-Identifying Information.
From time to time, we may also release the Non–Personally–Identifying Information gathered from Site users in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of this Site.
B. Personally-Identifying Information.
Gathering Personally-Identifying Information from Site Users.
When you use or access the Service or communicate with us via the Service, you may be asked to disclose Personally–Identifying Information, including but not limited to: your name; email address; telephone number(s); address; date of birth; gender; User ID; referring site; other technical information collected by the Site’s servers; and other information necessary to create a member subscription account. We may also collect Personally–Identifying Information from you when you contact us.  You may also choose to submit Personally-Identifying Information to us when you use any interactive features and services that we may make available from time to time within the Service, such as account profiles, questions and answers, blogs, polls, and forums.  To the extent we provide message boards, forums, or blogs for public user postings or reviews on our Site, please be aware such information may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these pages, and such services may be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for any personal information you choose to publicly provide.
Gathering Personally-Identifying Information from Third Party Sources.
We may also receive, license, or purchase data, including Personally-Identifying Information that you have chosen to make public, from third party sources, or allow third party companies to implement automatic tracking processes. This data may include, but is not limited to: first and last name; gender; email address; postal address; home phone number; and cell phone number.
How We Use Your Information and Legal Basis for Use of Your Information.
When permitted by applicable law, we collect, store and use your Personally–Identifying Information in the following ways:
With your consent
Send you promotions, newsletters, and reminders in connection with ProBox, the Service, and upcoming events.
Send you marketing communications.
Allow you to participate in surveys, contests, or sweepstakes.
Allow you to receive other offers from non-affiliated third party companies and marketers.
Send users promotions on behalf of a third-party. Such promotions will only be sent by ProBox on behalf of the third-party.
To satisfy a contract or take actions associated with your use of our Service
Provide services and make the Service accessible to you, including, without limitation, to event sponsors, third party service providers, business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors.
Administer your account.
Process purchases, subscriptions, and other transactions you submit.
As necessary for our (or a third party’s) legitimate interest and your interests or fundamental rights, provided they do not override our interests
Respond to customer service requests and provide requested information, products, and services to users via the Site or through other online or offline channels.
Improve and personalize the Service, services, user experience, and marketing efforts.
Match you with certain preferences for content.
Respond to your questions and concerns.
Conduct research and analysis.
In connection with the operation of the Site.
To comply with legal obligations
Enforce our contractual rights.
Respond to law enforcement, government, or regulatory agencies.
Address technical or logistical issues or security threats.
Disclosure of Personally-Identifying Information to Third Parties.
We will disclose Personally-Identifying Information in the following circumstances:
Employees, Third Party Processors and Third Party Service Providers. We will disclose Personally-Identifying Information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors, suppliers, and service providers who: process Personally-Identifying Information on our behalf; participate with us in the provision or operation of the Service; provide us with other services, such as communication services, broadcasting services, or information verification services; or provide you with access to the Service.
By Law, to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies. We disclose Personally-Identifying information if: (1) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order or request from a governmental agency or law enforcement; (2) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, enforce or apply our Terms of Use, or to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; (3) to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or (4) we believe that you have abused the service by using it to attack other systems, to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming, or otherwise to violate applicable laws.
Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. We reserve the right to transfer or disclose all Personally-Identifying Information in our possession to a prospective or eventual seller or buyer in the event we enter into negotiations to buy, sell, or merge all or a portion of our assets or if we enter into bankruptcy, reorganization, or receivership proceedings. Personally-Identifying Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Marketing Partners. With regards to email addresses and other Personally-Identifying Information collected, we may share such information with third parties and third party marketers and advertisers to allow them to send you email marketing communications, offer products or services that may be of interest or benefit to you, and other communications from third party advertisers.
We advertise utilizing Google Analytics features (e.g. (and not by way of limitation), Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting), and social media companies (i.e., Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram). Using the Ads Settings link (located at Google.com), users can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
We do not sell your personal information for profit. However, sometimes we share your data with third parties in order to provide you with certain services which may be deemed a “sale” under certain data privacy laws. You may opt out of the “sale” of your personal information by contacting us at info@ProBoxTV.com. Please be aware we will have to verify your identity in order to complete the request.
Limitations on Liability.
YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USING OUR SERVICES AND IN DEALING WITH OTHER USERS WITH WHOM YOU COME IN CONTACT THROUGH THIS SITE OR APP. WE EXPECT THAT YOU WILL USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN USING THIS SITE OR APP.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SITE, APP, AND SERVICE (INCLUDING LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES AND ARBITRATION). YOU AGREE THAT OUR LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE LIMITED TO NO GREATER THAN ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100.00) PER CLAIM, TO THE EXTENT SUCH CLAIM IS NOT OTHERWISE BARRED BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Security; Transfer of Data.
We take all reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative measures to protect your information from unauthorized access and to limit the risk that your information may be lost, damaged or misused. However, there is always a risk in transmitting information over the internet and otherwise processing information, and no security measure guarantees absolute safety or protection against intrusion.  We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you transmit on or through the Service or that we otherwise maintain.  If you believe an unauthorized account has been created using your name, contact us at
info@ProBoxTV.com
.
If you live outside the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States.  Data privacy laws vary from country to country. Our Services are subject to the United States laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.  We take steps to ensure that reasonable safeguards are in place with the aim to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in accordance with applicable law. We will only transfer data to jurisdictions outside the scope of the GDPR when the reasonable safeguards set out in the GDPR are in place. These measures include data transfer agreements when necessary.  By providing us with your information, you agree to and acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use of the information.
We may link to third party sites.  If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites outside of our control.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use by those third party sites of your data.  It is your responsibility to review the privacy policy of those other websites.  ProBox is not responsible for these third party sites.
Children.
We do not knowingly collect or retain information in connection with the Service from children under the age of 13. ProBox does not ask children under age 13 for personal information. If you are a parent or guardian and you have become aware that your child uses the Service or has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
info@ProBoxTV.com
to arrange for deletion of any personal information we may have inadvertently collected about the child.
For children located in jurisdictions within the EU, we comply with the age limits applicable in the Member State. In these instances, the references above to the age of 13, as well as consent requirements, will be deemed to be references to the age limits applicable in each Member State.
Mobile Notification.
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Opting Out.
At any time, a user may opt out from receiving future offers or promotional materials from us by following the unsubscribe instructions below. Such opting out will not apply to any communications from third parties to whom ProBox may have provided information regarding the user. A third parties’ use of the information is subject to such third parties’ own privacy policies, for which we are not be responsible.  Your decision to opt out of receiving marketing communications or the sale or disclosure of your personal information may impact the availability and quality of Service and services provided to you. However, even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications, we retain the right to send you non-marketing communications (such as information about changes to your account and our Services, Privacy Policy, or Terms of Conditions).
Unsubscribe Instructions:
Email and consumer telemarketing:
You can opt-out of marketing emails and telemarketing calls by using info@ProBoxTV.com
Text messages:
Opt-out of our marketing text messages by replying "stop" to any message.
Data Retention.
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for and any other lawfully permissible related purpose, including for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting, reporting, or regulatory retention requirements, resolving disputes, preventing fraud, or improving our Services. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.  In the event we anonymize the data we collect by removing any personally identifiable information (for research or statistical purposes), we retain the right to continue to use the anonymous data indefinitely without further notice.
Access to Information.
All users who provide us with their information may modify, correct, or delete (subject to certain exceptions described herein, including but not limited to any information that may support our defense against legal claims, or that we are required by law to maintain within our business records) through their account profile or by submitting a written request to the contact email listed herein.
Updates and Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such revisions will be effective on the date of posting to the Site, and will apply to all information collected by ProBox both prior to and following the effective date. Your access or use of the Service following any such revisions will be deemed your acceptance of such revisions. Users should periodically visit this page to review the current policies with regard to Information. If you do not agree or consent to these changes, do not use the Service.
Do Not Track Signals.
We do not monitor “do not track” (“DNT”) signals or similar mechanisms that may provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third party websites or online services.
California Privacy Right.
If you are a California resident, the processing of certain personal information about you may be subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other applicable California state privacy laws. Beginning January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives you certain rights with respect to processing of your personal information, as described under the CCPA.  This Section informs you of your rights as a Californian resident and should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy.  If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to our verification procedures and certain exemptions:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we have collected about you and the sources from which we collect your personal information.  You may also request information about how we collect, use, disclose, and “sell” personal information over the previous 12-month period. You can make a request one time per year.
Right to Delete:
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions. Please note that requesting deletion may require the cancellation and deletion of your account which, upon completion, cannot be reversed and may impact your use or functionality of our Services.
Right to Opt-Out of Selling ("Do Not Sell My Personal Information"):
To the extent that our disclosure of your information as described herein is considered a “sale” under the CCPA, as a California resident you have the right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information, as “sale” is defined by California law.
Right Against Discrimination:
You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
Please contact us at
info@ProBoxTV.com
to exercise any of the above rights. Please be aware we will have to verify your identity in order to complete any request. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information provided, a request for a copy of your data shall be treated as a request for information and if we cannot verify your identity, a request to delete personal information may be treated as a request to opt-out of the sale of personal information.  An Authorized Agent making a request on your behalf must have written documentation of their authority to act on your behalf, such as a Power of Attorney.
European Privacy Rights.
We adhere to applicable data protection laws in the European Union (“EU”). In accordance with applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), users who are located in the EU have the following rights:
The right to access:
You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification:
You have the right to request that we correct or complete any information we hold about you that you believe is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure:
You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions (i.e., we no longer have a lawful basis to use it).
The right to restrict processing:
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing:
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions (i.e., marketing purposes).
The right to data portability:
You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Withdrawal of consent:
Where your consent is required for the processing of your personal information, we will obtain your consent at the time we collect your personal information. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you may withdraw any previously provided consent to the processing of your personal information. Withdrawing consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information may impact your use or functionality of our Services.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
info@ProBoxTV.com
. Please be aware we will have to verify your identity in order to complete any request. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. We may reject your request, as permitted by applicable law. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection. You have the right to contact the data protection regulator.
With respect to individuals located in the EU/UK, should you wish to file a complaint or if you feel we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact a supervisory authority in the European country in which you are based or where an alleged infringement of Data Protection law has taken place.
Contact Us.
Any questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to
info@ProBoxTV.com
.