На русском
Latviski
Privacy Policy
Effective March 09, 2020
Last Amended October 10, 2021
Smart Raccoons build multiplayer brain games. We deliver challenging and social entertainment experiences to people around the world.
    In pursuit of our mission, we collect and use certain information from our players. Being transparent about our use of players’ information and respecting their privacy is incredibly important to Smart Raccoons.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to email, username and password. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
We may also let you create a player profile that other Smart Raccoons players can see. Your player profile may include information like:
  your profile photo;
  your first and last name;
  your game username.
When you use our Services, we’ll collect information about the ways in which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how long you play our games, game features and other players you interact with, purchases you make, progress or levels you achieve, and other gameplay activities.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Draugiem
Your legal rights and choices in connection with your data
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of your data and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your data. This enables you to ask us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
To exercise your rights to erasure, please submit a request to our email address smart@raccoons.lv (providing the game title and your username).
Object to processing of your data where we are processing it to meet our public interest tasks or legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your data, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your data to another party.
Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request it may not be possible for us to do what you have asked, for example, where there is a statutory or contractual requirement for us to process your data and it would not be possible to fulfil our legal obligations if we were to stop. However, where you have consented to the processing, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing the relevant department. In this event, we will stop the processing as soon as we can. If you choose to withdraw consent it will not invalidate past processing.
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or are dissatisfied with the way we have used your information, please contact the Smart Raccoons Team at smart@raccoons.lv. The same email address may be used to contact the Smart Raccoons Data Protection Officer. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR. Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.
2. Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
3. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
4. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
5. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
6. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at smart@raccoons.lv