Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 15, 2021
This Privacy Policy covers the Bootcamp.com website (hereinafter “Website”), which is owned and operated by Bootcamp Prep LLC (“Bootcamp”). The term “Services” is defined in Bootcamp’s Terms of Service.
Bootcamp is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and wishes to maintain a safe and secure environment for all users of the Website. Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information is treated. From time to time, Bootcamp may offer new services and/or products that may require Bootcamp to update this Privacy Policy. Please check back with us periodically. If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact Bootcamp’s Privacy Administrator by email at team@bootcamp.com.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY BOOTCAMP
Bootcamp collects personal information from users for different purposes.  Information gathered online can be identified as either anonymous or identifiable.  Anonymous information is information that cannot be traced back to the individual.  Identifiable information is information that is specific to an individual.
Automatically Collected Data / Log Data
Like most companies offering online services, the Services and Website gather certain information automatically from your computer or mobile device and store it.  This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, operating system, device type, browser type, content viewed, Internet services provider (ISP), location information, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, and clickstream data. Bootcamp uses this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, administer the Services and Website, gather demographic information about its user base as a whole, and improve its level of service to you.
Information You Provide
Bootcamp does not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it.
To use certain features of the Website, a user must submit certain information. For example, as part of creating an account, Bootcamp will collect the following information: (i) name, (ii) email address, (iii) username, (iv) password, and (v) profile picture.  The provision of at least some of this personal information is mandatory and if you choose not to submit the requested information, you will not be able to create an account and use certain features of the Website.
COOKIES AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The Website uses cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s device to help Bootcamp improve your access to and use of the Services and Website and identify repeat visitors.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics places cookies on your computer to help Bootcamp analyze how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information regarding Google Analytics, please visit Google's website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/policies.
You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of the Services or Website.
USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Personally identifiable information collected is used primarily for the purpose it is collected (e.g., creating a user account). Bootcamp also may use a user’s email address as follows provided that the user grants his/her consent to such additional use:
in internal surveys to obtain feedback on aspects of Bootcamp’s business;
to notify users of information Bootcamp thinks may be of interest to them;
to send communications or promotional materials; and
to provide, operate, maintain, analyze, improve and promote the Services.
Bootcamp may also use personal information collected to contact users in connection with the inappropriate use of the Website.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Bootcamp does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties.
From time to time, Bootcamp may disclose your personal information to organizations that perform services for or on behalf of Bootcamp, such customer service, research, marketing, data processing, and measuring the use of the Website. Bootcamp will share with these companies only that personal information which they need to work on our behalf. Some of these service providers may be located in other countries. Your personal information will be provided to these organizations only if they agree to use such information solely for the purpose of providing services to Bootcamp, and under the instructions of Bootcamp, and with respect to that information, to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION SECURITY
The Website has commercially reasonable security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that Bootcamp obtains from you, but Bootcamp makes no assurances about Bootcamp’s ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, or alteration to you or to any third party. Please review Bootcamp’s Terms of Service regarding Bootcamp’s liability for any loss, misuse, or alteration of personally identifiable information.
UPDATING INFORMATION
You have the right to correct and update the personal information collected about you through the Website. You can make changes to your personal information at any time by logging into your account. You will need your email address and password in order to access your account. Alternatively, you may contact Bootcamp at team@bootcamp.com.
NOTIFICATIONS OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Bootcamp reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. In the event of a material change in our information collection and handling practices, Bootcamp will inform those users who have provided an email address via email. Any changes will apply prospectively only.
OPTING OUT OF EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
Bootcamp provides you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you register for an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from Bootcamp, you can indicate your preference during the account creation process. If you opted-in to receive marketing communications but no longer wish to receive communications from Bootcamp, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication.
LINKS
The Website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Bootcamp is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. Bootcamp encourages users to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Bootcamp.
NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN
The Website is general audience website and does not direct any of its content specifically at children under 13 years of age. Bootcamp understands and is committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy. If Bootcamp learns or has reason to suspect that a user is under age 13, Bootcamp will promptly delete any personal information for that user.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Bootcamp does not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive (a) information identifying all third-party companies to which we may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for those companies’ direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information, please email team@bootcamp.com.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Bootcamp does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. However, some third parties do track your browsing activities. If you are visiting third party websites, your browser should allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties know you do not want to be tracked.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Bootcamp is a U.S. company and the Website is hosted in the United States. If you access the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region, country, or jurisdiction with privacy laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States privacy laws, please note that, by your continued use of the Website, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. In addition, you understand that your personal information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where privacy laws may be less stringent than in your country. If you reside in a country or jurisdiction that provides access rights under law, you may access, correct or update the personal information through your account or by contacting Bootcamp at team@bootcamp.com.
REQUIRED DISCLOSURES
Bootcamp may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our site.
HOW TO CONTACT BOOTCAMP ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS
If you have any further questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at team@bootcamp.com.
FOR USERS IN THE EU AND SWITZERLAND
Bootcamp as Controller
When you provide Bootcamp with your information through our Website, Bootcamp serves as a data controller. When Bootcamp acts as a data controller, it determines how personal information will be utilized in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
Bootcamp processes the personal information you provide to perform our contractual obligations to provide you the Services. Bootcamp also processes your personal information based on its legitimate interests to provide the Services and Website to you, to develop and improve Services provided to you, to prevent fraud, and/or comply with law enforcement requests. Where Bootcamp has obtained your consent, it processes certain personal information based on your consent.
Data Subject Rights Access and Control of Your Information
We enable you to have control over the accuracy of your personal information. You can access and review your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account.
Right to Rectification
You have the right to correct your personal data if incorrect, which also includes the right to have incomplete personal data completed. You can do so by logging into your account and deactivating any incorrect or incomplete information and adding the corrected and/or completed information.
Data Portability
When Bootcamp processes your personal data by automated means that you have provided to us based on consent or through a contract, you have the right to get a copy of that data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have that transferred to you or to third party.
Right to Restriction of Processing
You have the right to request that Bootcamp restrict the processing of your personal information:
During the pending period of time when Bootcamp verifies the accuracy of any personal data that you claim is inaccurate
Where the processing of your personal data is unlawful but you oppose erasure and instead request that Bootcamp restricts the use of your personal data
If Bootcamp no longer needs your personal data but it is required for you to make or defend legal claims
During the pending period of time when Bootcamp verifies its legitimate interest to process your data when you object to such processing
Erasure of Personal Data
You have the right to delete the data collected through our Website and can do so by logging into your account and either deleting your account or deleting the specific personal data. There may be instances where Bootcamp may not be able to delete your data or where Bootcamp retains a copy of your data, for example, where we may need it to comply with a legal obligation or to protect the rights of others.
How Long Bootcamp Keeps Your Personal Data
Bootcamp retains your personal data for as long as necessary to provide the Services to you. Bootcamp will retain and use this information as long as necessary to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, and then Bootcamp will delete it.
How to Exercise Your Rights
In order to exercise the rights stated above, please email team@bootcamp.com. You can also exercise many of your data rights through your account.
Right to Complain to Supervisory Authority
If you believe that Bootcamp is processing your personal data in an incorrect or unlawful manner, please email team@bootcamp.com. For those located in the European Union, you also have a right to file a complaint with a Supervisory Authority in the EU.
Transfer of Information
Information Bootcamp collects from you will be stored and processed in the United States. If you provide information, it will be transferred to, processed, and accessed in the United States.
We use cookies to learn how you use our website and to ensure that you have the best possible experience. By continuing to use our website, you are accepting the use of cookies. View our
Privacy Policy
for more information.
OK