Personal Information Protection Rules of the Users (including naming as — “Privacy Policy”)
This is the Privacy Policy of Video Chat and its various & next versions (“us”, “we”, or “our”) In this Privacy Policy, we refer to our products and services as the “Service”. Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. Your use of the Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service.
Information we collect
When you install the Service on your device and register with Video Chat, personally identifiable information about you may be collected during the download process for the Service (as requested from you during the download process) when you register with us.
In order to use the Service, you’ll need to register in our application and provide some personal information like name, photo, birthday, gender etc. After completing the product account registration, you can decide whether you need to improve your avatar, nickname, gender, birthday, personality Signature and other account information. If you complete the above additional information, it will help us provide you with better service and experience, but if you do not provide the above information, it will not affect the basic functions of your product.
Sharing of your information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information:
● We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Video Chat is part of, or that become part of that group ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your contents.
● We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
● We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of users our app receives. This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest.
● We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
How we use information we collect
We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:
● To verify your identity;
● To connect you with others as enabled by the Service;
● To share your Profile with others on the Service;
● To show you the names of persons you communicate with and to show your name to persons you communicate with on the Service;
● To deliver to you any administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
● To provide you with relevant content that you requested, using information that you allow us to collect from you;
● For internal operations, including troubleshooting problems, data analysis, testing, research, improvements to the Service, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other illegal activity;
● When we have a good faith belief that the law, any legal process, law enforcement, national security or issue of public importance requires disclosure;
● To protect and defend our rights or property (including to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements).
Data Access and Removal
You can always control what information you choose to share with us on the Service. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely.
You can remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. We do not collect user's information from children under 18 years of age and we will never share user's information with any third party.
Security
Protecting user privacy and personal information is a top priority for us. We make substantial efforts to ensure the privacy of all personally identifiable information you provide to us. Access to all personally identifiable information is restricted to those employees, contractors, agents and third-party service providers who need to know that information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain, support or improve the Service. We use password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to safeguard the confidentiality and security of all member information.
In addition, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control against loss, misuse or alteration.
Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 as part of the Service. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 18 as part of the Service, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 as part of the Service.
Objectionable content policy
Content may not be submitted to Services, who will moderate all content and ultimately decide whether or not to post a submission to the extent such content includes, is in conjunction with, or alongside any, Objectionable Content.
Objectionable Content includes, but is not limited to: (i) sexually explicit materials; (ii) obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, violent and/or unlawful content or profanity; (iii) content that infringes upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary right, or that is deceptive or fraudulent; (iv) content that promotes the use or sale of illegal or regulated substances, tobacco products, ammunition and/or firearms; and (v) gambling, including without limitation, any online casino, sports books, bingo or poker.
Contact
On matters concerning the work of the Company Services the User or any third party may apply to the technical support via
gay.video.chat.help@hotmail.com
.