Features
Security
Help Centre
Download
Privacy policy
General
Before using Bilance you are required to acquaint yourself with the
Terms of Use
("Terms") and this
Privacy Policy
("Policy") regulating the collection, processing and use of your personal data.The Policy forms an integral part of the Terms and all definitions and names shall have the respective meaning defined therein.
You agree to provide the Provider always only accurate, truthful and current personal data and keep it up to date.
Service provision You acknowledge that Bilance ("Provider") may, as a data controller, process your personal data in a scope specified hereunder as necessary for the performance of a contract arising out of these Terms.
The purpose of this personal data processing is service provision which includes, but is not limited to, setting up and keeping your Bilance account, ensuring Bilance features and providing support. Minimum scope of your personal data required for a conclusion of a contract with the Provider and setting up and keeping your Bilance account include your first name, last name, e-mail address, login credentials, language, currency and subscription details. Provision of other personal data is completely voluntary and therefore the scope of the data being processed by the Provider depends mainly on the Bilance features you want to use.
The scope of the collected data is first name, last name, sex, birth number, or date of birth if the birth number is not applicable, place of birth, permanent address, and citizenship. The purpose of this personal data processing is to comply with the legal obligation to which Bilance is subject.
In case you want to use login through Facebook or Google account, the Provider will process identification details of the respective social media account. As long as you will use the financial tracking and budgeting feature of Bilance the Provider will process your personal financial information (such as incomes, expenses and their details, budgets etc.) based on your input. In case you will use the payment account synchronization feature of Bilance the Provider will process also credentials to access the payment account, transaction details (such as amount, description, note, date and currency) and the payment account details (such as account number, account name, balance, currency, and type of account).
In order to get more personalized experience and better financial advice, you can also fill out your Bilance account and let us process your personal data including profile photo, birth date, sex, family status, place of residence, housing situation, education and employment details, property details and economic situation.
You furthermore acknowledge that as a part of the personal data processing for the purpose of service provision the Provider may use profiling to analyse or predict aspects concerning your family status, housing situation, education and employment, property details and economic situation, as well as behaviour in order to deliver you the best personalised experience and financial advice. This profiling doesn't result in any automated decision-making which would produce legal effects to you or would have similarly significant consequence.
All personal data categories mentioned above in this section can be hereinafter referred to as "Personal data". The Personal data will be processed by the Provider for the purpose of service provision until you delete it or until you or the Provider will terminate the Agreement.
Please read also the Terms of Use section 9 for detailed overview of data types and purposes.
2. Sending marketing communications
You acknowledge that the Provider, as a data controller, may use your email address and its details it has obtained in the course of registration to send you direct marketing communications regarding Bilance. Your e-mail may be used by the Provider until you opt out. You can opt out at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the respective e-mail or by another action described therein.
3. Marketing
You can give the Provider, as a data controller, consent to process your Personal data for marketing purposes, particularly in order to create audiences and otherwise personalise your ad experience, including marketing communications. The Personal data will be processed by the Provider for marketing purposes until you withdraw your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by writing to Bilance support or deleting your account.
You acknowledge that as a part of the personal data processing for marketing purposes the Provider may use profiling to analyse or predict aspects concerning your family status, housing situation, education and employment, property details and economic situation, as well as behaviour in order to deliver you the best ad experience. This profiling doesn't result in any automated decision-making which would produce legal effects to you or would have similarly significant consequence.
4. How we Use Information
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to:
Provide you with our Services and fulfill our contract with you, such as:
Managing your information and accounts;
Responding to your questions, comments, and other requests;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes;
If applicable, processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased; and
Answering your requests for customer or technical support.
Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interest, such as:
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Conducting research and development;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control;
Verifying your identity and preventing fraud;
Detecting bugs or other software issues;
Preventing potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and
Enforcing our Terms of Service.
Provide you additional content or information about our Services, such as:
Providing you with customized materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services;
Notifying you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you;
Services to you and our sponsors; and
Other purposes you consent to or are disclosed when you provide your personal information.
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, as described below.
De-Identified and Aggregated Information
We may use personal information and other information about you to create aggregated information, such as creating consumer reports, demographic information, location information, and information about the computer or device from which you access our Services. We may use this aggregated information for a variety of reasons, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services, research, internal analysis, analytics, marketing, and any other legally permissible purposes.
Information that We Share with Third Parties
Information Shared at Your Request
You may choose to share your personal information, with other account holders for example but not limited to family members or challenge participants through the Services. If you decide to do so, such account holders may import and view your personal information. Bilance is not responsible for any consequences of any use or disclosure of your personal information by you or any third parties with whom you share your personal information.
5. Service improvement and development
You acknowledge that the Provider may, as a data controller, process your Personal data for the purposes of legitimate interests in improving and developing Bilance pursued by the Provider, which includes also anonymization of the data. Where possible the Provider will use for this purpose only anonymized data. The Personal data will be processed by the Provider for the purposes of legitimate interests in improving and developing Bilance only for the necessary period of time, maximum until you or the Provider will terminate the Agreement.
You acknowledge that as a part of the personal data processing for purposes of legitimate interests in improving and developing Bilance the Provider may use profiling to analyse or predict aspects concerning your family status, housing situation, education and employment, property details and economic situation, as well as behaviour in order to develop new features and test them. This profiling doesn't result in any automated decision-making which would produce legal effects to you or would have similarly significant consequence.
6. Disclosure of your personal data
This section of our Privacy Policy outlines the circumstances under which we may disclose your personal data to third parties. By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you agree to the practices described in this policy.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties in the following circumstances:
Service Providers and Business Partners: We may share your personal data with our trusted service providers and business partners who assist us in providing, maintaining, and improving our services. These third parties may have access to your personal data only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Legal Requirements: We may disclose your personal data if we are required to do so by law, in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Bilance, our users, or the public.
Business Transfers: In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other business transfer, we may share your personal data with the relevant parties, provided that they agree to respect the confidentiality of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Consent: We may disclose your personal data to third parties with your express consent or at your direction to use the Services. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, subject to any legal or contractual restrictions.
Aggregate and Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information, such as usage statistics or demographic data, with third parties for various purposes, including marketing, research, or analysis.
Analytics and Search Engine Providers: To assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website and app.
If you would like further information about who we have shared your data with, or to be provided with a list specific to you, you can request this by writing to help@bilanceapp.com .
7. Your rights
You acknowledge that in relation to the Personal data processing you have the right to access your Personal data. If you find or presume that the Provider or any of data processors is carrying out processing of your Personal data which is in contradiction with the protection of your private and personal life or with the law, you are entitled to contact them with a complaint concerning the processing of your Personal data and ask for explanation and/or require them to remedy the arisen state of affairs, in particular by blocking (from 25. 5. 2018 "restriction of the processing"), rectification, supplementing or liquidation (from 25. 5. 2018 "erasure") of your personal data.
You acknowledge that you have also right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing based on legitimate interest (service improvement and development), including profiling (from 25. 5. 2018). You furthermore acknowledge that you have also right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes (from 25. 5. 2018). Where you object to processing, the Provider will no longer process your Personal data for the respective purposes.
You acknowledge that you have the right to receive your Personal data, which you have provided to the Provider, in a structured, commonly used format and the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the Provider (from 25. 5. 2018). In exercising this right, you have the right to have your Personal data transmitted directly from the Provider to another controller, where technically feasible. The export feature of Bilance allows you to receive your personal financial information data at any time.
We will need to verify your identity to process your information, access, and deletion requests. To exercise any of the above mentioned rights, please send us e-mail to:
help@bilanceapp.com
.
We will answer you within 30 days.
8. Payment information and on-line banking credentials
When you make purchases through Bilance, your credit card information and other data are not collected and stored by the Provider, but only by third party payment processors.
In case you use the payment account synchronization feature of Bilance, your on-line banking credentials are by default used only upon your manual entry and are not stored by Provider or GoCardless as a data processor.
9. Location
Some of the Bilance features may access and collect your current location data, including GPS coordinates or other similar information regarding the location of your device. Some features of Bilance may not function properly if use of location data is blocked or disabled.
10. Facebook & Google login
You may also sign up for Bilance with your personal Facebook or Google account. In that case, you shall give Provider all the requested permissions to collect your Personal Data.
11. Technical data
You acknowledge that Provider may collect and use technical data, including but not limited to information about your mobile device and system, Internet connection or your use of Bilance application. The purpose of the collection of technical data is to ensure quality, increase your comfort and further analyse and develop Bilance and related services. Technical data is anonymous and stored separately from the Personal Data, therefore it cannot be linked back to you in any way in order to identify you.
12. Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your device to help mobile phone applications like Bilance to remember certain information. Cookies may contain Personal data.
Bilance application is using cookies in order to keep your settings, for security reasons, to analyse your use of Bilance and for targeting advertisement.
You can always block use of cookies or delete existing cookies by changing the settings of your browser or device, however it can affect the functionality of Bilance application.
13. Data security
Your Personal Data is stored and processed automatically in electronic form on secure servers with firewall protection and physical security measures. Provider's database servers are located within the European Union and in the USA. Provider has to always comply with its high data protection standards. You acknowledge, that even Provide and other data processors use all standard security measures, the security of your Personal Data and other information can't be 100% guaranteed. Contact information If you have any queries relating to the protection and security of your data, please contact Provider help@bilanceapp.com.
14. Data Retention
In general, Bilance only keeps your personal data for the time necessary to fulfil the purpose of collection or further processing, namely providing the required services. To determine data retention periods Bilance takes into account:
whether personal data is processed based on your consent;
our legal obligations under applicable law;
our contractual obligations and rights;
our legitimate interests;
potential disputes, necessity to be able to investigate any fraud, illegal activity or wrongdoing in connection with the services;
If you wish you can request to delete your personal data you have provided to Bilance by sending an e-mail to:
help@bilanceapp.com
However, some data may be kept for a longer period when it is necessary to fulfill Bilance’s legal obligations, for example the applicable anti-money laundering laws.
This Privacy Policy was last changed in May 2023
Account Information Service is provided by GoCardless SAS. GoCardless SAS (registration No.834422180) is a limited liability company registered under the laws of the French Republic and is operating as an authorized account information service provider, supervised by the French Financial Conduct Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution).
2024 © Bilance Technology OÜ
Help Centre
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
hello@bilanceapp.com