Home
Legal notices
Privacy statement
Data we process - Customers
Data we process - Business Partners
Data we process - Drivers
Data we process - Website visitors
Privacy statement
Version May 2022
1. About this privacy statement
The protection of your personal data is important to us and we want to be transparent about the way we use your data. For this reason, we have drafted this statement to inform you about how we treat your personal data.
In this statement, we tell you:
- What personal data we collect from you;
- For what purpose we use it;
- What lawful basis we have to use it;
- The type of parties we share it with;
- How we protect your personal data; and,
- What rights you have regarding your personal data.
This privacy statement applies to personal data processed by PACCAR Holding B.V. entities and its subsidiaries, including DAF entities – such as DAF Trucks N.V. – and PACCAR Financial entities. Whenever we process personal data from you in another context than described in this privacy statement, we will give more specific information additional to the information in this statement, if required.
This statement was last updated on 16 May 2022 and will be reviewed and updated on a regular basis.
We have tried our best to make this statement as clear and complete as possible. Please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) in case you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement:
DAF Trucks N.V.
Attn. Data Protection Officer – D.06.01.225
Hugo van der Goeslaan 1
Mail address:
P.O. Box 90065 | 5600 PT Eindhoven | the Netherlands |
Tel.: +31 (0) 40 214 91 11
Visiting address
: 5642 TW Eindhoven |The Netherlands
Contact form:
data protection officer
2. Our commitment to your privacy
We are committed to treating your personal data with care. We will use it according to the appropriate security standards. We delete or anonymize the data once we do not need it anymore for the processing purposes described in the data subject-specific sections of our privacy web page. We will only collect the personal data we need in order to fulfill these purposes. Finally, we will keep your data as accurate, safe – by implementation of organizational, legal and technical (IT-)measures – and up to date as possible.
3. Who is responsible for your personal data?
The entities and subsidiaries of PACCAR Holding B.V. are responsible when it comes to processing and protecting your personal data. “PACCAR”, “we”, “us” and “our” in this statement refers to entities and subsidiaries of PACCAR Holding B.V., such as DAF entities – including DAF Trucks N.V. – and PACCAR Financial entities.
4. What personal data do we process, on what basis and why?
Via the links below you can access an overview of the types of personal data we process from you. We have also included the purposes we use this personal data for, and the lawful basis for the processing of your personal data. If we process your personal data in a substantially different way than mentioned below, we will inform you about this separately.
> Customers
> Business Partners (such as dealers / suppliers)
> Drivers
> Website visitors
Data from public sources:
Please be aware that we also collect data from (public) sources such Credit Agencies, Chambers of Commerce, publicly available websites etc.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep your personal data for as long as this is necessary for the purposes we collected it for, within the legal limits and our own internal policies for retention. Please be informed that your personal data may be processed for an additional period of time if we are required by mandatory law to keep the data for a certain time, for scientific research purposes, statistical purposes and/or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
5. Who do we share your personal data with?
We share your information with PACCAR related entities, which fall under the same data protection standards. Besides our own entities, we also share personal data with some third parties, summarized in the next subsection.
Categories of external parties we share personal data with
We share personal data with the following types of organizations:
- Authorized dealers;
- Suppliers;
- IT Suppliers;
- Service Providers;
- Insurance firms;
- Financial, tax or legal advisors;
- Central banks;
- External Auditors.
How we protect your personal data when we share it with parties that do not fall under European data protection rules
DAF Trucks N.V. is part of the PACCAR group of companies. Where this is necessary for the achievement of the data processing purposed we pursue, personal data may be shared with PACCAR related entities inside and outside the European Economic Area. Provided that it is protection by a level essentially equivalent to EU standards (GDPR).
If we share personal data with an organization that does not fall under European data protection rules and is not able to rely on an adequacy decision from the European Commission, we protect your personal data by using appropriate safeguards. An example we often use are the Standard Contractual Clauses from the European Commission. These make sure that the parties we share your personal data with uphold the same or similar standards of data protection as we do. These Standard Contractual Clauses may be supplemented with additional technical and organizational measures.
You may request a copy of the appropriate safeguards we have implemented via
data protection officer
.
6. How do we protect your personal data?
We care about protecting the availability, integrity and availability of your personal data. We have implemented security measures to help protect your personal data. For example, we implement access controls, use the appropriate system and network security measures like firewalls, patching, and protect portable devices with appropriate passwords. DAF Trucks N.V. has established an IT Security- and GDPR Framework, associated policies – for example to deal with data breaches  – and mandatory standards to protect the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the assets we use to process your personal data.
7. What are your rights?
Where we process your personal data, you are entitled to a number of rights and can exercise these rights at any point. We have provided an overview of these rights below together with what this entails for you. You can exercise your rights by contacting
data protection officer
.
PACCAR will respond to your request pertaining to your data protection rights in writing within one month of receipt of your request. Depending on the complexity and the number of requests, PACCAR is entitled to extend this period by two additional months. You shall be informed by PACCAR of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay. PACCAR only processes your request to exercise your rights under this clause 7 after we have had the opportunity to identify you properly.
The right to access, correct and receive a copy of your personal data
We are committed to keep any of your personal data we hold about you is accurate, up to date, complete, relevant and not misleading. In order to ensure we uphold this commitment, you have the right to access, correct or update your personal data at any time. Upon request, we will also provide you with a copy of the personal data we hold from you.
The right to data portability
You are entitled to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format if we have processed your personal data for the following legal grounds:
a)
You have given consent to us to process your personal data for a purpose that we have communicated to you beforehand; or
b)
We have processed your personal data in order to facilitate a contract with you; or
c)
We have processed your personal data using automated means (such as profiling).
The right to deletion of your personal data
You have the right to request that we delete your data if:
a)
Your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which we collected it; or
b)
You withdraw the consent that you had previously given us to process your personal data, and there is no other legal ground to process that personal data; or
c)
You object to us processing your personal data for PACCAR’s legitimate interests;
d)
The personal data is not being processed lawfully;
e)
Your personal data needs to be deleted to comply with relevant legal requirements.
If you wish to delete the personal data we hold about you, please let us know by contacting
data protection officer
and we will take reasonable steps to respond to your request in accordance with legal requirements. If your personal data we process is no longer needed for any purposes (including statistical purposes or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims) and we are not required by law to retain it, we will do what we can to delete, destroy or permanently un-link it to you as a individual.
The right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of processing your personal data if:
a)
You do not believe the personal data we have about you is accurate; or
b)
The personal data is not being processed lawfully, but instead of deleting the personal data, you would prefer us to restrict processing instead; or
c)
We no longer need your personal data for the purposes we collected it for, but you require the data in order to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
d)
You have objected to the processing of your personal data and are awaiting verification on whether your interests related to that objection outweigh the legitimate grounds for processing your data.
If you wish to restrict our processing of your personal data, please let us know by contacting
data protection officer
and we will take reasonable steps to respond to your request in accordance with legal requirements.
The right to object or withdraw consent
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time, if the processing is based on PACCAR’s or a third party’s legitimate interests. Note that these types of requests may be rejected by us if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms. However, if you object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes we will in principle always terminate the processing. In those situations your rights will virtually always prevail.
You have the right to withdraw consent for the processing of your personal data at any time, if the processing is based on your consent. Withdrawing your consent means that we are no longer allowed to process your personal data for the processing you consented to. If you wish to withdraw your consent, this will not affect the legitimacy of the data processing prior to that withdrawal. Withdrawal of consent therefore has no retroactive effect.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the data protection authority about how we process your personal data. Please find
a link here
with an overview of the relevant authorities or search for ‘[your country] Data Protection Authority’ via a search engine website.
8. Cookies
We use cookies on this website. You can find more information on this on the
cookie page
.