Welcome to iCommunity App. This document defines our privacy and security practices. Our objective is that you go through it and be aware of how we manage your personal information and usage of the application.
Please take the time to go through the policy and get back to us if you have any questions or concerns. By using the application or any of the related services you are approving our usage of your personal information as per the below policy. If you have any concerns with the policy, then please refrain from using the application.
COLLECTING AND USING INFORMATION
General Practices
Our Server Logs.
Information generated by your use of the iCommunity App, and your interaction with the messages being sent is automatically captured in our server log. This information may include and is not limited to the browser you are using, the downstream and upstream URLs, your mobile device models, the operating system version, IP address and protocol used by your mobile device, your mobile device or app identifier, and usage and browsing behavior. We use this information to provide and improve our services, fix issues, to analyze trends, and aggregate usage data for analysis.
Sign-Up and Verification
Creating an iCommunity.
To create a community, we work directly with the developer or the Home Owners Association (HOA). If your Community is not created then please contact us.
Primary Resident Verification.
We work with the Developer or the HOA to send an initial verification code via SMS from the iCommunity Management on the mobile number that is registered with the community management team. On going validation for new residents is also initially validated by the community manager before an SMS is generated.
Invitations:
Existing iCommunity App members have the access to invite you to join the service by sending you a link directly from their account. You will then need to add your information to be then sent to the community manager to validate your data and send you the access code. iCommunity App may send you reminders via email or mobile phone. If you aren’t a member or are not interested, you can opt-out of future email. Please note that iCommunity Management may also extend invitations themselves by sending messages to potential new members; to help extend those invitations, they gather information from the developer.
Using iCommunity App
Personal Profile Information.
A member’s account includes information such as your name, address, email, phone number, profession and photo,. From the settings menu, you can control which data becomes visible. However, irrespective of your settings, if you post a message on the community timeline, your name, unit number and photo will be visible. If you realize that you are the subject of an unauthorized account then please contact us immediately.
Engaging with Other Residents.
You can engage with other residents publicly via the general timeline discussions. Or you can engage in a direct private conversation with another resident.
You can also block other users if you see that necessary, but this will be with some limited exceptions.
Notification Settings.
You can manage your notification preferences from your notification settings. Management and administrative messages cannot be disabled.
Respecting Privacy.
Strengthening social ties and communications amongst neighbors has always been one of the fundamentals of the iCommunity App. Therefore privacy is fundamental as it reflects the trust between the neighbors.
Taking information or content shared by one resident and sharing it outside the application without prior authorization from the originator marks a clear and direct violation to your neighbors’ and community expectations. This is considered a serious offence and can result in the deletion of the account. Therefore, no one is allowed to share any of the neighbors’ information or discussion with anyone outside the iCommunity App without pre-authorization. Additionally, collecting information from iCommunity App in any way is completely prohibited.  It should be made very clear that it is completely prohibited to share community information from the iCommunity App to third-party marketers.
Any violation of the privacy guideline could lead to the immediate and permanent ban from the iCommunity App.
Adding others to iCommunity App.
As a registered property owner, you are defined as a prime account on the iCommunity App. You may also choose to add your family members by inviting them to join the iCommunity App. They will then receive a validation code that they will use in their first time registration. You should only add family members that are residing with you. You can also add people leasing your house. There accounts will have an expiration date.
Third-Party Offers.
We are aware that most people do not want to get marketing from third parties as a result of them joining the iCommunity App, therefore we do not share your personal information with third-party marketers without your express consent.
INFORMATION RETENTION
We may retain or share your personal information in good-faith if we are legally required to do so or we deem it necessary in order to defend or enforce our rights, our Member Agreement or any other agreements we have with you, or to prevent physical injury or other harm to any person or entity, including yourself and members of the general public. This information is retained in our servers and databases for as long as deemed necessary, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information.
SECURITY
Data Security.
iCommunity App applies all the appropriate technical and process precautions to keep everyone’s data secure. However, the digital space is not a fully secure environment and we cannot guarantee that your personal information won’t be intercepted or improperly accessed. Please ensure that you keep your password safe and do not share it with anyone.
Third Party Services.
Our Services may contain links to and from websites and services operated by third parties. It should be noted that these third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their privacy and security practices.
Amendment.
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy. If there is any significant change in our privacy policy, we will take steps to notify you in advance of the change. Your continued access and use or the iCommunity App after the revised privacy policy is enforced,  you will be deemed to have consented to the revised privacy policy.
Contact Us
Moonshot Labs, 29 Al-Rahala Al-Boghdady St.. Ard Elgolf. Cairo. Egypt
Email:
info@icommunity-app.com