Orange Football Network - Privacy Policy
1. General Rules
Article 1 Purpose
Orange Football Network Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the 'Company') values ​​the protection of personal information of members who use Orange Football Network and all services related to Orange Football Network (hereinafter referred to as "Service"), We always do our best to protect your personal information.

The company is responsible for all major laws, directives, and guidelines regarding personal information protection, including the Personal Information Protection Act, the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection (hereinafter referred to as the “Information and Communications Network Act”).

This privacy policy applies to members who use the company's services, informs them of the purpose and method of using the personal information provided by members, and what measures the company is taking to protect personal information. In addition, it is a means of guaranteeing the member's 'right of self-determination of personal information' by stipulating the rights and obligations between the company and members in relation to personal information.
2. Processing of Personal Information
Article 2 Consent to Collection and Use of Personal Information
The company collects the minimum personal information necessary for the establishment and execution of the service use contract in a legal and fair way, and provides information about the consent to the collection and use of personal information when signing up for membership in order to collect personal information that can identify the member. When membership registration is completed, members are deemed to have agreed to the collection and use of personal information.
Article 3 Range of Personal Information to Be Collected and Method of Collection
Section 1. The following personal information is collected by the company from members at the time of member sign-up for service provision and contract execution, such as membership sign-up, consultation, and service application.

1) ID (email address), password, e-mail, name, date of birth, age, gender, profile picture, identification token, membership number (limited to members using social media linkage or affiliate plan), and phone number are collected when signing up through social media. If the member's date of birth is a child under the age of 14, legal representative information (legal representative's name, date of birth, gender, duplicate information (DI), mobile phone number) is additionally collected.

Section 2. Personal information collected from members in the process of using the service is as follows.
1) The company may collect the information necessary for payment as follows at the time of payment if the member wants to use the paid service.
- Payment method owner information (name), card information, mobile phone number, landline phone number, transaction ID issued for each payment, payment product code
2) The company may collect the following information when members participate in events and promotions.
- Name, email address, mobile phone number, address, date of birth
3) In order to restrict the use/purchase of contents and products according to age and to prevent illegal use of services, identity verification is performed, and name, date of birth, gender, domestic/foreigner status, mobile phone number, connection information (CI), duplicate information (DI) can be collected.
4) When refunding cash, the name of the account holder, account bank name, account number, and related certification documents (if necessary) may be collected.
5) When contacting the customer center, information such as email address, mobile phone number, name, date of birth, and payment information may be collected for accurate guidance.
6) For the purpose of providing customized recommendation services for members, information on services used that cannot identify members, behavioral information such as access time and frequency may be collected.

Section 3. In the process of using the service, the following information may be generated and collected.

1) PC: PC Mac Address, PC specification information, browser information, program version information used when using other services
2) Mobile phone (smartphone) & mobile device with smart OS (tablet PC, etc.): model name, unique number for each device (UDID, IMEI, etc.), OS information, mobile carrier, Google/Apple advertising ID
3) Other information: Service use (suspend) records, access logs, cookies, access IP information

Section 5. The company collects personal information in the following ways.

1) Personal information is collected when the member agrees to the collection of personal information and directly inputs the information during membership registration and service use.
2) Personal information may be collected through online and offline events.
3) Personal information may be collected through provision from affiliated companies.
4) During the consultation process through the customer center, personal information may be collected through web pages, mail, fax, and phone calls.
5) Generated information such as device information may be automatically generated and collected during the use of PC web and mobile web/apps.

Section 6. The company does not request personal information containing possibilities of violation of human rights (race and ethnicity, ideology and creed, place of origin and domicile, political orientation and criminal record, health status and sex life, etc.), and does not collect or use for any purposes mentioned above.
Article 4 Matters Concerning the Installation, Operation and Refusal of Automatic Personal Information Collection Devices
Section 1. A cookie is string information (text file) that is sent and stored by a web server to a web browser and sent back to the server when there is an additional request from the server. This is saved in member's hard disk and contains website and member’s personal information.
1) The service operated by the company installs and operates cookies that store and frequently find member information through the Internet. When a member accesses the website, the contents of the cookie in the member's browser can be read, additional information can be found, and the service can be provided without additional input such as name according to access.
2) Members have the option to install cookies, and members can accept all cookies by setting options in the web browser, go through confirmation whenever cookies are saved, or refuse to save all cookies. However, if a member refuses to install cookies, difficulties in providing services may occur.
3) The information the company collects through cookies is limited to the member's unique number, and no other information is collected. The member's unique number collected by the company through cookies can be used for the following purposes.
go. Provide differentiated information according to individual interests
me. Analyze the access frequency or length of stay of members and non-members to identify member's tastes and areas of interest and use them for target marketing
All. Track service use history and use it as a measure for future personalized service provision and service reorganization through analysis
la. When using paid services, information on the period of use, etc.
mind. In order to provide customized advertisements to members, the company collects and uses 'cookies' in web browsers and Google/Apple advertising IDs in mobile apps, and information such as member's website visit history and app usage history is shared with Facebook, Google, etc. It is provided to companies operating advertising channels.
4) Members can block customized advertisements using cookies at any time, and in case of blocking, customized advertisements will no longer be exposed.
[Android phone] Google settings > Ads > Select or deselect Ads Personalization
[iPhone] Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking
[PC Web]
Internet Explorer: Tools>Internet Options>Privacy>Cookie Settings in Advanced
Chrome: Set cookies in Settings > Cookies and other site data
Article 5 Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal Information
Section 1. The company uses the collected personal information for the following purposes.
1) Implementation of contract for service provision Settlement of fees according to provision of paid service
- Content provision, billing for the use of paid services, purchase and payment, identity verification, delivery of goods or billing, collection of fees
2) Member management
- Identification according to the use of membership service, personal identification, prevention of fraudulent and unauthorized use by bad members, confirmation of duplicate registration, confirmation of intention to sign up, age verification, confirmation of consent of legal representative when collecting personal information of children under 14 years of age, and identification Confirmation, preservation of records for dispute mediation, handling of complaints, etc., delivery of notices such as account information changes
3) Use for marketing and advertising
- Development of new services and provision of customized services, provision of services and advertisements according to statistical characteristics, confirmation of service effectiveness, identification of access frequency, provision of statistics on service use by members, event and advertising information and opportunities to participate
4) Providing customized services, maintaining and managing services and improving quality, discovering and improving new service elements, etc.
- As part of this service, the company may recommend customized content to members through methods such as app push. Members can refuse this at any time through the app push settings.
Article 6 Provision and Consignment of Personal Information to Third Parties
Section 1. The company does not use the member's personal information beyond the range specified in this privacy policy or provide it to a third party (other person or other corporate organization) other than the recipients specified in this privacy policy without the consent of the member. However, exceptions are made in cases falling under any of the following subparagraphs.
1) In case there is a request from the relevant agency for investigation, trial or administrative purposes in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations
2) In accordance with the procedures set forth in other relevant laws, such as the Act on Real Name Financial Transactions and Guarantee of Confidentiality, the Act on the Use and Protection of Credit Information, the Framework Act on Telecommunications, the Telecommunications Business Act, the Local Tax Act, the Consumer Protection Act, the Bank of Korea Act, and the Criminal Procedure Act upon request

Section 2. In case of transfer of all or part of the business or transfer/succession of the rights and obligations of the service provider due to merger/inheritance, etc., the member must be notified of the fact in order to guarantee the member's rights related to personal information protection.

Section 3. If it is necessary for the company to provide member's personal information to a third party, such as another company, in order to provide better service, the company will know in advance who the affiliate is, what personal information items to be provided or shared. The purpose of use of personal information, how long it will be shared and how it will be protected and managed will be notified to members and will go through the process of seeking consent, and information that members do not consent to will not be provided to or shared with third parties. The company will do its utmost to prevent indiscriminately providing personal information of members against the original purpose of collection and use set forth in the personal information processing policy.

Section 4. The company entrusts some of the tasks necessary to provide services to external companies, and stipulates and manages/supervises necessary matters so that the entrusted companies safely handle personal information in accordance with the Information and Communications Network Act. If the company does not use services related to the work entrusted to the consignment company, the member's personal information is not provided to the consignment company.
Article 7 Consignment of Personal Information Processing
Section 1. The entrustment of handling personal information is as follows.


1) Customer center tool for consultation
- Consignment company: Channel Corporation Co., Ltd.
- Content of consignment service: Provide customer center tool for receiving and processing inquiries

2) Data analysis tools for statistical analysis
- Consignment company: Mixpanel, Inc., Smartlook.com, s.r.o.
- Content of consignment service: Customer data analysis for product improvement

3) Data storage and system operation
- Consignment company: Amazon Web Service (AWS Seoul Region)
- Details of consignment work: data storage and system operation for service provision
- Personal information items: All personal information collected in the process of providing services
- Date and time of transfer of personal information: When entering necessary information for service use
- How to transfer personal information: Keep personal information in the AWS cloud computing environment
- Period of retention and use of personal information: Retention until member withdrawal or expiration of personal information

4) Recipient name and contact information of consignment: The Rocket Science Group LLC (https://mailchimp.com/contact/)
- Date and method of transfer: Transmission through the network at the time of service use
- Items of personal information to be transferred: nickname, email, country
- Purpose of use and period of retention and use by transfer recipient: Sending an e-mail to guide payment, etc. during the personal information storage period
Article 8 Rights of Members and Legal Representatives and How to Exercise Them
Section 1. Members can view, modify, or delete their personal information at any time. As for the personal information of children under the age of 14, the legal representative (hereafter referred to as “legal representative” in this Article) can exercise the above rights on behalf of the child.

Section 2. Members and legal representatives may request inquiry, correction, or deletion of their personal information (in the case of legal representatives, children) through web inquiry, written, telephone, or e-mail to the customer center listed in Article 14. The customer center takes action without delay on the exercise of the rights of members or legal representatives and informs them of the processing results.

Section 3. Members can directly view and modify registered personal information in the [Settings] menu of the web and dedicated applications, and can check the results immediately.

Section 4. Members and legal representatives may contact the customer center if they have any objection to the processing result of the inquiry, modification, or deletion request in Sections 2 and 3 above, and the company will review the objection and inform the processing result. .

Section 5. Members or legal representatives of children under the age of 14 may withdraw their consent to the collection and use of personal information by terminating the service use contract (membership withdrawal).

Section 6. If you request correction of personal information, the personal information will not be used or provided until the correction is completed. In addition, if wrong personal information has already been provided to a third party, the correction process result will be notified to the third party without delay so that the correction can be made. However, in the following cases, access and correction of personal information may be exceptionally restricted.
1) If there is a risk of significantly harming the life, body, property or rights of the person or a third party
2) In case there is a possibility of significantly hindering the service provider's business
3) Violation of laws and regulations

Section 7. The company deletes or removes personal information and personal data when there is a request for deletion or membership withdrawal. However, the company may keep the member's personal information for a period of time according to the law as specified in Article 9 "Period of Retention and Use of Personal Information".

Section 8. When the company learns that a member has stolen another person's personal information to sign up for membership, etc., the company takes necessary measures without delay, such as suspending service use for the ID, withdrawing from membership, or deleting personal information. In addition, even if a member who is aware of the theft of his or her personal information requests to suspend service use for the ID, withdraw from membership, or delete personal information, the company will take immediate action.
Article 9 Period of Retention and Use of Personal Information
Section 1. Member's personal information is disposed when the purpose of collection or provision of personal information is achieved. If a member withdraws from membership or is subject to member ID deletion due to false personal information, the collected personal information is completely deleted and is processed so that it cannot be used for any purpose.

Section 2. In addition, in the event of a dispute such as identity theft, the copy of the ID card submitted for identity verification will be disposed immediately after identity verification.

Section 3. Member's personal information is disposed without delay when the purpose of collection and use of personal information is achieved, but in the case of each of the items below, it can be kept for a specified period and is not used for any other purpose.
1) In the case of a member who has caused controversy due to unhealthy service use, the personal information can be kept for one year for the purpose of requesting an investigation by a judicial agency or protecting other members.
2) If it is necessary to keep it in accordance with the provisions of related laws, the company may keep the member's personal information for a certain period of time set forth in the relevant laws even after the purpose of personal information collection and use is achieved.
go. Records on contract or subscription withdrawal: 5 years
me. Records on payment and supply of goods: 5 years
All. Records on consumer complaints or dispute handling: 3 years
la. Records on indications and advertisements: 6 months
mind. Website visit history: 3 months
3) The company separately stores and manages the personal information of members who have not used the service for one year according to the ‘personal information expiration date’.
Article 10 Procedure and Method of Destroying Personal Information
After the purpose of using the collected personal information is achieved, the company transfers it to a separate DB and disposes the information without delay according to the storage period and usage period. The disposal procedure and method are as follows.

Section 1. Disposal Procedure
Personal information entered by a member for service subscription, etc. is stored and stored for a certain period of time (refer to personal information storage period and use period) in accordance with internal policies and reasons for information protection pursuant to other relevant laws after the purpose of use, such as service cancellation, has been achieved. then deleted or disposed of.

Section 2. Disposal Method
Personal information written in written form or printed on paper is shredded with a shredder and disposed of, and personal information stored in the form of electronic files is deleted using a technical method that cannot reproduce the record.
Article 11 Member’s Rights and Obligations
Members are requested to enter their personal information accurately and up to date to prevent unexpected accidents. Members are responsible for accidents caused by inaccurate information entered by members, and account use may be restricted if false information is entered, such as stealing other people's information.
Members who use the service operated by the company have the right to have their personal information protected, as well as the duty to protect themselves and not infringe on other people's information. Members must be careful not to leak personal information, including ID and password, and be careful not to damage the personal information of others, including posts. If members fail to fulfill these responsibilities and damage the information and dignity of others, you may be punished under the Information and Communications Network Act.
Article 12 Duty of Notification
In case of addition, deletion or modification of the contents of the current 「Personal Information Handling Policy」, it shall be notified through the 'Notice' on the homepage at least 7 days prior to the amendment, and if the amendment is disadvantageous to members, it shall be notified from 30 days prior to the amendment. no see. Change-related inquiries can be made through the customer center.
Article 13 Personal Information Protection Manager and Person in Charge
The company places the utmost importance on the protection of member's personal information and is doing its best to prevent damage, infringement, or leakage of member's personal information. If you report any complaints related to personal information protection that occur while using the service to the customer center, we will respond promptly.

[Information Protection Officer]
Name: James Park
Affiliation: Personal Information Protection Team
Email: info@orangefootballnetwork.com
[Personnel in charge of personal information management]
Name: James Park
Affiliation: Personal Information Protection Team
Email: info@orangefootballnetwork.com
Article 14 Consultation and Reporting Related to Infringement of Personal Information
The company values the opinions of its members.
If you have any questions about the services the company is operating, please contact the customer center, etc. and we will give you a quick/accurate answer. The company operates a customer consultation center for smooth communication, and the contact information is as follows.