Personal Information Protection
                        Policy
Amended on: 06/19/2023
Effective on: 06/19/2023
Preface
The Personal Information Protection Policy
                        is applicable to the e-CNY App (hereinafter referred to as “App”), e-CNY related Mini Programs
                        and H5 pages (together hereinafter referred to as “Product”). The Product is jointly developed
                        by authorized operators (Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Agricultural Bank of
                        China Limited, Bank of China Limited, China Construction Bank Corporation, Bank of
                        Communications Co., Ltd., Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., China Merchants Bank Co.,
                        Ltd., INDUSTRIAL BANK CO., LTD., Zhejiang MyBank Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qianhai WeBank Share
                        Limited Company, hereinafter referred to as “Operators” or “We”) who provide wallet opening and
                        other wallet services, and is designed to offer technical support for e-CNY wallet
                        services.
We fully understand the importance of
                        personal information and we appreciate your trust. We will comply with the relevant laws,
                        regulations, and regulatory requirements, and take appropriate security measures to protect your
                        personal information based on mature security standards of the industry. Please read the
                        Personal Information Protection Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Policy”) carefully
                        before using this Product.
This Policy will help you understand the
                        following contents:
I. How we collect your personal
                        information
II. How we store your personal
                        information
III. How we use your personal
                        information
IV. How we provide, transfer, and disclose
                        your personal information to external parties
V. Exceptions to obtaining consent when
                        processing personal information
VI. How we protect your personal
                        information
VII. Your rights to manage your personal
                        information
VIII. Protection of minor personal
                        information
IX. Instructions on obtaining
                        permissions
X. Scope of application of this
                        Policy
XI. Modifications and amendments to this
                        Policy
XII. How to contact us
XIII. Appendix
This Policy is designed to help you
                        understand how we collect, store use and disclose your personal information when you use this
                        Product, as well as the methods that we provided for you to view, update, delete, manage, and
                        protect such information.
Please make sure to read carefully and understand this Policy before using this Product,
                                especially contents in bold. You shall not use our Product or services until you have
                                fully understood and agreed to this Policy.
If you have any doubts, comments, or
                        suggestions regarding this Policy, you can contact us through the contact information provided
                        in this Policy.
For the relevant terms used in this Policy,
                        we will try our best to phrase them concisely and clearly to facilitate your understanding.
Meanwhile, for the terms that may be significantly important to your legitimate
                                interests and contents involving sensitive personal information, we have presented them
                                in bold  form as a special reminder. You may refuse to provide us certain sensitive
                                personal information, but it may limit your access to specific functions of this
                                Product.
Please note that the e-CNY wallet services related to this Product are provided by the
                                authorized operators who open the e-CNY wallets for you. Please read carefully and fully
                                understand the policies on personal information protection of your respective authorized
                                operators before using the e-CNY wallet services. In case of any doubts, comments, or
                                suggestions regarding relevant policies on protection of personal information, you may
                                contact the authorized operators through the contact information provided by
                                them.
Please note that this Product is not
                        designed for individuals located outside the People’s Republic of China (hereinafter referred to
                        as “China”). We have no intention to provide services to such individuals nor will we process
                        their personal information. If you are not located inside China or have left China, please opt
                        out of the services provided by this Product and notify us.
I. How do we collect your personal information
For the sake of your normal use of this
                        Product, we will collect certain personal information under the following circumstances:
(i) To provide you with services related to the account of the App
1. To determine whether you are qualified
                        to sign up. E-CNY pilots in certain designated areas (please refer to information in the pop-up
                        window during registration); customers who are located in specified regions or part of specified
                        pilot programs are qualified to register. We need to determine whether you are in the pilot area
                        based on the
location information
of your mobile phone or other devices
                        (hereinafter referred to as “device”). If you do not provide us your location information (which
                        contains your sensitive personal information) or do not allow us to record such information, you
                        will not be able to register.
Due to abnormal location information of
                        your device or other reasons, we may not be able to determine your location. In this case, we
                        will provide your
mobile phone number
to your mobile phone carrier (China Telecom
                        service hotline: 10000 / China Mobile service hotline: 10086 / China Unicom service hotline:
                        10010), and the mobile phone carrier will inquire about your
located city information
and return it to us.
2. App account registration. In order to
                        ensure the security of your e-CNY wallet, you need to sign up for an App account before using
                        this App. When you register an App account, you need to provide your
mobile phone number
, which will be used as the login username,
                        and set your login password. Your
login password
will be stored in an encrypted form. We
                        will send you an
SMS verification code
. Login password and SMS verification code
                        contain your sensitive personal information. You may change the mobile phone number used for
                        registration by going to “Me → More Settings → Account and Security → Login Username”, and
                        change your password through “Me → More Settings → Account and Security → Login password”. If
                        you do not provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to use all the functions
                        of this App. You can choose to create your exclusive profile photo. Yet, if you do not, all
                        other functions will still be available.
3. Login password retrieval. As the login
                        password is critical to your private personal data and the security of funds in the e-CNY
                        wallet, we need to fully verify your identity before helping you to retrieve your login
                        password. The authorized operator who opened the e-CNY wallet for you may verify your
wallet payment PIN, identity information (including name, type and number of your valid
                                identity document), as well as the facial information
you provided to the App; if necessary, you
                        need to upgrade your wallet to retrieve your login password. When upgrading your wallet, you may
                        need to provide
personal identity information (including name, type and number of your valid identity
                                document), facial information and bank card information (including bank card number,
                                mobile number linked to your bank account, SMS verification code)
to the respective operators. Personal
                        identity information, facial information and bank card information contain your sensitive
                        personal information. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to retrieve
                        login password.
4. App unlock methods. You may set the
                        unlock methods “Opening the App” or “Entering the payment page” by going to “Me → More Settings
                        → Account and Security → App Unlock Method”. In case you choose to use Face ID or fingerprint to
                        unlock, we will invoke the face ID or fingerprint ID that you have set on your device. We will
                        only receive the verification results and will not collect any of your fingerprint ID or Face ID
                        information. In case you choose to use “gesture password”, the gesture password you set will be
                        saved to your current device locally. We will only collect the verification results and will not
                        upload your gesture password to the server.
5. Customer service. Your authorized wallet
                        operators will provide service to you when you submit a complaint, appeal or inquiry, or request
                        to settle a dispute. We may need you to provide App account (mobile phone number) information,
                        and cross check this information with personal information associated with your account to
                        verify your identity. Meanwhile, you may need to provide the following personal information:
                        name, mobile phone number and other contact information, city/region, for us to contact you or
                        help you to solve the problems. In addition, we may also collect communication records between
                        you and us (including text/picture/audio and video/call record) and other necessary information
                        related to your requests. The purpose for collecting such information is to investigate and help
                        you solve your problems. If you refuse to provide the aforesaid information, we may not be able
                        to provide you with feedbacks on the complaints, appeals or inquiries in a timely manner.
In case we have not disclosed any particular function or product/service that needs to
                                collect your personal information in this Policy, or in case we go beyond the scope that
                                are directly or reasonably related to the purpose for which we claim to collect your
                                personal information, we will, before collecting and using your personal information,
                                explain to you about this separately via updating this Policy, page prompts, pop-ups, or
                                other means that are convenient for you, and will provide you with optional consent
                                methods, and collect and use the information after obtaining your explicit consent. In
                                addition, the third-party may provide services to you through this product. When you
                                enter the page of the service provided by the third-party, please note that the relevant
                                service is provided by the third-party. If a third-party collects personal information
                                from you, we recommend that you check their personal information protection policies
                                carefully.
(ii) To secure your App account and e-CNY wallets
For the purpose of enhancing your App
                        account and e-CNY wallet security, protecting your personal and property security against
                        infringement, ensuring the safe and stable operation of the App, safeguarding against security
                        risks such as phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network
                        attacks and network intrusion, and more accurately identifying violations of laws and
                        regulations, we need to record your device information including International Mobile Equipment
                        Identity (IMEI, IMSI), Media Access Control (MAC), device location information, Identifier For
                        Vendor (IDFV), Universally Unique Identifier (UUID), device serial number, Android_ID, equipment
                        model, system type, operating system version number, screen features, manufacturer modeland GPU
                        information; network information including IP address, Wi-Fi information, Internet access type,
                        base station ID, network type and SIM card information; device environment information including
                        CPU usage, memory usage, device usage status, local environment security status and App install
                        information; information regarding the using of this App including the version number, the time
                        and frequency at which buttons are clicked, the values of some key configurations and software
                        crash log, as well as other log information related to our services. If you do not give us
                        permission to record the aforementioned information, it may affect the security verification of
                        your operating environment and your user experience.
(iii) To provide you with e-CNY wallet services
The e-CNY wallet services will be provided
                        by the authorized operators through this Product, with whom you opened the e-CNY wallets. When
                        you enter the e-CNY wallet service page, please note that the services are provided by the
                        respective operators. Please read carefully and fully understand the policies on personal
                        information protection of the respective operators when opening/adding e-CNY wallets. Please
                        refer to
Appendix I
for the notice on collecting important
                        personal information through this Product by your respective authorized operators. To learn more
                        about personal information protection policies of respective authorized operators, please go to:
                        “Me → More Settings → Privacy → Personal Information Protection Policy”.
To make sure you will be able to use e-CNY
                        wallets linked to your App account, we will record all e-
CNY wallet ID
s linked to your App account (i.e. your
                        mobile phone number). E-CNY wallet IDs are sensitive personal information, if you do not allow
                        us to collect the aforementioned information, you will not be able to link any e-CNY wallets to
                        this App.
(iv) Other purposes
To the extent permitted by laws and
                        relevant regulations, we may anonymize, aggregate, desensitize, de-identify and encrypt your
                        personal information and use such processed data to form statistical analysis or indirect user
                        profiles (statistical analysis and indirect user profiles cannot be used to identify any
                        specific individuals).
In case we use your information for other purposes not specified in this Policy, or use
                                the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will seek your
                                prior consent.
II. How we store your personal information
Personal information collected or generated in the People’s Republic of China will be
                                stored in the People’s Republic of China pursuant to applicable laws and
                                regulations.
If it is deemed necessary to transmit
                        relevant personal information collected in China to overseas institutions to process
                        cross-border businesses, we will carry out security assessment in accordance with laws,
                        administrative regulations, and the provisions of relevant regulators. Besides, we will inform
                        you the purpose on transmitting the information out of China, categories of personal information
                        involved, name of the foreign receiving parties, their data security capability as well as
                        possible security risks, and obtain your explicit consent. Furthermore, we will clarify the
                        obligations and responsibilities of the parties by signing agreements, conducting supervision
                        and verifications, perform security audits and take other effective measures, and require the
                        overseas institutions to keep the personal information obtained confidential. We will ensure
                        that your personal information is adequately protected by means such as anonymization,
                        de-identification, encrypted storage, etc.
We will store your personal information for the shortest time period necessary for
                                fulfilling the purposes described in this Policy and within the time limit mandated by
                                applicable laws and regulations. In case you close your account, your personal
                                information will be deleted or anonymized within 15 working days, unless the retention
                                period mandated by applicable laws and administrative regulations has not expired, or
                                deletion is technically infeasible. In such circumstances, we will cease to process your
                                personal information other than retention and taking necessary protection
                                methods.
In case we cease to provide this Product or
                        related services, we will notify you of the cessation individually or through an announcement,
                        immediately stop collecting your personal information, and delete or anonymize the personal
                        information we have stored.
III. How we use your personal information
In order to comply with the relevant laws,
                        regulations, and regulatory requirements, and provide you with services and improve service
                        quality; secure your account, e-CNY wallet and fund safety, we will use your personal
                        information under the following circumstances:
1.To realize certain purposes of
Section I of this Policy
“How we collect your personal
                        information”.
2.To secure your App account and e-CNY
                        wallet safety, protect your personal and property security against infringement, ensure the safe
                        and stable operation of the App, we will use your information for identity verification,
                        customer service, security protection, risk alerts, transaction monitoring, prevention or
                        prohibition of illegal activities, archiving and filing purposes.
3.To report to relevant competent
                        authorities according to applicable laws and regulations.
4.To help us understand how you use this
                        Product, or to invite you to participate in user survey.
5.To desensitize, de-identify or anonymize
                        your personal information and use such processed data to form statistical analysis, in order to
                        provide you with more accurate, personalized, quick and convenient services, or to help us
                        evaluate and improve our services.
6.For other purposes as agreed or
                        authorized by you.
If we want to use your personal information
                        for other purposes not stated in this policy, or beyond the scope that is directly or reasonably
                        related to the stated purpose of collecting your personal information, we will ask for your
                        consent again prior to using your personal information, according to applicable laws and
                        regulations, and in the form of agreements confirmation, click confirmation actions under
                        specific scenarios, etc., except in cases where the laws and regulations do not require the
                        consent of the individual.
IV. How we provide, transfer, and disclose your personal information to external
                                parties
(i) Provide your personal information to the third party
We are committed to keep your information
                        strictly confidential. We will only provide your information to a third party under the
                        following circumstances. To the extent necessary to provide your information to a third party in
                        order to provide services to you, we will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of
                        collecting the information by the third party. We will require the third party to take
                        protective measures for your information and strictly abide by applicable laws, regulations, and
                        regulatory requirements. In addition, we will ask for your explicit consent in the form of
                        agreement confirmation, text confirmation under specific scenarios, pop-up notice, etc., or
                        require the third party to seek your separate consent in accordance with applicable laws,
                        regulations, and national standards, except where your consent is not required under applicable
                        laws, regulations and national standards.
1. We may provide necessary personal
                        information to a third party when cooperating with it to provide you services. Some products or
                        services may be provided by third parties. Thus, we may provide necessary personal information
                        to such third parties in order to provide you with the products or services you require. When
                        you choose to use the relevant products or services, we will provide necessary information to
                        the cooperative provider for the purpose of delivering the services to you according to the
                        relevant agreement you have signed with such provider, and you may check the personal processing
                        information in the corresponding business service agreements and the specific scenario page
                        prompts. In order for you to receive notification push, use map services and other third-party
                        services, our App will embed Software Development Kit (SDK) or similar applications from
                        authorized partners. You may tap
Appendix II
to view the name, provider, purpose and
                        type of personal information collected by these third-party SDKs. Before you use the services
                        provided by the third party, please confirm that you have fully understood the rules of that
                        third party related to collection and usage of personal information. If you need help, please
                        consult the customer service of that third party. Please note that the above developer documents
                        or privacy policy links are generated and published by the respective SDK developers/providers.
                        The links and the page contents of the links may be changed or adjusted by the respective SDK
                        developers/providers to the extent permitted by law. Please refer to the latest link and the
                        content of the links published by the relevant SDK developer/provider. As some SDK
                        developers/providers do not provide online documents, we are unable to provide links to the
                        privacy policies of all third-party SDK development documents.
2. We may provide the necessary personal
                        information to the third party when you use third-party services with e-CNY App account. When
                        you use products or services in the e-CNY App provided by third party entities through Mini
                        Programs or other applications, we will pass your user number and relevant page prompt
                        information to the third party based on your authorization of the specific scenario. You may
                        check the personal information processing information in the corresponding business service
                        agreement, personal information protection guideline, and specific scenario page prompt.
3. We may provide our affiliates with
                        necessary personal information for them to provide services to you or to us. We may provide your
                        personal information to our affiliated parties in cases they provide services to you or to us.
                        However, we will only provide necessary personal information and will explicitly inform you of
                        such affiliated parties. We will make it clear to our affiliated parties that their processing
                        of your information shall be subject to this Policy. In case the affiliated party wants to
                        change the purpose for which your personal information is processed, they will ask for your
                        consent again.
4. We may provide your personal information
                        to a third party according to laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation disputes
                        resolution purposes; or according to mandates made by administrative, judicial, and other
                        competent authorities according to applicable laws and regulations. The scope of personal
                        information provision will be subject to laws and regulations and mandates made by relevant
                        competent authorities.
5. We will, to the extent permitted by laws
                        and regulations, share any personal information deemed necessary to respond to public health
                        emergencies or emergencies related to the protection of life, health and property security of
                        natural persons, except where the provision of your personal information is explicitly
                        prohibited by any laws and regulations.
6. Unless we obtain your explicit
                        authorization and consent, we will not provide your personal information to a third party. We
                        may provide such information in a compiled, anonymized form, or in a manner that cannot be used
                        to identify you to third parties.
(ii) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal
                        information to any other company, organization or individuals, except in the following
                        circumstances:
1. As the business develops, we and our
                        affiliated parties may carry out mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or other similar
                        transactions. In the case where the relevant transaction involves the transfer of your personal
                        information, we will require the company, organization and individual who will possess your
                        personal information in the future to continue to be subject to this Policy, or we will require
                        them to re-obtain your consent.
2. To the extent explicitly agreed by you,
                        we will transfer your personal information we have obtained to other parties.
(iii) Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your
                        personal information under the following circumstances:
1. We have obtained your explicit
                        consent.
2. We may publicly disclose your personal
                        information if mandated by law, legal procedures, litigation, or government authorities.
                        However, we guarantee that in case of the above circumstances, we will require the requesting
                        party to produce the relevant valid legal documents, and will take security protection measures
                        for any information disclosed in accordance with laws and industry standards to the extent
                        permitted by laws, regulations, and relevant national standards.
3. Other circumstances mandated by laws and
                        regulations.
V. Exceptions to obtaining consent when processing personal information
We may, in accordance with relevant laws,
                        regulations, and national standards, process your personal information pursuant to applicable
                        laws without obtaining your prior consent under the following circumstances:
1. where it is necessary for the conclusion
                        and performance of a contract to which you are a party.
2. where it is necessary for the
                        performance of statutory duties or obligations.
3. where it is necessary for coping with
                        public health emergencies or for the protection of your life, health, and property
                        safety.
4. where such acts as news reporting and
                        public opinions supervision are carried out for the public interest, and the processing of
                        personal information is within reasonable parameters.
5. any personal information publicized by
                        you or has been legally publicized will be processed within reasonable parameters in accordance
                        with the
Personal Information Protection Law
.
6. other circumstances specified by laws
                        and administrative regulations.
VI. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We have adopted security protection
                        measures that are in conformity with industry standards to protect the personal information you
                        provided to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of
                        data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We
                        are committed to strictly follow any applicable national regulations to ensure user information
                        security protection. To ensure your information security, we will utilize the necessary security
                        technology and supporting management system to prevent any leakage damage or loss of your
                        information.
1. We will establish internal departments
                        for personal information protection and accept public supervision.
2. We will establish information security
                        guarantee policies and take technical and other necessary measures to ensure your personal
                        information security as mandated by applicable laws, regulations and standards such as the
Civil Code, Personal Information Protection Law, Cybersecurity Law, and Cryptography
                                Law
.
3. We will transfer and store any
                        identifiable personal identity information and personal sensitive information in an encrypted
                        manner to ensure data confidentiality.
4. We will adopt authorized access control
                        technical security measures and multi-factor authentication techniques to protect your personal
                        information and avoid illegal use of data.
5. We will be subject to assessment and
                        inspections regarding information security by relevant national agencies on a regular basis. We
                        will only allow access to personal information by employees and third parties on a need-to-know
                        basis and at the same time, require all personnel who may have access to your personal
                        information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If they fail to fulfill these
                        obligations, either they may be prosecuted by law or their cooperation with us may be
                        terminated.
6. We will adopt the principle of minimum
                        and necessary authorization for any personnel who may have access to your personal information,
                        and check the access personnel lists and access records on a regular basis.
7. Our server systems to store users’
                        personal information are security reinforced operating systems. We will conduct security audits
                        and operation monitoring on these servers. If there are any external announcements regarding
                        security problems of the server operating systems, we will complete security upgrades on any
                        affected server as soon as feasible to ensure the safety of server systems and
                        applications.
8. We will administer training on personal
                        information protection laws and regulations on a regular basis to raise staff awareness
                        regarding user privacy protection, and systematically monitor staff actions related to handling
                        of your personal information.
9. In the unfortunate event that our
                        physical, technical or management preventive measures are damaged, we will invoke emergency
                        response protocol in a timely manner to prevent the security incident from worsening, submit it
                        to the national competent authorities as mandated by laws and regulations, and adopt reasonable
                        and effective measures such as push notifications, announcements to inform you of basic details
                        regarding the security incident, possible impacts, measures that have been taken or will be
                        taken, etc.
10. We  will use our best efforts to
                        guarantee the security of any information you send to us. However, please understand the systems
                        and communication networks that you use to access our services may have problems due to factors
                        beyond our control. When you use e-mails, SMS, etc. to carry out information exchange with other
                        users, you might not be certain whether the transmission of information by third-party software
                        is fully encrypted. Therefore, please pay attention to ensure the security of your personal
                        information. We suggest you not to send personal information via methods of such kinds to avoid
                        divulging your personal information. Please use sophisticated passwords to assist us to
                        guarantee the security of your e-CNY wallets and personal information.
VII. Your Right to Manage Your Personal Information
We take your personal information seriously
                        and will do our best to protect your legal rights, including viewing, correcting, deleting,
                        withdrawing and canceling your personal information. During your use of this product, you may
                        view and manage your personal information using the following methods:
i. View and correct your personal information
You may view and modify the mobile phone
                        number used to register the App account by going to “Me→More Settings→Account and Security→Login
                        Username”; view, save and modify your profile photo by going to “Me→profile photo on the
                        upper-left corner”; modify App account password by going to “Me→More Settings→Account and
                        Security→Login Password”; view and modify the default receiving wallet of your choice by going
                        to “Me→Payment Settings→Send and Receive Money Settings→Set Default receiving wallet”.
ii. Delete your personal information
Under the following circumstances, you have
                        the right to request us to delete your personal information, except in cases where data has been
                        anonymized, retention period stipulated by applicable laws and administrative regulations has
                        not expired, or it is technically infeasible to delete such personal information:
1. the purpose for processing your personal
                        information has been realized, cannot be realized, or is deemed no longer necessary.
2. we have ceased the provision of products
                        or services to you, or the retention period for your personal information has expired.
3. you have withdrawn your consent to our
                        handling of your personal information.
4. we have violated applicable laws,
                        administrative regulations or agreements while handling your personal information.
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws
                        and administrative regulations.
You may contact us to request deletion of
                        your personal information via contact information provided in Section XII of this Policy, and we
                        will complete checking and resolving processes within 15 working days.
iii. Close your App account
You may close your App account at any time
                        by going to “Me→More Settings→Account and Security→Close Account”. Please note that if you
                        choose to close your account, in order to guarantee the security of your personal property, you
                        must cancel the e-CNY wallets opened or added with this Product first, otherwise you will not be
                        able to complete with the closure process.
Once the closure is complete, you will not
                        be able to use the account, and we will cease to provide this Product for you. Except for cases
                        prohibited by laws or regulations or it is technically infeasible to delete your personal
                        information, all information related to the account will be deleted or anonymized within 15
                        working days.
iv. Withdrawal of your consent or authorization
You may withdraw your consent to the
                        collection and use of your personal information by turning off respective functions on your
                        device. With respect to this Product, you may stop us from using your location, face ID, camera,
                        album or other permissions in system settings on your device. The display and disabling of
                        permissions may not be the same in different device systems, please refer to device or system
                        developer specifications or instructions for more details.
Please understand that the realization of every business function requires some basic
                                personal information (see Section I of this Policy). Upon your withdrawal of consent or
                                authorization, we will not be able to provide you with the respective services, and will
                                no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to the
                                withdrawal of consent will not affect any previous processing of your personal
                                information carried out based on your previous authorizations.
v. Personal information rights of deceased users
After the death of a user (natural persons
                        only) of this Product, except in cases the decreased user has made other arrangements, their
                        close relatives may exercise relevant rights such as the right to view, copy, correct and delete
                        personal information related to his/her App account for their own legal and legitimate interests
                        by using contact information listed in Section XII  of this policy.
You understand and confirm that in order to
                        fully protect the personal information rights and interests of the deceased user, the close
                        relatives of a deceased user applying to exercise the rights outlined in this article shall
                        submit any relevant documents and specify the types and purposes of the rights they wish to
                        exercise according to our designated process or customer services instructions.
vi. Responding to your request
In order to guarantee security, we may require you to be subject to identity
                                verifications first before handling your requests. You may need to provide a written
                                request or prove your identity by other means. Regarding all requests made under this
                                section, in principle, we will resolve your request within 15 working days upon
                                receiving your requests and verifying your identity.
We may reject repeated requests without
                        legitimate reasons, request that require excessive technical means (for example, requiring the
                        development of new systems or fundamental modifications to existing practices), carrying risks
                        to legitimate interests and rights of others, or requests that are very impractical.
Under the following circumstances, we will
                        not be able to respond to your requests mentioned above as mandated by laws and
                        regulations:
1. situations related to our fulfillment of
                        obligations stipulated by laws and regulations.
2. directly related to national security
                        and national defense security.
3. directly related to public security,
                        public health, and major public interests.
4. directly related to the criminal
                        investigation, prosecution, trial, execution of judgments, etc.
5. we have sufficient evidence to indicate
                        your subjective malice or abuse of rights (for example, your request will jeopardize public
                        security and the legitimate interests and rights of others, or your request is beyond the
                        coverage of general technical means and commercial costs).
6. for the purpose of protecting your or
                        others’ life, property or other major legal rights and interests but when it is difficult to
                        obtain your consent.
7. responding to your request will cause
                        serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and
                        organizations.
8. involving trade secrets
9. other circumstances stipulated by laws
                        and regulations.
VIII. Personal Information Protection of Minors
If you are a minor under 14, you shall use
                        this Product (or services) accompanied by your guardian. You or your guardian may refer to the
Children’s Personal Information Protection Policy
. Before a minor registers this Product, it
                        shall be confirmed that he/she has obtained his/her guardian’s consent to this Policy and the
                        Children’s Personal Information Protection Policy, and complete registration under the guidance
                        of his/her guardian. If you are the guardian of a minor, you may contact us using the contact
                        information stated in Section X of this Policy if you have any questions regarding personal
                        information of the minor under your guardianship.
IX. Instructions on Obtaining Permissions
The e-CNY wallet services will be provided
                        to you by the authorized operators through this Product, and they will ask for your permissions
                        related to the provision of e-CNY wallet services in this Product. Please refer to the following
                        table for the respective permissions and function/business use cases (Purpose of
                        request):
Function/Business Use Cases
Use Case Description
Access Permissions
1. App account registration
2. Q-wallet
3. Security protection
To determine
                                                whether you are in the pilot region and qualified to register. For
                                                merchants not located in your region, their display priority on the
                                                Q-wallet page will be lowered. Location information will be used for
                                                account, transaction and other security protections, and risk
                                                prevention.
Access to your
                                                location
1. Scan to Pay
2. Submit images in help and feedbacks
3. Remove wallets
Scan to Pay
                                                requires access to photos stored on your device to scan photos in your
                                                albums; help and feedbacks requires access to photos stored on your
                                                device to upload any local images; after you remove wallets, you can
                                                choose to save your wallet information as a photo in your device
                                                albums.
Access to photo
                                                albums (iOS system), access to read and write to store (Android
                                                system)
1. Scan to pay
2. Scan bank cards when binding
3. Scan ID documents for entering identity information.
4. Facial
                                                verification for verifying your identity or if an operation is done by
                                                you.
Scan to pay needs
                                                to use your camera function; camera function is required for scanning
                                                bank cards during the binding process; camera function is required to
                                                scan your ID documents when processing identity information for identity
                                                verified wallets related operations; camera function is required to
                                                verify your identity or if an operation is done by you.
Camera
                                                access
1. Transfers using mobile number
2. Send Cash Red Packet
Access to your
                                                contact list is required to select mobile numbers saved on your phone
                                                when making transfers or sending Cash Red Packets; system contact list
                                                will only be displayed to user, selected mobile number will be auto
                                                filled and your contact list will not be uploaded.
Access to contacts
                                                list
Ensure account and
                                                transaction safety, complete security risk control
To safeguard
                                                against risks such as account theft, we will use your mobile network to
                                                approximate your location.
Mobile network
                                                information (Android system)
Ensure account,
                                                transaction safety, complete security risk control
To enhance the
                                                security of your App account, we will collect unique identifier of your
                                                mobile device.
Phone status
                                                (Android system)
Transaction alerts
                                                and important information notifications
To send the
                                                transaction alerts and important information notification to your mobile
                                                device.
Notification
                                                permissions
1. Account login
2. Wallet payment
3. Secure unlock
When unlock with
                                                face ID or fingerprint ID, we will use the face ID or fingerprint ID
                                                that is stored on your device. We will only check the verify outcome,
                                                and will not collect your face ID or fingerprint ID.
Face ID (iOS
                                                system), fingerprint ID (iOS system)
X. Scope of Application of This Policy
This Policy only applies to this Product,
                        and it does not apply to the following situations:
1. Information collected by third-party
                        products (or services) when this Product (or service) is embedded into the third-party products
                        (or services).
2. Information collected by third-party
                        services embedded in this product (or service), other companies, organizations, or individuals.
XI. Modifications and Amendments to This Policy
Modifications may be made to this Policy.
                        Without your express consent, we will not limit your rights specified under this Policy.
Regarding major changes to this Policy, we will also provide pronounced notice (for
                                example, you will be informed by pop-up windows when the software is revised or
                                upgraded, or when you log in again). If you do not agree with the updated Policy, you
                                are entitled to opt out of the relevant services.
Major changes referred to in this Policy
                        include but are not limited to:
1. major changes to our service model, such
                        as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed,
                        and the ways in which personal information are used, etc.
2. major changes to our control rights,
                        etc., such as the change of ownership induced by merges and acquisitions, etc.
3. disclosure or transfer of personal
                        information, or changes to the subjects we share.
4. major changes to your rights of
                        participating in personal information processing or the method with which you exercise such
                        right.
5. changes to the department responsible
                        for handling personal information security, contact information or complaint channels.
6. when the personal information security
                        impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks.
If the terms and conditions separately agreed between you and us on personal information
                                processing are inconsistent with this Policy, the separate agreement between you and us
                                shall prevail.
You may view this Policy in the App through
                        “Me → More Settings → Privacy →
Personal Information Protection Policy
”, or go to Mini Programs &H5 login
                        page as well as red packet claiming result page. We encourage you to check the personal
                        information protection policy each time you use this Product.
XII. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments,
                        suggestions or complaints about this Policy and the processing of personal information, please
                        contact us using one of the following methods:
Customer service hotline: 956196
                         Hours of operation: 8:00 – 22:00
Under normal circumstances, we will resolve
                        your requests within 15 working days. To ensure efficient handling of your questions and provide
                        feedbacks in a timely manner, we may require you to submit proof of identity, valid contact
                        information, written requests and relevant evidences in certain cases, and we will handle your
                        request after verifying your identity.
The
E-CNY
Mini-Program Privacy Protection Guidelines displayed on WeChat, QQ and other platforms
                                are automatically generated by the relevant platforms. In case of discrepancy, this
                                Personal Information Protection Policy shall prevail.
XIII. Appendix
The special terms and key words covered in
                        this policy are as follow:
1. Personal Information: all kinds of
                        information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded by electronic or
                        other means, excluding information after anonymization.
2. Sensitive Personal Information: any
                        personal information that, once leaked or abused, could seriously endanger personal and property
                        safety, including biometrics, religious beliefs, medical health, financial accounts, individual
                        location tracking, as well as information of minors under the age of 14 and other
                        information.
3.Personal Identity Information: name, type
                        and number of your valid identity document or other information related to personal
                        identity.
4. De-identification: the process by which
                        personal information is processed so that it cannot be used to identify a specific natural
                        person without the aid of additional information.
5. Anonymization: The process by which
                        personal information is processed in such a way that it cannot be identified with a specific
                        natural person and cannot be recovered.
6. SDK: Software Development Kit, an
                        embedded technical tool that provides an interface or collects information in support of a
                        specific function.