DAYOL / TODAC Privacy
Privacy Statement
1. Purpose of processing personal information
Dayol Labs (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) processes personal information for the purpose of improving the usability of identification authentication according to the provision of services to customers, and does not use it for purposes other than the purpose of using the service.
2. Processing and retention period of personal information
The company processes and retains personal information within the period of retention and use of personal information agreed upon when collecting personal information from the information subject or the period of retention and use of personal information according to laws and regulations.
Specific personal information processing and retention periods are as follows.
Customer registration and management: Until the service use contract or membership registration is terminated
Contract/subscription withdrawal, payment, goods supply records in e-commerce: 3 years
3. Rights and obligations of information subjects and legal representatives and methods of exercising them;
Users can exercise the following rights as a subject of personal information.
The information subject can exercise the following personal information protection rights against the company at any time.
① Request to read personal information
② Request for correction if there is an error, etc.
③ Request for deletion
④ Request to stop processing
4. Create items of personal information to be processed
The company handles the following personal information items.
<Service usage record>
Required items: Some content usage records (stickers), access log, Payment Log
5. Destruction of personal information
In principle, when the purpose of processing personal information is achieved, the personal information is destroyed without delay. The procedures, deadlines and methods of destruction are as follows.
Destruction procedure: After the purpose is achieved, the information entered by the user is transferred to a separate DB (a separate document in the case of paper) and is destroyed immediately or after being stored for a certain period according to the internal policy and other relevant laws. At this time, the personal information transferred to the DB will not be used for any other purpose except in the case of law.
Destruction deadline: When the retention period of personal information of users has elapsed, within 5 days from the end of the retention period, the personal information will be deleted unnecessarily, such as achievement of the purpose of processing personal information, abolition of the service, and termination When the personal information is deemed unnecessary, the personal information will be destroyed within 5 days from the date it is deemed unnecessary.
.
6. Write a personal information protection officer
The company is responsible for overall handling of personal information, and has designated a person in charge of personal information protection as follows to handle complaints and damage relief from information subjects related to personal information processing.
<Personal Information Protection Officer>
Name: Ko You-Jeong
Contact: dayolstduio@gmail.com
The information subject may inquire about all personal information protection related inquiries, complaint handling, damage relief, etc. that occurred while using the company's services (or business) to the person in charge of personal information protection and the department in charge. The company will respond and handle the inquiries of the information subject without delay.
7. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The personal information processing policy is effective from the effective date, and if there are additions, deletions or corrections of changes according to laws and policies, we will notify you through a notice 3 days before the implementation of the changes.
8. Measures to ensure the safety of personal information
In accordance with Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act, the company is taking the following technical/administrative and physical measures necessary to secure safety.
Technical measures against hacking, etc.
In order to prevent leakage and damage of personal information caused by hacking or computer viruses, the company installs security programs, periodically updates and checks, installs systems in areas where access is controlled from outside, and technically and physically monitors and blocks them.
Encryption of personal information
The user's personal information is stored and managed with an encrypted password, so only the user can know it. For important data, a separate security function is used, such as encrypting files and transmission data or using a file lock function.
Storage of access records and prevention of forgery
The records of access to the personal information processing system are kept and managed for at least 6 months, and security functions are used to prevent forgery, theft, or loss of access records.
Restricting access to personal information
We take necessary measures to control access to personal information by granting, changing, and canceling access rights to the database system that processes personal information, and use an intrusion prevention system to control unauthorized access from outside.