Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 1, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how
Ratel Bilişim Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi
(referred to as “Ratel,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and manages your information when you use this application or any products, services, sites, features, or functionality associated therewith (collectively, the “Application”).
By using this application, or any products, services, sites, features, or functionality associated therewith (collectively, the “Application”), you agree to be bound by this Ratel Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) in addition to such other our privacy policies or terms of use made available to you in connection with the Application or any web-based version of the Application. Certain features of the Application may require you to be a registered member or provide personal information.
We use cookies on the Subcap mobile application (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Cookies
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
Also, the Service can log your videos’ sound and share it with 3rd party services to improve the service quality and train the speech-to-text AI.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How we use cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
Essential cookies
: We may use cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user’s language preference on the Service.
Analytics cookies
: We may use analytics cookies to track information on how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features, or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
Advertising cookies
: These cookies are used to deliver advertisements on and through the Service and track the performance of these advertisements. These cookies may also be used to enable third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities or interests.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies?
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Data Collection and Use
We may collect and store some or all of the following information you make available to us:
Information you provide when you contact us for help
Device registration data (e.g., the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device or advertising ID, IP address, operating system, and browser type)
Device settings (e.g., language preference)
Mobile carrier
Information about how you use the Application (e.g., how many times you use the Application each day)
Requested and referring URLs
Usage data related to in-app purchases to comply with refund requests
We and our service providers may use this information to operate and improve the Application, our other sites, applications, products, and services, or to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, notices, and marketing promotions. The Application may allow third parties to collect any of the information described above in order to provide parts of our services as well as to provide analytical data about your use of the Application back to us.
Refund-Related Data Collection
We may collect and share data about your usage of in-app purchases with Apple to process refund requests. This data may include:
Time since app installation
Total app usage time
An anonymous account identifier
Whether the in-app purchase was fully consumed
Whether it included a trial period
The total amount spent and refunded
This information is shared with Apple to comply with their refund policies and ensure fairness in the refund process. By using our Service, you agree to this data collection and sharing.
Third-party and social services
The Application may utilize social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over and assumes no responsibility for, any share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party site. You are subject to the policies of those third parties when and where applicable. By using the Application, you expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any share functionality or third-party site accessed from the Application. We also may allow you to use Facebook Login to leverage your existing Facebook account to access features of the Application. Please review your privacy settings on your Facebook account, as those settings determine what information may be made available to us when you access the Application.
Children
: We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, they should contact us using the information in the
Updates and Contact
section below.
Sharing Information
We may share the information you provide or that we collect:
With advertisers, third-party advertising networks, and analytics companies as described above
With Apple to process refund requests as described above
To improve your experience with our Applications, products, and services
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or other security issues, or respond to a government request, a subpoena, or similar legal process
With our service providers who work on our behalf, and do not have any independent right to use the information we disclose to them
Managing Your Information
We retain information for as long as required, allowed, or believe it useful, but do not undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of information at our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own separate backup records. Please note that some or all of the data you provided may be required in order for the Application to function properly or may be retained in backup storage. If you reside outside the Turkey, your information will be transferred to the Turkey and processed and stored there under Turkey privacy standards. By using the Application, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the Turkey. We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we take reasonable measures to limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Updates and Contact
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the new version in or via the Application. Please consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. For questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
hello@ratel.com.tr
We will do our best to respond to you in a timely and professional manner to answer your questions and resolve your concerns.