Privacy Policy
Android App Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy informs you use our services (including websites and mobile applications), we may collect and use your related information on our services. If the related information was not provided, otherwise you may not register as our user to use some of our services or we may not able to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences from our services. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
– Your prior permission;
– By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
– By requests from public and governmental authorities;
– To protect our legal rights and interests.
Use of Non-Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine NonPersonal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name.
Information Security
We will not collect Personal Information, in the meanwhile we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.
Photos/Media  :
We may access files on the device such as images and videos.We do not upload this information off your device and SD card.
Contacts  :
We may access your contact information for purposes including displaying list.We do not upload this information off your device and SD card.
Storage  :
We may collect and store information (including your images and videos) locally on your device using mechanisms such as application data caches.
Camera  :
We may access to your camera permission for enabling only photo shoot. We do not utilize your camera for any other purpose.
Calls  :
We do not collect any contact information in your device and we only read the contact number in your device to specify the number not in your contact.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.