Study tools
AI Homework Helper
Math Solver
Math AI
AI Tutor
Ask AI Questions
AI Answer Generator
Code Generator
Subjects
Math
Business
Language
Arts & Humanities
Science
Social Science
What's your next question?
Ctrl+/
Get started
What's your next question?
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2023-12-04 14:57
Thank you for using StudyX ("we", "us", "our"). We understand the importance of personal information to you and appreciate your trust in us. To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, we will take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information and keep your personal information safe and secure. This StudyX Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, store, use and secure your personal information and your rights. This Privacy Policy applies to all StudyX products and services, including StudyX official website (domain: studyx.ai), StudyX for Windows, StudyX for IOS, StudyX for mobile apps and StudyX extension for web browsers. Please carefully read and review this Privacy Policy before you can use StudyX.
By using StudyX, you fully understand, acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not use StudyX. In order to collect your information under this Privacy Policy, or provide and optimize our services, and protect your account security, we will seek your express consent to access certain information or features, such as Search a Question, Sceenshot a Question, Expert help and Chat with AI. Access to your camera and photo album are disabled by default, and will only be enabled upon your express consent. Our acquisition of your consent to access such information or feature shall not be considered that we will definitely collect your relevant information. We will only collect your relevant information when necessary and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. You can access, modify, or delete your personal information by following the procedures stated herein, or delete your account.
1.Information We Collect
Account Information: To sign up a StudyX account, you will need to provide your education level and, depending on the way you sign up, your email address or your third-party account ID.
Optionally
, you may provide an email address (if you sign up using a third-party account ID) , connect your StudyX account to a third-party account ID or provide a profile picture as you need. Payment Information: When you make in-app payments, such as purchasing Credits or subscribing StudyX Plus plans, we will collect your payment method(s) that is necessary to complete the transaction. Your Content: When you provide a profile picture, use Snap a Question, Screenshot a Question, Expert Help or Chat with AI features, the photos and screen-shots you upload will be stored on our servers as necessary for your use of these features. Such information will be stored in an encrypted way. You may delete it at any time. Unless authorized by yourself or required by laws and regulations, we will not provide such information to any third party or use it for any purposes other than implementing these features. Information you voluntarily provide when you provide us feedback, send us emails or otherwise contact us.
Information that is necessary for operating our services
, including: your IP address, device ID and types of device/operating system/ browser. Information automatically collected by Cookies about your usage of StudyX: You may turn off or reject Cookies from StudyX by modifying the settings of your browser.
2.How We Store Your Information
2.1 Where you information is stored
Your information we collect will be stored in the Alibaba Cloud located in the United States.
2.2 Period of Information Storage
Unless otherwise required by applicable laws, we will store your information only for a period that is necessary to provide you our services, for example: We will keep your email address or your third party account ID, depending on the way you sign up your account, during your use of StudyX to ensure your account verification and your normal use of StudyX services. If you delete your account, such information shall be deleted upon your account deletion. We will store the pictures and screen-shots you upload (Your Content) to ensure your normal StudyX services and features, until you delete such information.
3.How We Secure Your Information
3.1 We are taking standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, damage or loss of data. We are taking all reasonable and feasible measures to secure your information. We use encryption to ensure the confidentiality of our data and trusted data protection against malicious attacks. We deploy access control to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information, and we conduct security and privacy training courses to ensure our employees be aware of the importance of protecting personal information; 3.2 We classify your information according to importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your information be of the highest level of security. We warrant that employees and third-party service providers who have access to your information be bound to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and any failure to meet these obligations will result in disciplinary punishment or termination of cooperation. Similarly, we have dedicated access controls for cloud-based data storage. In summary, we regularly review information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access or use; 3.3 Should any unfortunate security incident of personal information, we will inform you, to the extent of applicable laws and regulations. of the underlying circumstances, its possible impact, the measures we have taken or will take, the recommendations you may take to prevent or mitigate risks and the remedies against you, etc. We will inform you by mail, letter, telephone, online notifications, etc. of the situation in relevant, and we will make a reasonable and effective announcement if it is difficult to inform you. We will also report the process on how we deal with the personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4.How We Use Your Information
We use your information for the following purposes: a.To operate our services and provide you with rich, interactive experiences; b.To diagnose system problems and optimize user experience; c.To respond to, handle, and to process queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you; d.To enable us to operate and provide the Services; e.To verify your identity, authenticate you as a user and provide you with access to StudyX; f.To provide you with user support; g.To help improve the security and reliability of our services.
5.How We Share, Transfer and Disclose Your Information
5.1 Sharing and transferring your information
We do not share or transfer your information with any company, organization or individual other than our subsidiaries, unless: a.upon your express consent or authorization in advance; b.upon mandatory administrative or judicial requirements by applicable laws or regulations; c.required by the relevant agreements signed between you and us (including electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) ; d.for dealing with your dispute or dispute with others upon your request; e.sharing with our Authorized Partners: To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, we may share some of your information with Authorized partners to provide better customer service and user experience.
We will only share or transfer your information to a third party for legitimate, specific, and explicit purposes, and only if the information is necessary for providing the services and we will seek your express consent or verify that the third party has obtained your express consent before sharing or transferring the information.
We will also carefully evaluate our partner's use of shared information and our partners’ security capabilities. For any third party we share or transfer your information with, we will sign up with them strict confidentiality agreements to ensure they process your information in accordance with our instructions and this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Publicly disclosing your information
We will only publicly disclose your personal information if: a.upon your request or your consent to disclose personal information you expressly specify; b.upon mandatory administrative or judicial requirements by applicable laws or regulations.
5.3 Exceptions of your consent
To the extent of applicable laws and regulations, we may share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information without obtaining your consent on conditions including, but not limited to: a.directly related to national security or national defense security; b.directly related to public security, public health or significant public interests; c.directly related to criminal investigations, prosecution, trial or execution of sentences; d.for the purpose of protecting your or others’ life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests and yet hardly to obtain your consent; e.the personal information collected has been previously disclosed publicly for yourself; f.collecting personal information from information that has been previously and legally disclosed publicly, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure,etc.
6.How we use Cookies and other fellow technologies
To make your access to StudyX products or services easier, we may use Cookies provided by your browsers or associated applications. Please understand that some of our services may only be implemented by using Cookies. The “Help” of most browsers will let you know how to prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies and how to let your browser notify you of receiving a new Cookie, and how to turn off Cookies completely. You may also turn off or delete Flash Cookies and similar data used by changing the settings of your browser or by visiting the provider's web page. You may modify your acceptance of cookies or reject cookies from StudyX. If you do so, you may not be able to use some of StudyX features that depend on Cookies.
7.Protection of Minors
If you are below the legal age in your jurisdiction, you must not use StudyX without your parental/guardian agreeing to this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on your behalf) first. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the legal age in their jurisdiction without such consent. Please contact us if you are a parental/guardian and have any questions about personal information of the minors in your custody.
8.Your Rights
8.1 Access, modify and delete your information
8.1.1 Access or modify your account information: 1.After entering StudyX, tap “me” or tap the default profile picture; 2.Tap “settings”; 3.Access or modify your account information. 8.1.2 Access or delete the content you upload using Search a Question
, Snap a Question or Expert Help: 1.After entering StudyX, go to “Library” on your Home screen; 2.Access or delete the content you upload. 8.1.3 Access or delete the content you upload using Chat with AI: 1.After entering StudyX, go to “Chat”; 2.Tap any chat tag you would like to access; 3.Access the content you upload, or; 4.Tap “...” in the upper right corner of the content you want to delete, tap “Delete” and “Confirm”.
8.2 Delete account
Delete StudyX account: 1.After entering StudyX, tap “me” or tap the default profile picture; 2.Tap “settings”; 3.Tap “Delete Account”. Note: After your account is deleted, we will retain your information in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations for a retention period required by the laws. Upon the expiration of the retention period, we will remove your information permanently.
9.Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy over time at our sole discretion. We will send you notice prior to any changes to this Privacy Policy, by means of announcements on our websites and/or message notifications, etc. You acknowledge and agree that your continued use of StudyX after the revised Privacy Policy takes effect will be deemed to agreeing to and accepting the revised Privacy Policy.
10.Contact Us
If you have any complaints, suggestions, or questions about this Privacy Policy or if you want to send us feedback, please contact us by
contact@studyx.ai
.