PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and the choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to KURO Game's games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service.
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
1. CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more quickly.
Name of the controller: KURO Game
Address: Room 1003, 10/F, Tower 1, Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong .
E-mail: support_english@kurogame.com
2. THE DATA WE COLLECT
1) Data you provide us
Contact information (such as name, gender,your birthday and/or age range, personal identification numberand/or passport ,telephone numbers, physical address and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets). When you set up your profile for the Game (including information you voluntarily elect to provide in order to customise gameplay, such as gender、screenshot of Game avatar)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
2) Data we collect automatically
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language, unique device identification code
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below) General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
In most cases, we also create a KURO Game ID for you when you use the Service.
3) Data we collect from our partners
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, Twitter or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)Payment transactions for any purchase within the application are typically done at the application store through your App Store or Google Play account.
						Any post-purchase processing is controlled by the Apple and Google stores and other payment service providers and is subject to specific service terms of such payment service providers. Please review the privacy policies 
						and service terms of the Apple and Google stores and other payment service providers chose by you.
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
4) Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we may collect and use some necessary personal information without your authorization and consent under the following conditions:
If it is directly related to national security and national defense security;
If it is directly related to public security, public health and major public interests;
If it is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgment;
If this information aims to safeguard your or others' personal life, property, and other important legitimate rights and interests, but it is very difficult to obtain your consent;
If the personal information involved is open to the public on your own;
If this information is necessary to sign and fulfil a contract according to your requirements;
If your personal information is collected from lawfully and publicly disclosed information such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
If this information is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of Products and Services of Kuro Game such as detecting and handling product or service faults.
Other conditions prescribed by laws and regulations.
3. WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
1) To make the Service work
2) To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
3) To make the Service more suitable for our players
4) To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you KURO Game offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
5) To show personalized advertisements
6) To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options' below.
7) To keep the Service safe and fair
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see the KURO Game Terms of Service.In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
8) To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show your local events.
With your consent, we may process personal data for additional purposes.
4.WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
1)	Our personnel, related or affiliated companies
We may provide your personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our personnel, our related or affiliated companies for our legitimate business purposes. 
					We may also provide your personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information or otherwise assist us in performing 
					any services on our behalf including in any advertising and marketing activities. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy contained herein, and we will use 
					reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
2) Other players and users
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Any user who receives any information including personally identifiable information, from another user shall not disclose or use such information, save where expressly permitted by that user or save where such information has ceased to be of a confidential nature. In any event, we shall not be liable for any unauthorized disclosure or use by another user or other person of any content.
3)	Partners working for Kuro Game
KURO Game has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to KURO Game´s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
4) Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
5)Advertising and Social Media partners
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
5.INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy.
6.YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
1) Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
2) You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
3) Opt-out of targeted advertising.
4) You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For more information, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
5) Access the personal data we hold about you.
6) If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
7) Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device
settings.We
will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us via Email and describe the issue which you have met.
8)To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity and then process your request. We will reply within a reasonable time limit. If you are not satisfied, you can contact us. We may refuse requests that are repeated for no reason, need excessive technical means (for example, needing to develop new systems or fundamentally changing the existing practices), pose a risk to others’ legitimate rights and interests, or are highly impractical (for example, involving information that is stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request under the following conditions, as required by laws and regulations:
If it is directly related to national security and national defense security.
If it is directly related to public security, public health and major public interests.
If it is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgment.
If there is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malicious intent or abuse rights.
If responding to your request will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or any other person or organization.
If business secrets are involved.
Other cases where we have reasonable grounds to refuse.
7.COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
8. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
9. DATA RETENTION
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary
data.Note
that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
10. MERGER, ACQUISITION, SALE OR INSOLVENCY
In the event that we are acquired by or merged with another entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer the information or assign our rights to the information that we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
In the event of our insolvency, reorganization, receivership, winding-up or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
11. AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Effective Date:
April 30,2021