PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
KISMIA GROUP LIMITED
, a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus,
                        having its registered office at Pentadaktylou, 2B, Ypsonas, 4184, Limassol, Cyprus, will be the
                        controller of your personal data.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, email address, name, gender, date of
                        birth, marital status, country, city). We also may receive data about you from third parties
                        (for example, when you sign in via Facebook). We also collect data automatically (for example,
                        your IP address, device type, etc.).
SEE MORE
Data you give us
If you decide to make a purchase on the Website or when you register for and/or use the
                                Service, we will ask you to provide us information about yourself, for example, your
                                photo, email address, name, date of birth (age), gender, city, country, weight and
                                height. You can also submit optional information such as your phone number, photos,
                                education, languages, ethnicity, religion, areas of interest, and fields of activity.
                                This information will be public to the App users. We may also ask you to answer some
                                questions relating to lifestyle and relationships. You can provide us with your email
                                when you contact our support team.
We may conduct customer surveys and collect feedback on the satisfaction with the
                                Service from time to time. If you agree to participate, we can ask you to provide your
                                phone number and time zone in order to contact you and discuss issues you have with the
                                Service or receive your feedback. We may record the phone calls with our support team to
                                assess the quality of assistance, provided that we notify you prior to such a record and
                                obtain your consent (where the consent is legally required).
This article below apply only to Texas and Illinois residents
The Service utilizes a combination of advanced artificial intelligence capabilities and a team
                                of moderators to process the photographs and images you provide. When content contains faces, we
                                process certain information about them, such as information that estimates the location of parts
                                and areas of the faces (“Face Data”).
We use Face Data only to verify your profile, identity, or age, and to prevent, detect, and
                                combat fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities on our platform.
While Face Data may be considered biometric data in some jurisdictions and states outside of
                                Europe, the Service does not and is not capable of conducting the identification or
                                authentication of individuals depicted in the photos and images based on Face Data or otherwise.
Any photographs and images, along with Face Data used for these purposes, are retained by us for
                                a maximum duration of 1 (one) year following the resolution of the moderation / verification or
                                fraud detection process, irrespective of your account status. Upon reaching the specified
                                retention limit, Face Data is deleted from our servers.
Face Data is stored on our servers, hosted by Amazon Web Services. We may share your Face Data
                                with Castle Global, Inc., a moderation tool, for purposes such as fraud prevention and
                                verification, but only in compliance with applicable laws. In jurisdictions where consent is
                                required, we obtain your consent before sharing your Face Data with Castle Global, Inc. Where
                                sharing Face Data is prohibited by law, we do not share it. We do not sell your Face Data.
Data provided to us by third parties
When you decide to connect your profile in the App with your social media account (for
                                example, Meta (Facebook), Google, Instragram), we will get personal data from such
                                social media account. This includes your name, user ID, profile picture, username,
                                gender, age range, language, country, friend list, email address, and any other
                                information you have made public. on you have made
                                public.
Meta lets you control the choices you made when connecting your Meta profile to the App
                                on their
Apps
                                    and Websites page
.
Google lets you remove access granted to the apps here:
Google Permissions
.
When you use sign in with Apple to access the Service, we get personal data from your
                                Apple ID account. This data may include, in particular, your name and verified email
                                address. You may choose to share your real email address or an anonymous one that uses
                                the private email relay service. Apple will show you their detailed privacy information
                                on the sign in with Apple screen. Find more about sign with Apple
here
.
When you decide to log in using Facebook, we may get some personal data from your
                                Facebook account. This includes your name, date of birth, profile image, gender, and
                                Facebook ID. What exact information about you we will get depends on your Facebook
                                settings.
For more information, please refer to the Facebook
Permissions
                                Reference
(describes the
                                categories of information, which Facebook may share with third parties and the set of
                                requirements) and to the Facebook
Data
                                policy.
In addition, Facebook lets you control
                                the choices you made when connecting your Facebook profile to the Website on their
Apps
                                and Websites page
.
Data we collect automatically
Data about how you found us
We collect data about your referring app or URL (that is, the app or place on
                                        the Web where you were when you tapped/clicked on our ad).
Device and Location data
We collect data from your device. Examples of such data include: language
                                        settings, IP address, location, time zone, type and model of a device, device
                                        settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware
                                        ID, and Facebook ID.
When you give the App permission to use your location, the App will be able to
                                        show your device’s location to other users of the App. Your location data is
                                        generally not sufficient to identify you personally.
Usage data
We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log what pages you
                                        have viewed, the features and content you interact with, how often you use the
                                        Service, how long you are on the Service, your purchases, your taps on certain
                                        areas of the interface, the features.
Advertising IDs
We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”), Identifier for Vendor
                                        (“IDFV”) or Google Advertising ID (“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of
                                        your device) when you access our App or Website from a mobile device. You can
                                        typically reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating
                                        system (but we do not control this).
Transaction data
When you make payments through the Service, you need to provide financial
                                        account data, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service
                                        providers. We do not collect or store full credit card number data, though we
                                        may receive credit card-related data, data about the transaction, including:
                                        date, time and amount of the transaction, the type of payment method used.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for
                                        record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent
                                        cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to
                                        make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on
                                        your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that
                                        set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for
                                        record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent
                                        cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to
                                        make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on
                                        your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that
                                        set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data:
To provide our Service
This includes enabling you to use the Service in a seamless manner and preventing or
                                addressing Service errors or technical issues. As a result of such processing, we will
                                use your email, for example, for sending you the information about your purchase.
SEE MORE
We use
Firebase Performance Monitoring
and
Firebase Crash Reporting
,
                                    which are monitoring
                                    services provided by Google. To learn more, please visit Google’s
Privacy policy
and
Privacy and Security in
                                        Firebase.
To customize your experience
We process your personal data, such as age, gender, location to adjust the content of the
                                Service and provide content tailored to your personal preferences. For example, we may
                                show you users from the relevant locations, of the same (or almost the same) age group
                                and users that correspond to your preferences. We may also use the information provided
                                by you during the quiz on relationship and lifestyle to make the most suitable offer to
                                you. As a result of such processing, you get access, for example, to educational courses
                                designed for your goals.
To manage your account and provide you with customer support
We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, Service
                                information or to any other communication you initiate. For this purpose, we may send
                                you, for example, notifications or emails about, the performance of our Service,
                                security, payment transactions, notices regarding our
Terms
                                    and Conditions of Use
or this Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
We communicate with you, for example, by push notifications or by emails. These may
                                include reminders or other information about the Service. As a result, you will, for
                                example, receive a push notification that a new feature has been deployed in the
                                Service. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you need to change the settings on
                                your device. To opt-out of receiving emails, you should click unsubscribe link in the
                                footer of each email.
SEE MORE
The services that we use for these purposes may collect data concerning the date and
                                    time when the message was viewed by our Service’s users, as well as when they
                                    interacted with it, such as by tapping/clicking on links included in the message.
We also use OneSignal Push Notification service, that is a notifications service
                                    provided by OneSignal. It allows us to send information to iOS and Android devices.
                                    Learn more about OneSignal’s approach to data in its Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you we also use
Firebase Cloud Messaging
and
Firebase
                                    Notifications
, which is message sending service provided by Google. Firebase
                                    Cloud Messaging allows us to send messages and notifications to users of our Service
                                    across platforms such as Android and iOS when you access our Service from a mobile
                                    device or across your internet browser when you access our Service from a laptop. We
                                    may integrate Firebase Notifications with Firebase Analytics to create
                                    analytics-based audiences and track opening and conversion events. As a result, we
                                    can, for example, send reminders only to users who used the Service more frequently.
                                    Google's
Privacy policy
.
We may use
Apple Push Notification
service (“APNs”), that is a
                                    notifications service
                                    provided by Apple. APNs allows to send information to iOS devices. Apple’s
Privacy policy
.
You can control your push notification settings both on
Android
and on
iOS
.
To research and analyze your use of the Service
This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain,
                                improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop the Service and our new products. We also
                                use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test and improve our offers. This
                                enables us to better understand what categories of users use our Services. As a
                                consequence, we often decide how to improve the Service based on the results obtained
                                from this processing. For example, if we discover that users choose certain features of
                                the Service, we may focus on improving the category or decide to remove it.
SEE MORE
To perform research and analysis about how users interact with our Service we use
Appsflyer
.
                                    Appsflyer enables us to understand, in particular, how users find us (for example,
                                    who was the advertiser that delivered an ad to users, which led you to our Website).
                                    Appsflyer also provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research
                                    and analyze your use of the Service.
Privacy Policy
.
                                    Appsflyer allows you to
Opt Out
of
                                    having
                                    data from my device sent to Appsflyer's servers for apps usage collection.
We use
Facebook Analytics
, which is a service provided by Facebook that
                                    allows us to use different analytical tools. On Facebook Analytics we get, in
                                    particular, aggregated demographics and insights on how many people visit our
                                    Service, how often users make purchases, and other interactions. Lean more about
                                    Facebook’s approach to data from its
Privacy
                                    Policy
To track and analyze behavior of our Service’s users (in particular, how they react
                                    to changes of the Service structure, text or any other component), we use
Firebase
                                    Remote Config. Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service
                                    provided by Google, which also enables us to tailor the content that our Service’s
                                    users see (for example, it allows us to show different onboarding screens to
                                    different users)
Privacy
                                        Policy
and
Privacy
                                    and Security in Firebase
.
We also use
Firebase Analytics
, which is an analytics service provided by
                                    Google. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's tand Google's
                                    use of data, consult Google's
partner policy
.
                                    Firebase
Privacy
                                    information
.
Google’s Privacy Policy
.
                                    We also use Clarity by Microsoft, a user behavior analytics tool, that helps us
                                    understand how you are interacting with our Service through session replays and
                                    heatmaps. For more information about how Microsoft collects and uses your data,
                                    visit the
Microsoft
                                    Privacy Statement
.
To send you marketing communications
We process your personal data for our marketing campaigns. As a result, you will receive
                                information about our products, such as, for example, special offers or new features and
                                products available on the Service. We may show you advertisements on our Service, and
                                send you emails for marketing purposes. If you do not want to receive marketing emails
                                from us, you can unsubscribe following instructions in the footer of the marketing
                                emails.
To personalize our ads
We and our partners use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to
                                you at the relevant time. For example, if you visited our Website or installed the App,
                                you might see ads of our products in your Facebook’s feed.
How to opt-out or influence personalized advertising
iOS:
On your iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Apple Advertising and
                                deselect Personalized Ads.
Android:
To opt-out of ads on an Android device, go to Settings > Privacy > Ads
                                and enable Opt out of Ads personalization. In addition, you can reset your advertising
                                identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).
                                To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please
                                look at the information available
here
.
macOS:
On your MacBook, you can disable personalized ads: go to System Preferences
                                > Security & Privacy > Privacy, select Apple Advertising, and deselect Personalized Ads.
Windows:
On your laptop running Windows 10, you shall select Start > Settings >
                                Privacy and then turn off the setting for Let apps use advertising ID to make ads more
                                interesting to you based on your app activity. If you have other Windows version, please
                                follow the steps
here
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please
                                look at the information available
here
.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt-out of some interest-based
                                advertising, by visiting the following links:
• Network Advertising Initiative –
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
• Digital Advertising Alliance –
http://optout.aboutads.info/
• Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) –
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
• Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) –
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
• DAA AppChoices page –
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
Browsers:
It is also may be possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies
                            altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings
                            in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. The following links may be helpful,
                            or you can use the “Help” option in your browser.
•
Cookie
                                settings in Internet Explorer
•
Cookie settings in Firefox
•
Cookie
                                settings in Chrome
•
Cookie settings in Safari
                                web
and
iOS
Google allows its users to
opt
                                out of Google’s personalized ads
and to
prevent their data from being used
                                by Google Analytics.
SEE MORE
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you
                                        know
                                        what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to
                                        control your ad preferences.
We use
Facebook pixel
on the Service. Facebook pixel is a code placed on
                                        the
                                        Service collecting data that helps us track conversions from Facebook ads, build
                                        targeted audience and remarket to people who have taken some action on the
                                        Service
                                        (for example, made a purchase). Together with Facebook pixel we also use
Facebook
                                        Conversions API
to further attribute and improve our Facebook marketing
                                        performance.
We use
Facebook Ads Manager
together with
Facebook Custom Audience
,
                                        which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other
                                        Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience
                                        we
                                        may create a list of users with certain sets of data, such as an IDFA, choose
                                        users
                                        that have completed certain actions in the Service (for example, visited certain
                                        sections of the Service). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a
                                        particular list of users. As a result, more of our ads may show up while you are
                                        using Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). You may
                                        learn
                                        how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Facebook Custom Audience
here
Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on
                                        Facebook.
                                        To find how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go
here
or
                                        adjust your ads settings on
Facebook.
Google Ads
is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver
                                        ads
                                        to users. In particular, Google allows us to tailor the ads in a way that they
                                        will
                                        appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain actions with our
                                        Service (for example, show our ads to users who have made a purchase). Some
                                        other
                                        examples of events that may be used for tailoring ads include, in particular,
                                        visiting our Website. Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s
                                            personalized
                                            ads
and
to prevent
                                            their
                                            data from being used by Google
                                            Analytics
.
We also use
Snapchat Advertising Platform
together with
Snapchat
                                        Audience
                                        Based
                                        Match
,
                                        , which is an ad delivery service provided by Snapchat that can link the
                                        activity of
                                        some users of our Service with the Snapchat advertising network and show some of
                                        our
                                        ads to them. As a result, you may see more of ads on Snapchat in case you use
                                        our
                                        Service. Snapchat allows you to
Opt
                                            Out
of their audience based ads.
Privacy Policy
.
TikTok Ads
is the service provided by TikTok that can deliver ads to its
                                        users.
                                        The ads
                                        can be tailored to specific categories of users (for instance, based on their
                                        geographical location). For more information, please refer to
TikTok’s
                                            Privacy
                                            Policy
.
Adroll
, which is a division of
NextRoll
, is a marketing platform
                                        that
                                        we
                                        use to show you
                                        ads that are most relevant to you, to analyze, measure and optimize ads
                                        performance.
                                        To
                                        learn more about Adroll’s data policies, visit its
Privacy Notice
. To opt out
                                        serving
                                        targeted advertising to you, click “Opt out”
here
.
Taboola Ads
is a service provided by Taboola Inc., which allows us to
                                        serve
                                        you
                                        personalized ads. For more information about Taboola’s privacy practices, see
                                        its
Privacy
                                            Policy
. If you do not want to receive interest-based ads from Taboola,
                                        you
                                        can
Opt-Out
.
To process your payments and refunds
We provide paid products and/or services within the
                                Service. For this purpose, we use third-party services for payment processing (for
                                example, payment processors). As a result of this processing, you will be able to make a
                                payment and we will be notified that the payment has been made. We will not store or
                                collect your payment card details ourselves. This information will be provided directly
                                to our third-party payment processors. To enable the purchase and to process your
                                payments we use mobile app stores (such as Apple App Store and Google Play), Solid and
                                other payment processing providers.
To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect,
                                prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information
                                with others, including law enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in
                                connection with our
Terms and Conditions of Use).
.
To improve our Website, App and support user safety within the Service
We use personal data, i.e. users’ photos, to power machine learning algorithms and
                                facilitate their self-improvement. This enables us to ensure the safe operation of the
                                Service by reviewing and automatically approving profile photos that adhere to our
                                guidelines.

                                The processing activities described above may lead to refusal of access to our Service.
                                In addition, we have a human-moderated appeal system in place which ensures your right
                                to have a human review of any automated decision related to safeguarding the platform.
To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a
                                law
                                enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means.
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (applies only to EEA-based
                        users)
In this section, we are letting you know what legal basis we use for each particular purpose of
                        processing. For more information on a particular purpose, please refer to
Section
                            3
.
                        This
                        Section applies only to EEA-based users.
We process your personal data under the following legal bases:
your consent;
Under this legal basis we will, for example, send you marketing communications. You
                                    have the right to withdraw your consent any time by using the unsubscribe link in
                                    the footer of our emails. We will also send you push notifications if you allow us
                                    to. You can disable notifications any time in the settings of your device.
to perform our contract with you;
Under this legal basis we:
• • Provide our Service (in accordance with our Terms and Conditions of Use)
• Customize your experience
• Provide you with customer support
• Communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
• Process your payments
or our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by
                                    your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of
                                    personal data;
We rely on legitimate interests:
• to communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
This includes, for example, sending you email or push notification to notify you
                                        that we have released a new product or reminding to finish a purchase. The
                                        legitimate interest we rely on for this purpose is our interest to encourage you
                                        to use our Service more often.
• to research and analyze your use of the Service
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our
                                        Service so that we understand users’ preferences and are able to provide you
                                        with a better experience (for example, to make the use of the Service easier and
                                        more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features).
• to send you marketing communications
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to
                                        promote our Service, including new products and special offers, in a measured
                                        and appropriate way.
• to personalize our ads
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to
                                        promote our Service in a reasonably targeted way.
• • to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
Our legitimate interests for this purpose are enforcing our legal rights,
                                        preventing and addressing fraud and unauthorised use of the Service,
                                        non-compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use.
• • to improve our Website, App and support user safety within the Service
Our legitimate interest for processing user photos in machine learning
                                        algorithms is to enhance the safety and security of our Service, prevent and
                                        respond to illegal, malicious, and unauthorized activity. This includes
                                        reviewing and automatically approving profile photos that adhere to our
                                        guidelines, ensuring a safer environment for all users.
to comply with legal obligations.
We process special categories of personal data, such as religion, ethnicity, sexual
                            orientation on the basis that you manifestly make this data public.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate,
                        customize, support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in
                        particular, for purposes and with parties indicated in
Section 3
of
                        this Privacy Policy. The types of third parties we share information with include, in
                        particular:
Service providers
We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform
                                business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We may share your personal
                                information with the following types of service providers:
• cloud storage providers (Servers.com)
• data analytics providers (Facebook, Firebase, Appsflyer, Google)
• measurement partners
• communication service providers (Intercom, Firebase, Zendesk)
• marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing agencies, email
                                delivery services; Facebook, Google, Snapchat, TikTok, Taboola)
• email delivery and notification services (OneSignal, Apple)
• refund and purchase dispute processing at Apple App Store (Apple)
• payment service providers (PayPal, Solid)
Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our
Terms
                                and Conditions of Use,
, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or
                                that of our affiliates, you or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law
                                enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities,
                                or in other cases provided for by law.
Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers’
                                information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of
                                transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent
                                company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate
                                transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or
                                asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data.
You may request a copy
                        of, as
                        well as updating and correcting your personal data collected during your use of the Service at
support@kismia.com
. You can also request
                        information about you by clicking on “Request My
                        Data” in the App settings.
Deleting your personal data.
You can request erasure of your personal data by sending us
                        an email
                        at
support@kismia.com
or by clicking on
                        “Delete My Data” in the App settings.
WWhen you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your
                        request. In some cases, we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time;
                        in such event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data.
You can ask us to stop using
                        all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by sending a request at
support@kismia.com
.
Additional information for EEA-based users:
If you are based in the EEA, you have the following rights in addition to the above:
The right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority.
We would love you to contact
                        us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a
                        complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member
                        State where you reside, work or where the alleged infringement has taken place.
The right to data portability.
If you wish to receive your personal data in a
                        machine-readable format, you can send respective request to us as described below.To exercise
                        any of your privacy rights, please send a request to
support@kismia.com
.
AGE LIMITATION
We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 18 years of age. If you learn that
                        anyone younger than 18 has provided us with personal data, please contact us at
support@kismia.com
.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was
                        originally collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the
Terms and Conditions of Use
and for purposes indicated in
                        this
                        Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the same data protection laws as the country in
                        which you initially provided the information, we deploy special safeguards.
In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to countries with not
                        adequate level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases: (i) Standard
                        Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (details available
here
),
                        or (ii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available
here
).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to
                        this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by available means such as email and will have an
                        opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service
                        after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete
                        and opt-out, and requires us to disclose what personal information we have collected, used, and
                        shared over the last 12 months.
Section 2 describes the personal information we have collected about you, including the sources
                        of that information. We collect this information for the purposes described in
Section 3
. We
                        share this information as described in
Section 5
.
Under CCPA you as a California resident have the following rights:
Right to Know.
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the personal
                            information we collect, use, or disclose.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal
                            information that
                            we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out.
CCPA requires that we maintain a separate webpage that allows you
                            to opt
                            out of the sale of your personal information, which can be accessed by clicking the
link
Right to Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any
                            of
                            these rights. We will not deny you our services, charge you different prices, or provide you
                            a lower quality of services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make
                        requests
                        on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an
                        agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf,
                        and
                        we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
To exercise any of your privacy rights, please send a request to
support@kismia.com
.
California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies once a
                        year
                        what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties' direct
                        marketing
                        purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be personal information under the statute.
To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to
support@kismia.com
,
                        which includes “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and your state
                        of residence and email address in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we
                        will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response.
FOR VIRGINIA RESIDENTS
This section supplements our Privacy Policy and only applies if you reside in the Commonwealth
                        of Virginia. Where applicable, it describes how we use and process your personal data and
                        explains your particular rights under Virginia Consumer Data Privacy Act (VCDPA).
A. Disclosures about the use of your personal data
We may collect and use certain information about you, some of which may be personal data (such
                        as name, email address, gender, IP address or other information which may be reasonably linked
                        to you), in order to operate the Service and to maximize your experience.

                        If you would like more information about the categories of your personal data we collect or the
                        purposes for which we collect them, please read
Section 2
and
Section 3
. To learn more about
                        sharing of your personal data with our business partners and other third parties, please read
Section 5
.
B. Data Rights
Section 6
of our Privacy Policy describes the data rights we offer to
                        all users and how to
                        execute these rights. This includes the right to access, review, correct, update your data,
                        obtain a portable copy of your data, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your
                        use of the Service. Before completing your request, we may require some information sufficient
                        to authenticate your identity.
Additionally, VCDPA provides Virginia residents with these data rights:
Opt out of the Processing of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising. In order
                                    to
                                    exercise your choice as a Virginia resident, please click on “Do Not Sell My
                                    Data”.
While we
                                may use different wording, this link will opt you out of targeted advertising.
Please note that we do not process personal data for purposes of (1) the sale of
                                personal
                                data, as defined by the VCDPA, or (2) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce
                                legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.
Confirm whether your Personal Data is being Processed.
You may confirm whether your
                            personal
                            data is being processed by emailing us at
support@kismia.com
.
Appeal a Case with regard to your request.
In the case where we declined to take
                            action on
                            your data rights request or have rejected your request, you may contact us at
support@kismia.com
to initiate an appeal of this
                            decision. Please use the subject line “Appeal of
                            Refusal to Take Action on Privacy Request” and provide the relevant information in the
                            email. Once we receive your appeal, we will notify you in writing within 60 days of any
                            action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the
                            reasons for the decisions.
If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Office of the Virginia Attorney General via the
                        contact details available at
http://www.virginia.gov/agencies/office-of-the-attorney-general/#vagov
.
DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the
                        purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing you with the access to the
                        Service). We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal
                        obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Please see Section 2.1. (Data you
                        give us) above, to learn about our retention policy with respect to Face Data.
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
Various browsers (including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari) offer a DNT option that
                        relies on a technology known as a DNT header that sends a signal to websites visited by the
                        browser user about the user's DNT preference. You can usually access your browser's DNT option
                        in your browser's preferences.
We currently do not support “Do Not Track” requests because no DNT standard has been adopted.
Our third-party services may collect information about you and your online activities over time
                        and across our Services and other online properties. These third parties may not change their
                        tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these
                        parties to honor DNT settings. To determine whether any of the third-party services honor the
                        “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
CONTACT US
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous
                        versions. For any questions concerning your account or your personal data please contact us at
support@kismia.com
.
Effective as of: November 25, 2024