QLookup
PRIVACY Policy at QLookup
Your privacy is important. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. This Privacy Policy to help you understand the types of information that you provide to App, what we do with that information and how we protect that information when you use App' products and services.
Privacy principles
We are focusing the flowing privacy principles to earn your trust.
Put you in control of your privacy with easy-to-use tools and clear choices.
Be transparent about data collection and use so you can make informed decisions.
Respect your local privacy laws and fight for legal protection of your privacy as a fundamental human right.
Do not use your email or other personal content to target ads to you.
When we do collect data, we will use it to benefit you and to make your experiences better.
Types of Data Collected
Contact Forms
We may request App users to fill in feedback, newsletter registration and other forms with their Data, such as email address and name. the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form's header. Completion of which is completely optional and at user discretion.
App Statistics
App may collect technical data and related information, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to this App.
We guarantee that this data is in a form that does not personally identify you.
Enforcement
We regularly review our own compliance with our Privacy Policy. If you submit a formal written complaint, we will contact you and try our best to resolve the issue.
Changes to this privacy policy
Our Privacy Policy may change occasionally. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without providing explicit, advanced notice. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, in the event of significant changes, we will provide a more prominent notice (such as an email notification). We will also archive prior versions of this Privacy Policy for your review.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us .
Copyright@QLookup, Last Updated: 17 June, 2021