PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
Yobimi ("us", "we", or "our") operates our Games. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of our Games.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving our Games. By using our Games, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we can collect and process some of your data:
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Billing information
We do not ask you for any credit card information.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We collect your data because:
You have given us permission to do so.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.
To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
All your sensitive information will be transfer via HTTPS protocol.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Copyright ©
Yobimi Group