Send instant Notifications to your IOS devices
Home
Push Test
Support
Download
Privacy Policy
Scope of application
This policy applies to the information involved when you use the product service in "Push Notify" (hereinafter referred to as this product), including but not limited to the personal information provided at the time of activation and the content record of the service used. 
The scope of this policy is only for this product.
Types of information collected and how to use them
Information you actively provide: such as the personal information you filled in when you activated it, and the content you pushed...
Push record: The server of this product will automatically record the information sent by the browser when you use the product. These server logs may include your web page request, the IP address of the connected device, browser type, browser version, APP version, mobile phone operating system version, usage time, etc.
Cookies: When you visit the web version of this product, we will set and access one or more cookies on your computer or other device to identify your browser and store user preferences.
After collecting user information, this product is mainly used to improve the product service and provide web content that meets the needs of users. The purpose also includes: auditing, analyzing, maintaining and protecting this product service, and developing new services.
Information sharing and disclosure
Information sharing and disclosure
The information you publish in this product is non-public information; unless you agree in advance, this product will never arbitrarily provide or disclose any of your information to other groups or individuals, but the following conditions are not within the limits of this article:
1. Comply with all applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures or legally effective government requirements.
2. The reasons for this product's service terms are recorded.
3. Detect, prevent or otherwise resolve fraud, security or technical issues.
4 .The user provides a push username or push code to others.
We may share some aggregated non-personal information with third parties, such as: the type of push message ratio, push time and quantity distribution, etc.
Modify personal information and other data
Users can use this product APP at any time to modify personal information including the push username and push code, or delete the received data. If you don't want to use it anymore, just remove the product APP from your phone.
Updates and amendments to terms
This product reserves the right to modify the terms of service, privacy policy or other related terms at any time. The revised provisions will be published on the product APP and web version, and will take effect from the date of announcement or the effective date contained in the announcement. You agree to read it on your own initiative. If you continue to use this product service after the effective date, it is deemed that you have agreed to the amendment of this clause.
Support
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright © PushNotify 2023