by
Ben, So Vegan
UPDATED:
November 1st, 2024
Thank you for choosing to download the SO VEGAN App and use our services. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our services immediately.
This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you use the SO VEGAN app and engage with our newsletter.
By using our app or newsletter you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to us, as outlined in this policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us via
https://www.wearesovegan.com/contact/
SO VEGAN is the trading name of Plant Future 22 LTD.
What information do we collect?
App:
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you sign up for our app. The personal information that we collect includes your email address and password. This information is used to register you as a user in the app.
We also collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the app. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our app and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our app, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Please note that in order to access your account, you will need to agree to our terms as well as our privacy policy.
If you signed up to a free trial, your account will revert to a paid subscription if you decide not to cancel before the free trial has ended. All billing information is managed by Apple or Google and we do not hold any of your billing information. If you have any questions about your billing, please contact either Apple or Google.
Newsletter:
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register for our newsletter. The personal information that we collect depends on the choices you make when you register for our newsletter. The personal information we collect includes your email addresses.
Please note that if you do decide to opt out of our newsletter, we may still contact you with important information regarding your app account. However you will not receive any marketing emails related to the newsletter.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Please send your requests via
https://www.wearesovegan.com/contact/
Will your information be shared with anyone?
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on our app, which will enable them to collect data on our behalf about how you interact with our app over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyse and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in this notice, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with our data processors, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct.
Who will your information be shared with?
We only share and disclose your information with the following categories of third parties: Payment Processing, Email Delivery, Marketing Efforts and Data Analytics Services.
How long do we keep your information?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our app is at your own risk. You should only access the app within a secure environment.
Make changes to this policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you can contact us via
https://www.wearesovegan.com/contact/
or by post to:
Plant Future 22 LTD
15 Western Parade
C/O Connect Accounting,
Rear of Raydean House,
Great North Road,
Barnet,
Herts,
England,
EN5 1AH