This privacy policy applies to information collected when using the Colorlogix app.
Collection of Information
iCloud Synchronization
The Colorlogix app offers an option to enable iCloud Synchronization for your color palettes. If you choose to enable iCloud Synchronization, the app will use Apple CloudKit to synchronize your color palettes between Apple devices.
Your Colorlogix palette data is stored in a private iCloud database that is accessible only to your iCloud user account. Apple uses account-based keys to protect information stored in your private iCloud database. For more details explaining Apple CloudKit security, see
CloudKit Security
.
Your can remove all Colorlogix data stored in iCloud for your account by invoking the
Remove Data from iCloud
action in Colorlogix Settings.
Contact and Support
The Colorlogix app offers a button action to contact us by email. When tapped, a draft email message will be opened containing the following information at the bottom of the message:
Colorlogix Version Number
Device Model
iOS Version
This information is included to help us assist you with issues. If you prefer not to send us this information, you may delete it prior to sending the message.
Use of Information
Contact and Support
The information that you provide when contacting us by email will be used only for the purpose of responding to your contact or support inquiry. We take reasonable measures to protect this information from loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access.
Sharing of Information
We do not share your personal information or content with any third parties except in cases when you allow it, when it is required to accomplish Colorlogix functionality, or when it is required by law or legal process.
Contacting Us about This Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us by email at
contact@onloft.com
.
Changes to This Policy
This privacy policy may be changed from time to time. Changes to this policy are effective immediately and will be posted on this page along with the last revision date below.
Last revised: October 1, 2022.