Cookie settings
MPM Oil uses cookies
We place functional cookies for an optimal user experience, analytical cookies for research and analysis purposes. We place personalization cookies in order to make your user experience fit. And our social media channels place cookies to show you relevant content across all our portals and channels. By closing this notification or by clicking anywhere on our website, you agree to this. If you would like to change the cookie settings or read more about our cookies,
please go to our cookie policy
Edit settings
Close message
Home
Product recommendation
Products
News
About
Dealer locator
Sign in
INT
Overview
Product recommendation
Product- and safety sheets
Overview
Overview
Bag-in-box
Downloads
Send an email
News
Sports
Send an email
Contact
Cookie policy
Send an email
No unread notifications found
Account
Logout
Search
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Czechia
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iraq
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Taiwan
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Bulgarian
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Latvian
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
English
Back
Terms and conditions
General terms
General sales and delivery conditions - MPM International Oil Company B.V.
1. Applicability
1.1
These General Sales and Delivery Conditions (“Sales Conditions”) apply to all quotes, offers and contracts whereby MPM International Oil Company B.V. and/or companies affiliated therewith and/or joint ventures (hereafter jointly and individually called “MPM”) is/are involved or to which it/they is/are a party (while the relevant other party of MPM shall hereafter be called “the buyer”) and also cover all goods, services and advice (“products”) of MPM, and all activities related thereto, inter alia purchase and/or assignment. All offers, price specifications and quotes are without commitment. MPM can revoke/change its offers, price specification and quotes ten working days after acceptance and/or rectify possible mistakes in the offers.
1.2
All assignments are exclusively accepted and executed by MPM with the exclusion of Articles 7:404 of the Civil Code and 7:407 Paragraph 2 of the Civil Code.
1.3
Deviations from the Sales Conditions are only valid if they have been explicitly agreed in writing. Deviations shall then only apply in respect of those agreements whereby this deviation is explicitly stated to apply in writing.
1.4
If these Sales Conditions apply once, then they shall also apply to new agreements between the parties, unless this is explicitly excluded, including both verbal and written agreements.
1.5
Any general conditions of the buyer are explicitly rejected. If and insofar as the parties have explicitly agreed that the buyer’s conditions also apply, the Sales Conditions shall prevail insofar as not explicitly agreed otherwise in writing.
2. Acceptance
2.1
Unless explicitly otherwise agreed in writing, the agreed quantity shall be taken in approximately equal monthly (estimated) quantities. MPM is not obliged to deliver more or less over any contract month than such monthly (estimated) quantity with a maximum deviation of 10%. If the delivery can only be effected in (part-) deliveries which are smaller than a minimum quantity to be by determined MPM International Oil Company B.V. from time to time, or deliveries which are to be urgently effected, MPM shall be entitled to charge the buyer a supplement.
2.2
MPM shall endeavour to deliver “MPM International Oil Company B.V.-branded” products if the delivery of “MPM International Oil Company B.V.-branded” products has been agreed in writing. However, MPM cannot in such case at any time decide for whatever reason – without prior consultation with the buyer – not to deliver “MPM International Oil Company B.V-branded” products to the buyer, whereby these products must be of the quality common in the industry. In such case the buyer is not entitled to compensation in whatever form (including bonuses or discounts).
3. Delivery
3.1
Unless explicitly otherwise agreed in writing, the place of delivery/completion shall be the place of loading of the relevant means of transportation.
3.2
Delivery paid on shore or to a specified address shall in general be deemed effected by delivery to storage facilities which the buyer has specified in writing, or by delivery to a place in the vicinity which is accessible without problem for the relevant means of transportation. If in MPM’s opinion such delivery cannot be effected without objection and/or by the transporter without outside help in a normal manner, MPM shall be free not to effect delivery, without being bound to pay any compensation.
3.3
All risks connected with products, including the risk of loss or damage pass to the buyer upon delivery, or at the time that MPM has informed the buyer that the relevant products are being held at the buyer’s disposition.
3.4
MPM shall, inter alia, not be obliged to effect unloading, if the buyer - in MPM’s opinion - does not see to the presence of a safe, efficient and adequate unloading possibility in time in such sense that unloading can be effected adequately, without delay, efficiently and in conformity with MPM’s safety regulations and any statutory regulations. The buyer guarantees that the (storage) facilities for products like tanks and equipment comply with all statutory regulations and furthermore are safe and properly maintained. The buyer shall always use the products properly and without mixing them for the purposes for which they are reasonably intended.
3.5
Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 4 below, the buyer guarantees that to prevent the overflow of (storage) facilities, the indications relating to the maximum contents of the liquid level of the (storage) facilities, and the nature of the product present therein are correct. Damage as a result of an inaccurate specification, the lack of or non (proper) functioning of measuring instruments, improper (storage) facilities or any other cause, is at the buyer’s expense and risk, including the loss of delivered products. The buyer indemnifies MPM against all claims of third parties as a result of the non-performance of its obligations under this clause.
3.6
If delivery is delayed or prevented for any reason whatsoever on the part of the buyer, MPM is entitled to charge the buyer for the costs ensuing therefrom.
3.7
Time is not of the essence with regard to the delivery time set out in offers and/or contracts, unless such explicitly appears in writing from these documents and late delivery shall never be grounds for the buyer to suspend and/or fail to perform the obligations ensuing for the buyer from the contract.
4. Measurements / weighings / analyses / administration
Measurements and weighings by MPM and weight specifications and analyses furnished by MPM, and MPM’s administration thereof shall be binding on the parties and decisive for the quantities and quality delivered.
5. Unloading
If the transport makes use of a tanker, the buyer is bound to immediately enable MPM or its transporter / carrier to start unloading and to ensure that unloading shall be completed safely, adequately and without disruptions. In the event of delay the buyer shall immediately owe MPM a penalty of € 750, which cannot be mitigated, for every day or part thereof that the unloading is not effected, or is not (fully) completed, without prejudice to MPM’s right to demand full compensation. “Immediately enable” means upon arrival enabling the tanker to start the unloading work, whereby per vehicle there is a time limit of two hours after arrival. Thereafter the penalty clause set out in this clause shall come into effect.
6. Transport, storage and use
With regard to the transport, the storage, the use or the application of the delivered products MPM assumes there will be normal circumstances and the buyer’s agents shall be suitably skilled. The buyer must give MPM timely written notice of any deviating situations. MPM is not liable for the consequences of transport, storage, use or application by agents who are not suitably skilled or for non-normal circumstances. Nor is MPM liable when any advice given by MPM - general and/or specific - with regard to the transport, storage, use or application of the delivered products by the buyer or third parties have not, in MPM’s opinion, been fully complied with. The buyer indemnifies MPM against liability vis-à-vis third parties for damage ensuing from circumstances as referred to in this clause.
7. Packing
MPM shall not take back packing; recycling/destruction is at the buyer’s expense and risk.
8. Payment
8.1
Unless explicitly otherwise agreed in writing, payments of the buyer to MPM must be effected at delivery latest, without discount, set-off and/or right to suspension.
8.2
Unless explicitly otherwise agreed in writing, costs and fees are not included in the agreed price and the buyer must pay these separately.
8.3
If the buyer continues to default on the prompt and full payment of the amount owing according to MPM’s administration after expiry of the term set out in the first paragraph, this shall entail, without prejudice to any other rights to which MPM is entitled:
a.
all other claims in the buyer’s name outstanding at MPM’s shall become immediately due;
b.
MPM shall have the right to charge interest for late payment over the remaining amount as of the date of delivery of 1% per month counted as of the due date up to and including the day of payment, whereby part of a month shall be counted as a whole month;
c.
MPM has the right without further notice of default to suspend the performance of any contract with the buyer and/or to dissolve any contract with the buyer without being bound to pay any compensation;
d.
All extrajudicial (collection) costs (including the costs incurred for the preparation and sending reminders, conducting settlement negotiations and other operations in preparation for a possible judicial procedure) and court costs will be paid by buyer. The extrajudicial collection costs shall be calculated on the basis of the report for Work II plus € 25.00 registration.
9. Price-changing circumstances
In the event of price-changing circumstances, such as changes effected by a public authority in respect of taxes, duties, charges and/or other collective payments/levies over the product to be delivered, changes in (global) market prices and/or (sea) freight prices, MPM has the right to increase or decrease the price accordingly. If the officially determined value of the Euro (€) changes compared to other currencies, MPM can revise the price accordingly.
10. Intellectual and industrial property
10.1
All (user) rights of intellectual or industrial property in respect of the products or goods which are connected therewith shall exclusively belong to MPM. Unless explicitly otherwise agreed in writing, the buyer shall not acquire a user right or license in respect thereof.
10.2
The buyer is not permitted to remove and/or change any indication regarding the (intellectual and/or industrial) property of MPM.
11. Resale/re-delivery
In the event of resale/re-delivery to parties other than end users or to parties other than resellers acknowledged by MPM, the buyer shall always offer and sell the products under the brands and indications determined by MPM, pure and unmixed, without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 10.1 above. The foregoing shall only be different if there has been intent on the part of MPM, or of its (non-)subordinate agents, which intent must be clearly demonstrated by the buyer and/or third parties.
12 Liability
12.1
MPM is not liable for direct or indirect damage, including consequential damage and loss of profit, occurring at the buyer’s or third parties’, which the buyer or third parties suffer due to shortcomings and/or any actions and/or omissions of MPM and/or its (non-)subordinated agents in connection with the performance of any contract made between the parties or in the framework of extra-contractual relationships.
12.2
The buyer is bound to indemnify MPM and keep it indemnified against all claims of third parties ensuing from or connected with the contract between MPM and the buyer and any extra-contractual relationships, and in specific if the damage is the result of the furnishing of inaccurate and/or incomplete details and/or information by the buyer.
12.3
If MPM, to refute its liability for the conduct of a (non-)subordinate agent engaged by it, can derive a defence from the Sales Conditions, then the (non-)subordinate agent, if the buyer brings a claim against such agent on the basis of said conduct, can invoke such defence too as if it were a party to these Conditions.
13. Complaints
13.1
The buyer is obliged to inspect the goods delivered immediately upon or after delivery. The buyer must lodge complaints regarding the delivery, including, inter alia, complaints on deviations in the quantity and/or quality of the goods delivered, immediately but at latest within 5 working days after delivery or completion in writing with MPM; failure to do so entails a loss of all of the buyer’s claims in this respect.
13.2
The buyer must lodge complaints regarding an invoice sent by MPM in writing 5 working days after the invoice date; failure to do so entails a loss of all of the buyer’s claims in this respect.
13.3
MPM does not have to accept return shipments, unless MPM has granted prior written consent therefore.
14. Retention of title and pledge
14.1
Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 3.3 above, MPM remains the owner of the products delivered or still to be delivered as long as the buyer has not effected (part-)performance under this contract, these Conditions or any other contract with MPM and/or as long as the buyer has not performed other extra-contractual obligations vis-à-vis MPM. The buyer shall always immediately grant MPM access to retrieve delivered products itself at the buyer’s expense and risk.
14.2
On the suspensive condition of loss of and/or nullity or a loss of validity of the retention of title referred to in the preceding paragraph, the buyer hereby grants MPM a pledge upon delivery in respect of all products delivered and to be delivered to the buyer. This pledge serves as security for payment of all current and future debts of the buyer to MPM. The buyer is hereby deemed to have granted MPM an irrevocable and unconditional authority and shall cooperate in making a written record and registration of the pledge.
14.3
The buyer is prohibited from pledging the goods in whole or in part to third parties or from transferring the title thereto until full payment has been effected.
15. Transferability
MPM is at all times entitled to transfer its rights and/or obligations vis-à-vis the buyer in whole or in part to another, who shall then take MPM’s place as contracting party and shall be entitled to, e.g., replace the brands under which MPM might have sold the products, in whole or in part with other brands or otherwise change the way in which products are sold or change the related contracts. The buyer hereby grants MPM its irrevocable and unconditional consent for such takeover of the contract. The contract takeover shall be effected as soon as MPM, partly on behalf of the party which takes over the relevant rights and obligations, has given the buyer written notice thereof.
16. Security
If MPM believes that (financial) circumstances of the buyer give good grounds for assuming that the buyer will not (be able to) perform its obligations under the contract (in full), the buyer is obliged to give security which is satisfactory to MPM, to pay an advance to be determined by MPM and/or place goods under the control of MPM for the performance of all the buyer’s obligations under the contract. In the event of failure to do so MPM is entitled to suspend the performance of any contract with the buyer in whole or in part and/or dissolve any contract in whole or in part, without being bound to pay any compensation.
17. Termination
17.1
MPM can, without the need for notice of default or judicial intervention, effect termination of the contract with immediate effect by written notice, without MPM being bound to pay any compensation, without prejudice to any obligation to pay compensation on the part of the buyer, in, inter alia, the following cases, in respect of which the buyer – insofar as they apply to it – must immediately give MPM written notice:
1.
attachment of the buyer’s property;
2.
loss on the part of the buyer of a permit to run its business;
3.
non-performance by the buyer of its payment obligations or circumstances which (could) jeopardise its creditworthiness;
4.
the buyer makes false or incomplete statements to MPM;
5.
any action or any omission on the part of the buyer which is con trary to the provisions of the Sales Conditions or the underlying contract and/or any other contract between the buyer and MPM;
6.
termination or such change in the legal relationships between MPM and its suppliers which makes it impossible for MPM to effect further deliveries to the buyer, or limits or complicates such to a significant extent;
7.
if the buyer petitions for or is granted a moratorium, provisional or otherwise, is declared bankrupt, or a petition has been presented for the buyer’s bankruptcy, the buyer petitions for or is granted debt rescheduling or otherwise becomes insolvent, sells its business, transfers its business in whatever sense, ceases or liquidates its business to a great extent, or loses the loss of control over its business.
8.1
other circumstances pursuant to which it would be unreasonable to demand of MPM that the contract with the buyer remains in effect.
8.2
termination of the contract in accordance with the preceding provisions is without prejudice to any right of performance vis-à-vis MPM of existing obligations or any claim to compensation on the part of MPM.
18. Force Majeur
18.1
MPM is not liable for the non-performance, late performance or improper performance of its obligations, if, insofar as and for as long as the performance is delayed, impeded or hindered due to force majeure, in whole or in part, temporarily or permanently, in, inter alia, the following cases:
- the performance of a regulation or request of a government institution, port, local or other authority or any body or person which has indicated that it is or is acting on behalf of such institution or authority;
- hindrances, restrictions or impediments relating to the extraction, production and/or supply (including replacement of supply lines) and/or the import of raw and auxiliary materials for the products sold and/or relating to the manufacture of the products and/or the transport thereof to the place of delivery (the foregoing also includes the non-performance of supply companies);
- facts and/or circumstances which MPM could not foresee or need not reasonably have foreseen which are of such influence that MPM, had it known of such facts and/or circumstances, would not have made the contract of delivery or would have made such contract on different conditions.
18.2
The circumstances referred to under Clause 19.1 include, but is not limited to: war, mobilisation, riot, boycott, destruction, epidemics, natural disasters, weather circumstances, strike, fire, the forced cessation of the exploitation of wells, refineries and/or installations, traffic jams and/or transport delays, computer breakdowns, disruption of electricity or gas supply, price increases which cannot be passed on and furthermore all other circumstances which have a disruptive effect on the regular course of MPM ’s business or that of its supply companies, to be evaluated by MPM.
18.3
If a situation arises as referred to in Clause 19.1 or 19.2, MPM shall inform the buyer – if possible and desirable for MPM – whether and to what extent and on what conditions it shall continue the deliveries in whole or in part. MPM shall never be bound to cover any shortages on the part of suppliers and shall furthermore be entitled to dissolve the contract or suspend or limit the deliveries.
19. FOB/FCA deliveries
19.1
In the event of FOB or FCA deliveries, for the application of the VAT exemption in connection with intercommunity deliveries, the buyer must confirm to MPM in writing at latest at the time of delivery that the products shall be transported to another EC member state by or on behalf of the buyer, without prejudice to MPM’s right to demand further information or original documents before or after applying this rate. If the buyer does not succeed in presenting the further information or original documents, MPM has the right to charge the applicable VAT to the buyer at any time, together with default interest and any VAT-related fines imposed on MPM.
19.2
With regard to the Single Administrative Document (‘SAD’) relating to excise goods, the buyer must ensure that prior to the physical transport of the goods, MPM is given written notice of the names and signatures of the authorised persons of the receiving bonded warehouse, registered or unregistered company, or, if the dispatching bonded warehouse keeper is a third party, to such third party, and that changes are passed on in time. The buyer must ensure that the SAD has been returned to the dispatching bonded warehouse keeper within 14 working days after the date of dispatch. In the event of FOB or FCA deliveries the buyer is liable for the taxes and levies, penalties, interest and additional costs which are the result of breaches or irregularities during the transport or shortages noted upon receipt/intake?, as well as irregularities connected with the SAD, including inaccurate or incomplete signing, late receipt or non-receipt by the dispatching bonded warehouse keeper.
19.3
If and insofar as MPM issues or does not issue customs or excise documents on behalf of the buyer in the name of MPM for the products to be delivered, the buyer shall immediately, without reservation and right of set-off and/or suspension, compensate all loss which can be the result of the use of these documents, regardless of whether there has been guilt or culpability on the part of the buyer, personnel of the buyer or third parties engaged by the buyer. If and as soon as the buyer resells and/or redelivers the products without paying levies or taxes, to rectify MPM’s customs or excess documents, the buyer shall have more customs or excise documents drawn up in order to terminate MPM’s liability to the revenue service.
20. Set-off
MPM is entitled to set off all debts which it might owe to the buyer at any time against all claims which MPM has on the buyer at such time, and MPM has the right to set off its claims against said debts. The foregoing also applies in respect of a claim of MPM on the buyer which is not yet due and/or which is conditional, under any heading whatsoever.
21. Applicable law and disputes
21.1
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Netherlands law applies to all legal relationships with MPM as referred to in the General Sales Conditions.
21.2
Under Netherlands law the District Court of Rotterdam has jurisdiction to adjudicate disputes, without prejudice to MPM’s right to opt to bring the dispute before the court of the buyer’s domicile or another district court, at MPM’s election, and without prejudice to the mandatory law provisions regarding the jurisdiction of another court.
22. Other
If any provision of these Sales Conditions, for any reason whatsoever, is invalid in whole or in part, the agreement and these Conditions shall remain in full effect for the rest, and as far as the parties are concerned, a new valid provision shall be agreed which approximates the void provision as much as possible. MPM is entitled to change the Sales Conditions. This change shall apply as of the time that MPM has informed the buyer in this respect.
Algemene leveringsvoorwaarden - MPM International Oil Company B.V.
1. Toepasselijkheid
1.1
Deze algemene verkoop- en Leveringsvoorwaarden (Verkoopvoorwaarden) zijn van toepassing op alle aanbiedingen, offertes en overeenkomsten waarbij MPM International Oil Company B.V. en/of hieraan gerelateerde vennootschappen en/of samenwerkingsverbanden (hierna gezamenlijk en afzonderlijk MPM) betrokken c.q. partij is/zijn (terwijl de betreffende wederpartij van MPM hierna zal worden aangeduid als koper) en hebben tevens betrekking op alle zaken, diensten en adviezen (producten) van MPM, alsmede alle daarmee verbandhoudende werkzaamheden, ondermeer krachtens koop en/of opdracht. Alle offertes, prijsopgaven en aanbiedingen geschieden vrijblijvend. MPM kan haar offertes, prijsopgaven en aanbiedingen na tien werkdagen na aanvaarding alsnog intrekken/wijzigen en/of mogelijke vergissingen in de offertes herstellen.
1.2
Alle opdrachten worden uitsluitend door MPM aanvaard en uitgevoerd door MPM met terzijdestelling van artikelen 7:404 BW en 7:407 lid 2 Burgerlijk Wetboek.
1.3
Afwijkingen van de verkoopvoorwaarden zijn slechts geldig indien deze uitdrukkelijk en schriftelijk zijn overeengekomen. Afwijkingen gelden alsdan alleen voor die overeenkomsten waarbij deze afwijking uitdrukkelijk en schriftelijk van toepassing is verklaard.
1.4
Indien deze Verkoopvoorwaarden eenmaal van toepassing zijn, dan zijn zij ook van toepassing op nieuwe overeenkomsten tussen partijen, tenzij dit uitdrukkelijk is uitgesloten, zowel mondelinge als schriftelijke overeenkomsten hieronder begrepen.
1.5
Eventuele algemene voorwaarden van de koper worden expliciet van de hand gewezen. Indien en voor zover partijen uitdrukkelijk zijn dat de voorwaarden van de koper eveneens van toepassing zijn, dan prevaleren de verkoopvoorwaarden voor zover niet uitdrukkelijk anders schriftelijk wordt overeengekomen.
2. Afname
2.1
Tenzij uitdrukkelijk schriftelijk anders is overeengekomen, moet de overeengekomen hoeveelheid in ongeveer gelijke maandelijkse (geschatte) hoeveelheden worden afgenomen. MPM is niet verplicht over enige contractmaand meer of minder dan een zodanige maandelijkse (geschatte) hoeveelheid met een afwijking van maximaal 10% te leveren. Indien de levering slechts kan plaats in (deel)leveringen die kleiner zijn dan een door MPM International Oil Company B.V. van tijd tot tijd vast te stellen minimale hoeveelheid, dan wel leveringen die met spoed dienen plaats te vinden, dan zal MPM gerechtigd zijn een toeslag aan koper in rekening te brengen.
2.2
MPM zal zich inspannen om MPM International Oil Company B.V.-branded producten te leveren indien de levering van MPM International Oil Company B.V.-branded producten schriftelijk is overeengekomen. MPM kan echter niet in het voorkomende geval te allen tijde besluiten om welke reden dan ook 'zulks zonder voorafgaand overleg met koper' niet MPM International Oil Company B.V-branded producten te leveren aan koper, waarbij deze producten van in de branche gebruikelijke kwaliteit dient te zijn. In dat geval heeft koper op geen enkele recht op compensatie in welke vorm dan ook (inclusief bonussen of kortingen).
3. Levering
3.1
Tenzij uitdrukkelijk schriftelijk anders is overeengekomen, geldt als plaats van (af)-levering de plaats van belading van het betreffende transportmiddel.
3.2
Levering franco wal of franco huis geldt in het algemeen als levering in door koper schriftelijk opgegeven opslagfaciliteiten, c.q. als levering naar een plaats daar nabij, welke voor het transportmiddel zonder moeilijkheden bereikbaar is. Kan bedoelde levering naar het oordeel van MPM niet zonder bezwaar en/of op eigen kracht op normale wijze worden uitgevoerd, dan zal MPM vrij zijn niet te leveren, zonder gehouden te zijn enige schadevergoeding te voldoen.
3.3
Alle risico's verbonden aan producten, waaronder medebegrepen het risico van verlies of beschadigingen gaan op koper over bij (af)levering, dan wel op het moment dat MPM aan koper heeft meegedeeld dat de betreffende producten ter beschikking van koper worden gehouden.
3.4
MPM zal onder meer niet tot lossing verplicht zijn, indien koper 'naar het oordeel van MPM' niet tijdig zorgt draagt voor de aanwezigheid van een veilige, efficiënte en adequate losmogelijkheid, als zodanig, dat lossing adequaat, zonder oponthoud, efficiënt en conform de veiligheidsvoorschriften van MPM alsmede wettelijke voorschriften kan plaatsvinden. Koper staat ervoor in dat de (opslag)faciliteiten voor producten, zoals tanks en gebruiksapparaten, voldoen aan alle wettelijke voorschriften en voorts, veilig en goed onderhouden zijn. Koper zal de producten steeds zuiver en onvermengd gebruiken voor de doeleinden waarvoor deze redelijkerwijs zijn bestemd.
3.5
Onverlet hetgeen is bepaald in artikel 4 hierna, staat de koper ervoor in dat, ter voorkoming van het overlopen van (opslag)faciliteiten, de aanduidingen met betrekking tot de maximale inhoud van en het vloeistofpeil van de (opslag)faciliteiten, alsmede de aard van het daarin aanwezig product, juist zijn. Schade als gevolg van een onjuiste aanduiding, het ontbreken of niet (goed) functioneren van meetinstrumenten, ondeugdelijke (opslag)faciliteiten of enige andere oorzaak, komt voor rekening en risico van koper, het verloren gaan van afgeleverd product daaronder medebegrepen. Koper vrijwaart MPM tegen alle aanspraken van derden als gevolg van het niet nakomen van haar verplichtingen krachtens dit artikel.
3.6
Ondervindt aflevering, om welke reden dan ook gelegen aan de zijde van koper vertraging of belemmering, dan is MPM gerechtigd de daaruit voor MPM voortvloeiende kosten aan koper in rekening te brengen.
3.7
De levertijd, aangegeven in offerten en/of overeenkomsten is geen fatale termijn, tenzij dat uitdrukkelijk schriftelijk uit deze stukken blijkt en niet tijdige levering is voor koper nimmer grond de voor koper uit de overeenkomst voortvloeiende verplichtingen op te schorten en/of niet na te komen.
4. Metingen/wegingen/analyses/administratie
Metingen en wegingen door MPM en door MPM te verstrekken gewichtsopgaven en analyses, alsmede de administratie daarvan of vanwege MPM zullen voor partijen bindend en beslissend zijn voor de geleverde hoeveelheden en kwaliteit.
5. Lossen
Indien bij het vervoer gebruik wordt gemaakt van tankauto, dan is koper gehouden MPM dan wel haar transporteur /vervoerder onmiddellijk in staat te stellen te starten met het (doen) lossen en dat lossen veilig, adequaat en zonder onderbrekingen te (doen) voltooien. Bij vertraging is koper onverwijld een niet voor matiging vatbare schadevergoeding aan MPM verschuldigd van  750,- voor iedere dag of gedeelte daarvan dat het lossen niet is geschied, dan wel niet (geheel) is voltooid, onverminderd het recht van MPM om volledige schadevergoeding te vorderen. Onder onmiddellijk in staat stellen wordt verstaan het bij aankomst van de tankauto in staat stellen met de loswerkzaamheden aan te vangen, waardoor per auto een tijdslimiet van twee uur na aankomst wordt gegeven. Nadien treedt de in artikel opgenomen boeteclausule in werking.
6. Vervoer, opslag en toepassing
Voor wat betreft het vervoer, de opslag, het gebruik of de toepassing van de geleverde producten gaat MPM uit van de normale omstandigheden en ter zake kundige(hulp-)personen aan de zijde van koper.
Eventuele afwijkende situaties moeten tevoren tijdig door koper aan MPM schriftelijk kenbaar worden gemaakt. MPM is niet aansprakelijk voor de gevolgen van vervoer, opslag, gebruik of toepassing door niet terzake kundige(hulp-)personen of onder niet-normale omstandigheden. MPM is evenmin aansprakelijk wanneer de door MPM eventueel te verstrekken adviezen -algemene en/of specifieke- t.a.v. het vervoer, opslag, gebruik of toepassing van de geleverde producten door koper of derden naar het oordeel van MPM niet stipt zijn opgevolgd. Koper vrijwaart MPM tegen aansprakelijkheid jegens derden voor schade, die voortvloeit uit omstandig- heden als in dit artikel bedoeld.
7. Verpakking/embalage
Verpakking wordt door MPM niet teruggenomen en recycling/vernietiging komt voor rekening en risico van koper.
8. Payment
8.1
Tenzij uitdrukkelijk schriftelijk anders is overeengekomen, dienen betalingen van koper aan MPM uiterlijk bij (af)levering te geschieden, zonder korting, verrekening en/of recht op opschorting.
8.2
Tenzij uitdrukkelijk schriftelijk anders is overeengekomen, zijn kosten en vergoedingen niet in de overeengekomen prijs begrepen en zullen deze afzonderlijk door koper worden betaald.
8.3
Indien koper na verloop van de in het eerste lid genoemde termijn in gebreke blijft tot stipte en volledige betaling van het blijkens de administratie van MPM verschuldigde bedrag over te gaan, dan heeft zulks onverminderd enige overigens aan MPM toekomende rechten ten gevolge dat:
a.
alle overige ten name van koper bij MPM openstaande vorderingen onmiddellijk opeisbaar worden;
b.
MPM het recht krijgt over het betreffende bedrag vanaf datum van (af)levering een verzuimrente te berekenen van 1% per maand gerekend vanaf de vervaldag tot en met de dag van betaling, waarbij een gedeelte van een maand als gehele maand gelden;
c.
MPM het recht krijgt zonder nadere ingebrekestelling de uitvoering van enige overeenkomst met koper geheel of gedeeltelijk op te schorten en/of te ontbinden zonder tot enige schadevergoeding gehouden te zijn;
d.
alle kosten van MPM, zowel gerechtelijke als buitenrechtelijke, waar onder medebegrepen incassokosten om tot gehele of gedeeltelijke inning van haar vorderingen op koper te geraken, ten laste van koper komen. De buitenrechterlijke kosten zullen worden berekend conform de tarieven die op dat moment van dagvaarding bij de bevoegde (rechterlijke) instanties gebruikelijk zijn (tenzij de werkelijke kosten hoger zijn dan de aldaar gehanteerde incassotarieven), in welk geval MPM recht heeft op dat meerdere.
9. Prijswijzigende omstandigheden
Bij prijswijzigende omstandigheden, zoals bijvoorbeeld wijzigingen van overheidswege van lasten, rechten, belastingen, retributies en/of van overige collectieve afdrachten/heffingen over het te leveren product, wijziging van (wereld)marktprijzen en/of (zee)vrachtprijzen, heeft MPM het recht de prijs dienovereenkomstig te verhogen of te verlagen. Indien de officieel vastgestelde waarde van de Euro (€) ten opzichte van andere valuta wijzingen ondergaat, kan MPM de prijs dienovereenkomstig herzien.
10. Intellectuele en industriële eignedom
10.1
Alle (gebruiks)rechten van intellectuele of industriële eigendom op de producten dan wel zaken die daarmee verband houden, berusten uitsluitend bij MPM. Tenzij uitdrukkelijk en schriftelijk anders overeengekomen, heeft koper geen gebruiksrecht of licentie hiertoe verkregen.
10.2
Het is koper niet toegestaan enige aanduiding aangaande het (intellectuele en/of industriële) eigendom van MPM te verwijderen en/of te wijzigen.
11. Doorverkoop/doorlevering
In geval van doorverkoop/doorlevering aan anderen dan eindverbruikers of aan anderen dan door MPM erkende wederverkopers zal koper de producten steeds onder de door MPM vastgestelde merken en aanduidingen, zuiver en onvermengd, aanbieden en verkopen, een en ander onverlet het bepaalde in artikel 10.1 hiervoor. Een en ander is slechts anders indien er sprake is van opzet aan de zijde van MPM, dan wel diens (niet) ondergeschikte hulppersonen, welke opzet alsdan door koper en/of derde deugdelijk dient te worden aangetoond.
12 Aansprakelijkheid
12.1
MPM is niet aansprakelijk voor bij koper of derden ontstane directe of indirecte schade, gevolgschade en derving van winst daaronder begrepen, die koper of derden lijden door tekortkomingen en/of enig handelen en/of nalaten van MPM en of diens (niet) ondergeschikte hulppersonen in verband met de uitvoering van enige tussen partije gesloten overeenkomst dan wel in het kader van buitencontractuele relaties.
12.2
Koper is gehouden MPM schadeloos te houden en te vrijwaren voor alle aanspraken van derden die voortvloeien uit of verband houden met de overeenkomst tussen MPM en koper. en eventuele buitencontractuele relaties, en meer in het bijzonder indien de schade het gevolg is van de verstrekking van onjuist en/of onvolledige gegevens en/of informatie door koper.
12.3
Indien MPM ter afwering van haar aansprakelijkheid voor een gedraging van een door haar ingeschakelde (niet) ondergeschikte hulppersoon aan de Verkoopvoorwaarden een verweermiddel kan ontlenen, dan kan ook de (niet) ondergeschikte hulppersoon indien hij op grond van deze gedragingen door koper wordt aangesproken, dit verweermiddel inroepen, als ware zij hierbij partij.
13. Klachten
14.1
Koper is verplicht om direct bij of na het geleverde te controleren. Klachten over de levering, inclusief onder meer klachten over afwijkingen, in de kwantiteit en/of kwaliteit van het geleverde, moeten door koper onverwijld, doch uiterlijk binnen 5 werkdagen na (af)levering, schriftelijk bij MPM worden gemeld, bij gebreke waarvan alle aanspraken dienaangaande voor koper vervallen.
14.2
Klachten over een door MPM gezonden factuur moeten door koper binnen 5 werkdagen na factuurdatum schriftelijk worden ingediend, bij gebreke waarvan alle aanspraken van koper dienaangaande vervallen.
14.3
Retourzendingen behoeven door MPM niet te worden aanvaard, tenzij MPM daartoe tevoren schriftelijk toestemming heeft verleend.
14. Eigendomsvoorbehoud en pandrecht
14.1
Onverlet hetgeen is bepaald in artikel 3.3 hiervoor, blijft MPM eigenaar van de geleverde of nog te leveren producten zolang koper (nog) te verrichten (deel-) prestaties uit de overeenkomst, deze voorwaarden of enige andere overeenkomst met MPM niet heeft verricht en/of zolang koper andere buitencontractuele verplichtingen jegens MPM niet heeft voldaan. Koper zal MPM steeds onverwijld toegang verlenen om geleverde producten zelf terug te (doen) halen voor rekening en risico van koper.
14.2
Onder de opschortende voorwaarde van het tenietgaan en/of niet (meer) geldig zijn van het in het vorige lid bedoelde eigendomsvoorbehoud geeft koper nu reeds bij voorbaat bij aflevering tevens een pandrecht aan MPM op alle aan koper geleverde en te leveren producten. Pandrecht dient tot zekerheid van voldoening van alle huidige en toekomstige schulden van koper aan MPM. Koper wordt hierbij geacht een onherroepelijke en onvoorwaardelijke volmacht aan MPM te hebben gegeven om mee te werken aan een nadere schriftelijke vastlegging en registratie van het pandrecht.
14.3
Aan de koper wordt verboden de zaken geheel of gedeeltelijk aan derden te verpanden of de eigendom daarvan over te dragen totdat volledige betaling heeft plaatsgevonden.
15. Overdraagbaarheid
MPM is te allen tijde gerechtigd haar rechten en/of verplichtingen jegens koper geheel of gedeeltelijk over te dragen aan een ander, die dan in haar plaats contractant wordt en bevoegd zal zijn bijvoorbeeld de merken, waaronder MPM mocht verkopen, geheel of gedeeltelijk door anderen te vervangen of anderszins de wijze waarop producten verkocht worden c.q. de daarmee verband houdende overeenkomsten te wijzigen. Koper geeft MPM reeds nu voor alsdan zijn onherroepelijke en onvoorwaardelijke toestemming voor deze contractsoverneming. De contractsoverneming komt tot stand zodra MPM, mede namens degene die de betreffende rechten en verplichtingen overneemt, koper schriftelijk daarvan in kennis heeft gesteld.
16. Zekerheid
Wanneer (financiële) omstandigheden van koper volgens MPM goede grond geven aan te nemen dat deze zijn verplichtingen uit de overeenkomst voortvloeiende niet (volledig) zal (kunnen) nakomen, dan is koper verplicht tot het ten genoegen van MPM stellen van zekerheid, het betalen van een door MPM te bepalen voorschot en/of inbewaringgeving van goederen voor de nakoming van al zijn verplichtingen uit de overeenkomst. Bij gebreken daarvan is MPM gerechtigd de uitvoering van enige overeenkomst met koper geheel of gedeeltelijk op te schorten en/of te ontbinden, zonder tot enige schadevergoeding gehouden te zijn.
17. Beëindigen
17.1
MPM kan zonder ingebrekestelling en zonder gerechtelijke tussenkomst door schriftelijke kennisgeving met onmiddellijke ingang overgaan tot beëindiging van de overeenkomst 'zonder dat MPM gehouden is tot betaling van enige schadevergoeding, zulks onverlet de eventuele schadeplichtigheid van koper' in onder meer de navolgende gevallen-, welke koper 'voor zover op haar van toepassing' onverwijld schriftelijk zal dienen TE melden aan MPM;
1.
beslaglegging op de eigendommen van de koper;
2.
verlies van koper van een vergunning tot uitoefening van zijn bedrijf;
3.
het niet voldoen van koper aan zijn betalingsverplichtingen of omstandigheden die zijn kredietwaardigheid in gevaar (kunnen) brengen;
4.
valse of onvolledige opgave door koper aan MPM gedaan;
5.
enige handeling of enig nalaten door koper in strijd met de bepalingen van de Verkoopvoorwaarden of de onderliggende overeenkomst en/of enig andere overeenkomst tussen koper en MPM;
6.
beëindiging of zodanige wijziging van de rechtsbetrekkingen tussen MPM en haar toeleveranciers welke verdere leveringen aan MPM dientengevolge aan koper onmogelijk maken, dan wel in ernstige mate beperken of bezwaren;
7.
indien koper, al dan niet voorlopige, surseance van betaling aanvraagt of verkrijgt, in staat van faillissement wordt verklaard, dan wel er sprake is van een aanvrage daartoe, schuldsanering aanvraagt of verleend krijgt of anderszins insolvent raakt, zijn/haar onderneming verkoopt, overdraagt in wat voor zin dan ook, grotendeels staakt, dan wel liquideert, dan wel het verlies van zeggenschap over zijn/haar onderneming verliest.
8.1
andere omstandigheden waardoor in redelijkheid van MPM niet kan worden gevergd dat de overeenkomst met koper in stand blijft.
8.2
beëindiging van de overeenkomst ingevolge de voorgaande bepalingen laat ieder recht op nakoming jegens MPM van bestaande verplichtingen dan wel enige aanspraak op schadevergoeding van MPM onverlet.
18. Overmacht
18.1
MPM is niet aansprakelijk voor de niet, niet-tijdige of niet-behoorlijke nakoming van haar verplichtingen, indien, voor zover en voor zolang de nakoming geheel of gedeeltelijk, tijdelijk of blijvend, is vertraagd, belemmerd, of verhinderd door overmacht waar onder meer sprake van is in de volgende gevallen;
- de nakoming van een voorschrift of verzoek van een overheidsinstantie, haven-, plaatselijke of andere autoriteit of enig lichaam of persoon, dat (die) te kennen geeft een dergelijke instantie of autoriteit te zijn of namens deze te handelen;
- verhinderingen, beperkingen of belemmeringen met betrekking tot de winning, de productie en/of aanvoer (waaronder begrepen vervanging van aanvoerlijnen) en/of de invoer van grond- en hulpstoffen voor de verkochte producten en/of met betrekking tot de fabricage van die producten en/of het vervoer daarvan naar de plaats van levering (onder een en ander begrepen het niet presteren van toeleveringsbedrijven);
- feiten en/of omstandigheden, die MPM niet heeft kunnen voorzien of redelijkerwijs niet heeft behoeven te voorzien en die van zodanige invloed zijn dat MPM, waren die feiten en/of omstandigheden haar bekend geweest, de overeenkomst van levering niet of niet dan op gewijzigde condities zou zijn aangegaan.
18.2
Onder de bij artikel 19.1 omstandigheden vallen in ieder geval doch niet beperkt tot: oorlog, mobilisatie, opstand, boycot, vernieling, epidemieën, natuurrampen, weersomstandigheden, staking, brand, het gedwongen stopzetten van de exploitatie van putten, raffinaderijen en/of installaties, verkeersstagnaties en/of transportvertragingen, computerstoringen, storing van elektriciteits- of glasleverantie, prijsverhogingen die niet kunnen worden doorberekend en voorts alle andere omstandigheden, welke storend werken op de regelmatige gang van MPM's bedrijf of die van haar toeleveringsbedrijven, zulks ter beoordeling van MPM.
18.3
Indien zich een situatie voordoet zoals bedoeld in artikel 19.1 of 19.2 zal MPM koper 'indien mogelijk en wenselijk voor MPM' mededelen of, in hoeverre en onder welke voorwaarden zij de leveringen geheel of gedeeltelijk zal continueren. MPM zal nimmer gehouden zijn eventuele tekorten bij leveranciers te dekken en zal voorts bevoegd zijn de overeenkomst te ontbinden of de leveringen op te schorten of te beperken.
19. FOB-FCA leveringen
19.1
Bij FOB- of FCA-leveringen dient koper MPM voor toepassing van de BTW-vrijstelling in verband met intracommunautaire levering, uiterlijk op het moment van levering, schriftelijk te bevestigen dat de producten door of namens hem naar een andere EG-lidstaat zullen worden vervoerd, onverminderd het recht van MPM om, alvorens dit tarief te hanteren of later, nadere informatie of originele bewijsstukken te verlangen. Indien koper er niet in slaagt de nadere informatie of originele bewijsstukken over te leggen heeft MPM het recht koper op ieder ogenblik de toepasselijke BTW samen met nalatigheidinteresten en eventueel aan MPM opgelegde BTW-boetes, aan te rekenen.
19.2
Ten aanzien van het Administratief Geleide Document (AGD) ter zake van accijnsgoederen, dient koper er voor zorg te dragen, dat voorafgaand aan het fysieke transport van de goederen, de namen en handtekeningen van de geautoriseerde personen van het ontvangende entrepot, geregistreerd of niet-geregistreerd bedrijf, schriftelijk bekend worden gemaakt aan MPM of, indien de verzendende entrepothouder een derde is, aan deze derde, alsmede dat wijzigingen tijdig worden doorgegeven. Koper dient er voor zorg te dragen dat het AGD binnen 14 werkdagen na de datum van verzending terugontvangen is van de verzendende entrepothouder. Koper is bij FOB- of FCA-leveringen aansprakelijk voor de belastingen en heffingen, boetes, rente en bijkomende kosten welke het gevolg zijn van overtredingen of onregelmatigheden tijdens het vervoer of geconstateerde tekorten bij ontvangst/inslag, alsmede onregelmatigheden in verband met het AGD, waaronder begrepen onjuiste of onvolledige aftekening, niet-tijdige of niet terugontvangst door de verzendende entrepothouder.
19.3
Indien en voor zover MPM ten behoeve van koper douane- of accijnsdocumenten op naam van MPM voor de te leveren producten afgeeft of niet doet afgeven, zal koper terstond, zonder voorbehoud en zonder recht van verrekening en/of opschorting, alle schade vergoeden, die het gevolg kan zijn van het gebruik van deze documenten, ongeachte of er enige sprake is van schuld of verwijtbaarheid van koper, personeel of koper van derden, die koper inschakelt. Indien en zodra koper de producten zonder betaling van heffing of belastingen doorverkoopt en/of doorlevert, zal koper ter aanzuivering van de douane- of accijnsdocumenten van MPM opvolgende douane- of accijnsdocumenten (doen) opmaken, teneinde de aansprakelijkheid van MPM jegens de fiscus te beëindigen.
20. Verrekening
MPM is gerechtigd alle schulden, die zij te eniger tijdens jegens koper zouden hebben, te verrekenen met alle vorderingen die MPM alsdan op koper zou blijken te hebben, gelijk MPM het recht heeft haar vorderingen met bedoelde schulden te verrekenen. Het voorgaande geldt ook voor nog niet opeisbare en/of voorwaardelijke vordering van MPM op koper, uit welke behoefte dan ook.
21. Toepasselijk recht en geschillen
21.1
Tenzij schriftelijk anders overeengekomen, is Nederlands recht van toepassing op alle in de Algemene Verkoopvoorwaarden beoogde rechtsverhoudingen met MPM.
21.2
Bevoegd tot het kennis nemen van geschillen naar Nederlands recht is de Arrondissements- rechtbank te Rotterdam, zulks onverminderd het recht van MPM om ervoor te kiezen het geschil voor te leggen aan de rechter van de woonplaats van koper dan wel een andere arrondissementsrechtbank, naar keuze van MPM, en onverlet de dwingend- rechtelijke bepalingen betreffende de eventuele bevoegdheid van een andere rechter.
22. Overige
Indien enige bepaling van deze Verkoopvoorwaarden, om welke reden dan ook, geheel of gedeeltelijk ongeldig is, dan blijven de overeenkomst en deze voorwaarden voor het overige onverminderd van kracht, voor wat partijen betreft de ongeldige bepaling geacht worden datgene te zijn overeengekomen, dat rechtsgeldig de strekking van de ongeldige bepaling het meest nabij komt. MPM is gerechtigd de Verkoopvoorwaarden te wijzigen. Deze wijziging zal van toepassing zijn vanaf het moment dat MPM koper daar omtrent heeft geïnformeerd.
Privacy statement MPM International Oil Company B.V.
Last Updated December 19, 2019
MPM International Oil Company and its affiliates respect your concerns about privacy and your right to control the dissemination and other processing of your personal information. References in this Privacy Notice (the 'Notice') to 'MPM Oil', 'we', 'us', and 'our' are references to the entity responsible for the processing of your personal information, which generally is the entity that obtains your personal information.
This Notice applies to the personal information we collect through our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, and offline collection methods that reference this Notice (collectively, the 'Service').
This Notice describes how the Service collects information from you, what types of information it collects, how we may use the personal information, with whom we may share it, the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain, how you may exercise your rights regarding our processing of your personal information, and how you can contact us regarding our privacy practices.
The Service may provide links to other third-party websites and features, or contain third-party cookies, that are not owned or controlled by us. Please review the privacy notices of these third parties to familiarize yourself with their privacy practices.
By using the Service, you acknowledge you have read and understood the terms of this Notice. Please fully review this Notice before you use the Service or submit information to us.
1. Personal information we collect
The types of personal information we may collect through the Service include:
1.1.
Contact information including name, phone and fax number, email and postal address for you or for others (e.g., principals in your business);
1.2.
Information used to create your online account (such as username, password and security question and answer);
1.3.
We collect and store the information that you and other users provide when you and they use and interact with the Service (such as your vehicles, and other information you provide when using the Service);
1.4.
Customer service history;
1.5.
Location data such as data derived from your IP address, country and zip code;
1.6.
Usage data including details on your browser (such as type, version, language); operating system and interface; website from which you are visiting us (referrer URL); webpage(s) you are visiting on our website; date and time of accessing our website and time zone difference; access status/HTTP status code; volume of data transferred; internet protocol (IP) address; and information gathered via cookies;
1.7.
Correspondence-related data such as emails, texts, letters, or responses to surveys and questionnaires; information you provide us by phone or live chat; or your feedback on your experience with the Service, or an MPM Oil facility; and
1.8.
Other personal information contained in content you submit to us (such as through our 'Contact Us' feature, which may include your first name, last name, mobile number, e-mail, and your message).
We use third-party web analytics services in connection with the Service, including Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect data (such as IP addresses) to evaluate use of and interaction with the Service.
Please note that providing personal information to us is voluntary on your part. If you choose not to provide us certain information, we may not be able to offer you certain products and services, and you may not be able to access certain features of the Service.
2. How we use personal information
We do not sell personal information and do not disclose personal information about you except as described here or at the time of collection. We may use the personal information we obtain as follows:
2.1.
Provide and administer our products and services;
2.2.
Process and fulfill orders and keep you informed about the status of your order;
2.3.
Communicate about and administer our products, services, events, programs and promotions (such as by sending alerts, promotional materials, newsletters and other marketing communications);
2.4.
Conduct and facilitate surveys, sweepstakes, contests, focus groups and market research initiatives;
2.5.
Perform data analytics (such as market research, trend analysis, financial analysis and customer segmentation);
2.6.
Provide customer support;
2.7.
Process, evaluate and respond to requests, inquiries and applications;
2.8.
Create, administer and communicate with you about your account (including any purchases and payments);
2.9.
Provide investor services;
2.10.
Conduct marketing and sales activities (including generating leads, pursuing marketing prospects, performing market research, determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns and managing our brand);
2.11.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (such as by administering, enhancing, and improving our products and services; developing new products and services; managing our communications and customer relationships; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);
2.12.
Verify your identity and protect against and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and quality;
2.13.
Conduct investigations and comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies and terms; and
2.14.
Maintain and enhance the safety and security of our products, services, information resources and employees.
We may anonymize or aggregate personal information and use it for the purposes described above and for other purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law. We may also use personal information for additional purposes that we identify at the time of collection. We will obtain your consent for these additional uses to the extent required by applicable law.
Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
The legal basis for MPM Oil processing your personal information as described above will typically be one of the following: (1) your consent; (2) performance of a contract with you or a relevant party; (3) our legitimate business interest; or (4) compliance with our legal obligations.
3. How we share information
We may share your personal information to (internal and external) recipients for the processing purposes described above.
3.1. Within MPM Oil: Depending on the categories of personal information and the purposes for which the personal information has been collected, different internal departments within MPM Oil may receive it (for example, our IT department may have access to usage data; our sales departments may have access to account and order data). Moreover, other MPM Oil departments may have access to certain personal information about you on a need to know basis, such as the legal department, the finance department or internal auditing.
3.2. Sharing with Other Users. The Service may allow users to connect and communicate with others, such as through a message board. If you use any communication features, other users of the Service may be able to view your profile information and your communications that you post to the Service.
3.3. Service Providers. We use third parties to help us operate and improve the Service (e.g., hosting providers, e-commerce service providers and analytics service providers). We may provide these third parties with information we collect and they may collect information from you and about your use of the Service. The processing by these third parties will, unless specifically noted otherwise in this Notice, be governed by a contractual agreement requiring them to process the personal information solely on behalf of MPM Oil when performing the Service, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of MPM Oil.
3.4. Insolvency and Business Transitions. If we ever file for bankruptcy or engage in a business transition such as a merger or joint venture with another company, or if we purchase, sell, or reorganize all or a part of the Service or our business or assets or the business or assets of our affiliates, we may disclose your personal information, including to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions.
3.5. Regulators, authorities and other third parties. We may also transfer your personal information to governmental agencies and regulators (e.g. tax authorities), courts, government authorities, and independent external advisors acting as controllers (e.g., lawyers, accountants, auditors etc.) all in accordance with applicable law.
4. Data transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect and may store such information outside the country in which the information was provided. These countries may have different data protection laws than the country in which the information was provided. If we do so, we will take necessary measures to ensure that such transfers are adequately protected as required by applicable data protection law, including Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission.
5. How we protect personal information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal information was obtained, designed to protect against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal information provided to us through the Service.
6. Your rights
If you have an account with us and would like to update your personal information associated with your account, you may make changes in the 'Account' or 'Settings' portions of the Service. Aside from updates you make, at any time, you may challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal information in our records. If you successfully demonstrate that your personal information in our records is inaccurate or incomplete, we will update the personal information as required. Where appropriate, we will transmit the updated information to third parties having access to your personal information.
If you would like to cancel your Account, request access or a correction to your personal information (other than corrections you can make in the 'My Profile' or 'Settings' portions of the Service), please contact us using the 'Contact Us' feature within the Service. If you do not want your information accessed or stored as described in this Notice, you should not access, use, or register an Account with the Service.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may also have the following rights:
6.1. Right to withdraw your consent. If you have given your consent regarding certain types of processing activities (in particular regarding the receipt of certain direct marketing communications), you can withdraw this consent at any time with future effect. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the consent withdrawal. You can withdraw your consent by clicking on the withdraw option in relevant communication or by contacting your relationship manager (for existing customers).
6.2. Right to request access to your personal data. If provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the personal data. The access information includes "inter alia" the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed. However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of access. You also have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing free of charge.
6.3. Right to request rectification. Where provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
6.4. Right to request erasure (right to be forgotten). Where provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you and we are obliged to erase such data.
6.5. Right to request restriction of processing. Where provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing of your personal information and we are obliged to restrict such processing. In this case, the respective personal information will be marked and may, with the exception of storage, only be processed by us with your consent or for certain purposes.
6.6. Right to request data portability. Where provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit those personal data to another entity without hindrance from us, where the processing is carried out by automated means and is based on consent pursuant.
6.7. Right to object. Where provided by applicable data protection law and under certain circumstances, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your data by us and we are required to no longer process your data. Such right to object especially applies if we collect and process your data for direct marketing purposes. If you have a right to object and if you exercise this right, your data will no longer be processed for such purposes by us. Such a right to object does not exist if the processing of your data is necessary to take steps prior to entering into a contract or to perform a contract already concluded.
To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the contact information at the end of this Notice. Additionally, to the extent the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority in the relevant Member State (e.g., the place where you reside, work, or where an alleged infringement of the GDPR took place).
7. Data retention
Your personal information will be retained as long as necessary to provide you with the services and products requested. Once you have terminated the contractual relationship with us and/or you have deleted your Account, we will remove your personal data from our systems and records and/or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it (unless we need or have a right to keep your information to comply with legal or regulatory obligations to which MPM Oil is subject " e.g., taxation purposes " or to meet our legitimate interests).
8. Additional information
8.1. Children. The Service is intended for users over the age of 18 and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us by using the contact information at the end of this Notice, and we will take steps to remove the information and terminate the child's account.
8.2. California Residents.
a) may contact us by using the contact information at the end of this Notice. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (as defined under that statute) of that California resident, for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the categories of that kind of personal information that was disclosed to them. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request, you may contact us by using the contact information at the end of this Notice.
b) While the Service is not intended for anyone under the age of 18, if you are a California resident under age 18 and you believe your information has become publicly-available through the Service and you are unable to remove it, you may request removal by contacting us at: info@mpmoil.com. When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information is located, so that we can find it. Removal of your content or information from the Service does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete the information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the information or render it invisible to other users and the public.
8.3. Modification of this Notice. We will occasionally update this Notice, in our sole discretion. When we post changes to this Notice, we will revise the 'Last updated date' at the top of this Notice in order to notify you of changes. We recommend that you check the Service from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Notice or any of our other policies. If you do not agree to any update, please do not use the Service; by continuing to access or use the Service after a change to this Notice becomes effective, you agree to and accept the revised Notice as of the Notice Effective Date.
9. How to contact us
If you have questions, concerns or complaints regarding your existing account please contact us using the 'Contact Us' feature within the Service.
If you have questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact our office at:
E-mail:
info@mpmoil.com
Phone number:
+31 (0)15 251 40 30
Contact address:
MPM International Oil Company B.V.
Cyclotronweg 12629 HN
Delft
The Netherlands
Go to
Terms & Conditions
Delivery Terms
Privacy Statement
Close
Home
Language
INT
Search
Mail
Notifications
Account
Home
Products
Product overview
Product recommendation
Product- and safety sheets
Overview
Overview
Bag-in-box
Downloads
News
News
Sports
About
Contact
Work at MPM
Cookie policy
Dealer locator
What are you searching for?
Search
Name
Email address
Company
Phone number
Subject
General
Sales
Courtesy Car
Marketing
Technical
Other
General
Send message
No unread notifications found
Personal details
Edit
Change password
Account type
Notifications
Invites & Requests
Logout
Choose your region
International
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Czechia
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iraq
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Taiwan
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
International
Switch language
Bulgarian
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Latvian
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Ukrainian
English
Welcome, you are currently visiting our international website. Click on continue to proceed.
Welcome, you are currently visiting our international website. Do you prefer another region or language? Please click 'Select another region or language'.
Continue
Select another region or language