Please enable JavaScript to continue.
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Lefant Service agreement
Service Agreement of Lefant Smart Platform
Welcome to Lefant Smart Platform!
Before accepting the Agreement, you are supposed to thoroughly read all contents of the Agreement, and fully know its terms, especially restrictive clauses or exceptions. Restrictive clauses or exceptions are bold or highlighted in other forms to catch your attention. In case of any doubt for the terms of the Agreement, please contact relevant business department of Lefant. You are not allowed to use the service before you have read and accepted all terms of the Agreement, relevant agreements and rules, etc. Once you select "agree and submit the Agreement" (see registration page for detailed wordings) and complete the registration procedure, or you use the service in any form, it will be deemed that you have read and agreed with the restriction of the Agreement and rules above.
In case of any breach of the Agreement, Lefant has the right to unilaterally restrict, suspend or terminate the service for you, and has the right to investigate your relevant responsibilities.
The Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "the Agreement") is signed by you and Hangzhou Lefant Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Lefant"). It includes (but not limited to) Privacy Policy of Lefant Smart Platform and other contents. In case of change, Lefant will announce such change on its official website without further notification. Upon announcement, the changed agreement and rules become a part to the Agreement automatically, without further notification to you for your consent.
In case of objection to such relevant changes, stop use Lefant's service; if you keep using it, it will deemed as that you hold no objections against the changed rules and agree to abide by them.
I. Definitions of Terms
1.1. Licensed Software: It refers to the software system developed by Lefant for you to download from the platform, install and use in the limited system mobile terminal.
1.2. Service: Lefant entertains you. You can use the service on the mobile terminal through the licensed software.
II. Service
2.1. Lefant provides you with Lefant equipment management services. You can control the intelligent terminals connected to the Lefant cloud platform and realize the linkage between intelligent equipment through Lefant. The service includes intelligent equipment management, scenario linkage and analysis report, which may be optimized or modified according to the change of user needs or the unilateral judgment of the service provider, or may be temporarily suspended due to regular and irregular maintenance.
III. Scope of service
3.1. Lefant gives you a right to use the product with respect to the software.
3.2. You may not license, sell, lease, transfer, distribute or use the product in any form for other commercial purposes.
3.3. You can only use the licensed software on the authorized system platform and terminal due to the restrictions of the software adaptation platform and terminal. If you install the licensed software on other terminal equipment, it may damage your hardware or software functions.
3.4. You shall understand that the licensed software can only be used for non-commercial purposes, and you cannot install, use, or run the licensed software for commercial purposes. If necessary, you shall obtain the written authorization and permission of Lefant in advance.
3.5. Lefant will change, upgrade or transfer the licensed software and related functions from time to time, and add new functions or services to the licensed software system. If there is no independent agreement for the above new functions and services, you can still obtain the authorization for the corresponding functions and services, which applies to the Agreement.
3.6. You shall be responsible for the accuracy, reliability, integrity and legitimacy of the input data and the legitimacy of the way you obtain the data, and back up the data and materials regularly. You shall bear all risks for the damage and loss of such data.
3.7. You shall keep your account and password properly. If you find that your account has security risks (including but not limited to the leakage of user password), you shall notify Lefant in time, and Lefant will assist you in taking relevant measures. Otherwise, you shall be responsible for all the behaviors under your account.
IV. The third party
4.1. You have known that some Lefant services may be obtained based on software or services provided by the third party and they are set up and legally authorized by the third party to provide convenience to you.
4.2. The product contains some information and services of the third party. Lefant does not control and is not responsible for the information and services of the third party.
4.3. You understand that Lefant cannot guarantee that the licensed software will permanently use or include such services, nor can it guarantee that it will continue to use other software provided by the same third party in the future, and it may use similar services of other third party. The article applies once the above corresponding software or services are enabled.
V. Specifications of use & services
5.1. You shall standardize the use of licensed software. The following methods violate the use specifications: 1) Release or share computer viruses, worms, malicious code, and software that intentionally damages or changes computer systems or data; 2) Collect information or data of other users, such as e-mail addresses, without authorization; 3) Maliciously use the product in an automated way to cause excessive burden to the server or interfere with or damage the website server and network links in other ways; 4) Make attempt to access the server data or communication data of the product without authorization; 5) Interfere with or destroy the use of other users of the product.
5.2. You understand and agree that: 1) Lefant will determine whether you are suspected of violating the above use specifications, and suspend or terminate your use license or take other restrictive measures as agreed according to the determination results. 2) Lefant will directly delete the information released when you use the licensed software that is suspected of violating the law, infringing the legal rights of others or violating the Agreement. 3) In case of any damage caused to any third party due to the violation of the above use specifications, you need to independently assume legal liability in your own name, and ensure that Lefant will not suffer losses or increase expenses; otherwise Lefant has the right to recover from you. 4) If you cause Lefant to suffer any losses in violation of relevant laws or the provisions of the Agreement, you shall compensate Lefant for the losses and / or expenses caused thereby.
VI. Specification on information content
6.1. You promise not to use the service for any illegal or improper activities, including but not limited to the following:
6.1.1. Upload, transmit or share information containing one of the following: 1) Be opposed to the basic principle specified in the Constitution; 2) Endanger state security, leak state secrets, subvert state power and undermine state unification; 3) Damage the national honor and interests; 4) Being related to hatemongering, ethnic discrimination and destruction of national unity; 5) Destroy the national religious policy and publicize the heresy and feudalistic superstition; 6) Spread rumors, disturb the social order and undermine the social stability; 7) Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism or incite crime; 8) Insult or slander another person or infringe upon the lawful rights of others; 9) Containing false, fraudulent, harmful, coercive, harassed, abused, slanderous, coarse, salacious or other repulsive contents morally and those infringing on others’ privacy; 10) Contain any other content restricted or prohibited by Chinese laws, regulations, rules, codes or any legally effective norms.
VII. Privacy policy and data
7.1. It is important for Lefant to protect your personal information. Lefant has formulated the Lefant Privacy Policy, which has made important disclosure on the ownership and protection of intellectual property rights, collection, use, sharing, storage and protection of your information. It is recommended that you read the Lefant Privacy Policy in its entirety.
VIII. Exceptions
8.1. Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations expressly, Lefant will make its best efforts to ensure that the licensed software and the technology and information involved are safe, effective, accurate and reliable, but cannot guarantee it due to the limit of the existing technology.
8.2. You understand that Lefant cannot be liable for your direct or indirect losses caused by force majeure and third party.
8.3. Personal injury or incidental and indirect damages caused by or related to any of the following circumstances shall be borne by you: 1) Unauthorized use of licensed software or change of your data by the third party; 2) Expenses and losses arising from the use of the licensed software; 3) Your misunderstanding of the licensed software; 4) Other losses related to the licensed software not caused by Lefant.
8.4. Any other software derived from licensed software that is not developed and officially released by Lefant or authorized by Lefant is illegal. It may lead to unpredictable risks if you download, install and use such software. The legal liabilities and disputes arising therefrom have nothing to do with Lefant, and Lefant has the right to suspend and terminate the license and / or all other services.
8.5. You know that the use of Lefant involves Internet services, which may be affected by unstable factors in various links. Although Lefant has taken security measures, the service may still be suspended, interrupted, delayed, restricted or unavailable due to the inherent defects of Internet and electronic communication and the time unreasonably controlled by either party hereto (including but not limited to fire, flood, terrorist attack, plague, natural disaster, riot, terminal virus, hacker attack, network failure and terminal failure). You hereby undertake the above risks and agree that Lefant shall not be liable to you if the above risk events affect the normal operation of the service.
IX. Termination of the agreement and responsibility for breach of contract
9.1. You shall understand that you need to use the licensed software within the scope of authorization, respect the intellectual property rights of the software and the contents of the software, use the software according to specifications, and perform obligations according to the Agreement during the use of Lefant services. Lefant will terminate the license if you seriously violate the Agreement.
9.2. Your using the software depends on the supporting services provided by Lefant's affiliated companies. If you violate the terms, agreements, rules and notices of Lefant and its affiliated companies, you may not be able to use the licensed software normally, and Lefant has the right to terminate the license. It shall take restrictive measures against your use license and other rights and interests controlled by Lefant in the manner agreed in the Agreement, including suspending or terminating your use license.
9.3. Once you violate the provisions of the Agreement or other agreements signed with Lefant, Lefant may notify Lefant's affiliated companies to take restrictive measures against your rights and interests, including requiring the affiliated companies to suspend or terminate part or all of the services provided for you, and publicize your breach on the websites operated or actually controlled by them in accordance with the law.
9.4. The licensed software can be downloaded by you from the download platform. You need to abide by the agreement of the download platform, system platform and terminal manufacturer on the way and restrictions for you to use the licensed software. If the above third party confirms that you violate the agreement and need Lefant to deal with it, Lefant may terminate your use license at the request of the third party.
9.5. You shall stop using the licensed software and destroy all copies upon termination of this license.
9.6. You must be fully liable for compensation if you violate the terms of the Agreement and cause losses to Lefant or other users.
X. Governing law and severability
10.1. The validity, interpretation, modification, execution and dispute resolution of the Agreement shall refer to general international business practices and / or industry practices.
Lefant Mobile Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 2019-08-18
Updated: 2019-07-19
Lefant Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries ("we", "us", "our", "Lefant") are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes our practices in connection with information privacy on Personal Data we process through your individual use of the following services, products, and related mobile applications (collectively, the "Products"):
Lefant Smart Mobile Application
Smart Life Mobile Application
In this Privacy Policy, "Personal Data" means information that can be used to identify an individual, either from that information alone, or from that information and other information we have access to about that individual. "Smart Devices" refers to those nonstandard computing devices produced or manufactured by hardware manufacturers, with human-machine interface and the ability to transmit data that connect wirelessly to a network, including: smart home appliances, smart wearable devices, smart air cleaning devices, etc. "Apps" refers to those mobile applications developed by Lefant that provide end users remote control to Smart Devices and with the ability to connect to Lefant IoT Platform.
For other branded mobile applications powered by Lefant, our Clients control all the Personal Data collected through our Products. We collect the information under the direction of our Clients and the processing of such information shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which our Clients has engaged us. If you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly.
What Personal Data do we collect
In order to provide our services to you, we will ask you to provide necessary Personal Data that is required to provide those services. If you do not provide your Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services.
1.​ Information You Voluntarily Provide Us
Account or Profile Data
: When you register an account with us, we may collect your name and contact details, such as your email address, phone number, user name, and login credentials. During your interaction with our Products, we may further collect your nickname, profile picture, country code, language preference or time zone information into your account.
Feedback
: When using feedback and suggestion features in our Products, we will collect your email address, mobile phone number and your feedback content to address your problems and solve device failures on a timely basis.
2.​ Information We Collect Automatically
Device Information
: When you interact with our Product, we automatically collect device information, such as the MAC address of your devices, IP address, wireless connectioninformation, operating system type and version, application version number, push notification identifier, log files, and mobile network information.
Usage Data
: During your interaction with our Sites and Services, we automatically collect usage data relating to visits, clicks, downloads, messages sent/received, and other usage of our Sites and Services.
Log Information
: When you use our app, the system and exception log may be uploaded.
Location Information
: We may collect information about your real-time precise or non-precise geo-location when you use our specific Products or Services, such as robot cleaner and weather service.
3.​ Smart Devices Related Information:
Basic Information of Smart Devices
: When you connect your Smart Devices with our Products or Services, we may collect basic information about your Smart Devices such as device name, device ID, online status, activation time, firmware version, and upgrade information.
Information Reported by Smart Devices
: Depending on the different Smart Devices you elect to connect with our Products or Services, we may collect different information reported by your Smart Devices. For example, smart weights or fitness trackers may report your height, weight, body fat mass (BFM), BMI and skeletal muscle mass (SMM); smart cameras may report images or videos captured by it.
Purposes and legal basis for processing Personal Data
The purpose for which we may process information about you are as follows:
Provide You Services
: We process your account and profile data, device information, usage data, location information, and Smart Device related information to provide you with our Products and Services that you have requested or purchased. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.
Improve Our Services
: We process your device information, usage data, location information and Smart Device related information to ensure the functions and safety of our Products, to develop and improve our Products and Services, to analyze the efficiency of our operations, and to prevent and trace fraudulent or inappropriate usage. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contractwith you according to our Terms of Use.
Non-marketing Communication
: We process your Personal Data to send you important information regarding the Services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be important, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our Terms of Use.
Marketing Communication
: We may process your Personal Data to provide marketing and promotional materials to you on our Products and Services. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to opt-out of receiving future communications of that nature. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Additionally, if you consent to participate in our lottery, contest or other promotions, we may use your Personal Data to manage such activities.
Legal Compliance
: We may process your Personal Data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable laws and regulations; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, business and systems; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Who do we share Personal Data with?
At Lefant, we only share Personal Data in ways that we tell you about. We may share your Personal Data with the following recipients:
To our third-party service providers who perform certain business-related functions for us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer support service, e-mail delivery services, and other similar services to enable them to provide services to us.
To our customers and other business partners who provide you, directly or indirectly, with your Smart Devices, and/or networks and systems through which you access and use our Sites and Services.
To an affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In such an event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership, incompatible new uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable laws and regulations; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, business and systems; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
To subsidiaries or affiliates within our corporate family, to carry out regular business activities.
Except for the third parties described above, to third parties only with your consent.
International Transfer of Information Collected
To facilitate our operation, we may transfer, store and process your Personal Data in jurisdictions other than where you live. Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence. When we do so, we will ensure that an adequate level of protection is provided for the information by using one or more of the following approaches:
an agreement on the basis of approved EU standard contractual clauses per GDPR Art. 46. For more information, see here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
If you would like further detail on the safeguards we have in place, you can contact us directly as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights Relating to Your Personal Data
We respect your rights and control over your Personal Data. You may exercise any of the following rights:
Via the “Profile – Personal Center” in our Products (for Product version 3.2 and later)
You do not have to pay a fee and we will aim to respond you within 30 days. If you decide to email us, in your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Data deleted from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Data. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for security purposes.
You may:
Request access to the Personal Data that we process about you;
Request that we correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you;
Request deletion of Personal Data about you;
Request restrictions, temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all Personal Data about you;
Request transfer of Personal Data to you or a third party where we process the data based on your consent or a contract with you, and where our processing is automated;
Opt-out or object to our use of Personal Data about you where our use is based on your consent or our legitimate interests.
Security
We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your Personal Data. Lefant provides various security strategies to effectively ensure data security of user and device. As for device access, Lefant proprietary algorithms are employed to ensure data isolation, access authentication, applying for authorization. As for data communication, communication using security algorithms and transmission encryption protocols and commercial level information encryption transmission based on dynamic keys are supported. As for data processing, strict data filtering and validation and complete data audit are applied. As for data storage, all confidential information of users will be safely encrypted for storage. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised)
Data Retention
We process your Personal Data for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the data for a longer retention period. We determine the appropriate retention period based on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your Personal Data, and after the retention period ends, we will destruct your Personal Data. When we are unable to do so for technical reasons, we will ensure that appropriate measures are put in place to prevent any further such use of your Personal Data.
Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
).
Changes to this Policy Policy
For European Union data subject, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority concerning Lefant’s data processing activities. For questions, or to exercise your rights as an EU data subject, please contact our EU Representative here:
Name: Data Protection Representative
Cancel
Cancel
OK