Privacy Policy version: 20th of May, 2023
Who are we?
We are Vedas Apps Ltd trading as “AnkiPro”. For privacy queries, you can contact us at support@ankipro.net. Other contact details are on our website.
What’s the purpose of this policy?
It tells you what to expect when we collect personal information from users of our app/services. Please only use them if you are completely happy with this policy.
Generally, the policy covers only information provided to us. If you give personal information to other people, such as payment providers or other websites, please check their privacy policies.
Might the policy change?
Yes. We will take reasonable steps to give you notice of the new version.
What do we collect?
Information which you upload to our service or otherwise give us such as:
your name and contact details;
other information you provide during onboarding/registration, or otherwise, such as a profile photo and/or information about the subjects you wish to study, your study goals, exams etc;
account information such as your username and password;
details about your transactions on our service;
your friend’s information if you use our “refer a friend” or similar service;
personal information that you include in your flashcards or otherwise provide for display on our service or include in communications with us including surveys and feedback; and
contact or other information which you give or allow us to use for newsletters or other marketing.
Automated information about your use of our service such as: the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, connection information such as browser type and version, information about your device including device-type and device identifier, operating system and platform, mobile network data, a unique reference number linked to the data you enter on our system, login details, the site from which you arrived at our service, details of your activity with date / time stamps including pages you visited and your searches / transactions.
We may receive limited information about you from our payment/ authentication providers (for verification purposes) or from other companies if you log in via social media/other websites. This information may include your name and email address.
What’s our reason / legal basis for collecting the information?
Because it’s necessary to take steps at your request to enter into a contract with you and/or to perform such a contract. This applies to information such as initial enquiries and to account, contact and transaction information.
Because it’s in our “legitimate interests”, e.g., sending you marketing communications about our similar products/services, managing and improving our service including tracking usage patterns and preventing or detecting fraud or abuse. This applies to information such as contact details, automated usage data as well as to information that you display on our service and to “refer a friend” contact details and to surveys and feedback.
Because you’ve specifically agreed on our service (e.g., by selecting a consent box). This may apply to contact or other information that you specifically agree to us using for certain kinds of marketing. You can withdraw permission at any time as explained on our service or by emailing us at the above email address.
Because it’s necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations.
How long do we keep personal information?
Unless we say otherwise on our Service or there is a good reason to do so, we will generally delete your information when our contact with you ends (i.e., your account is deleted).
We will keep your information that we use for email newsletters or other marketing until you tell us to stop sending you such messages.
We will generally keep automated browsing information for up to 36 months.
Even if your account is deleted, any flashcards you have shared (including any personal information associated with them) will remain available to other Users.
To whom do we send or make available your personal information?
To other people who supply us with services, e.g., website/app hosting and management, app admin, payment, customer service, messaging, chat, email distribution, e-commerce, online advertising, analytics, social media, etc.
To other businesses to enable them to send you marketing messages, if you have given permission. You can withdraw permission at any time as explained on our service or by emailing us at the above email address.
To other users of our service if you:
share any flashcard decks via our library or a link, in which case (1) your name/username (which may include your real name) and profile photo may be displayed in conjunction with your deck and (2) any personal information within your flashcards will be visible to other Users; or
include your personal information in any other public action on our service, e.g., in a post/comment.
To regulators, the police and other law enforcement or official authorities to help deal with fraud and abuse and/or comply with legal requirements and/or to protect us or others.
To insurers and professional advisers in connection with our insurance cover or to deal with legal claims.
To potential buyers so far as reasonably necessary, in the case of an actual or proposed (including negotiations for a) sale or merger or business combination involving all or the relevant part of our business.
Do we send your information outside the UK?
Your personal information (e.g., name, username, contact details, IP address, browsing information) is transferred to companies outside the UK (generally to the US) that provide us with the services mentioned above (see: To whom do we send or make available your personal information?). Where this happens, we will ensure that there is a legal basis to do so, for example under contracts with standard contractual clauses sanctioned by the Information Commissioner that are designed to provide adequate safeguards for your personal information.
What rights do you have?
If the legal requirements are met: To ask us for access to your personal information, to rectify it if there are mistakes, to delete it or restrict its use in certain circumstances or to “data portability” or to withdraw any consent you’ve given (e.g., marketing).
You may also have the right to object to use of your personal information in certain circumstances.
If you have a complaint about how we are dealing with your personal information, please contact us via the email address above. If you are not happy with our response or think we are not handling your personal information in accordance with the law, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
For more information about your rights, visit the ICO’s website:
www.ico.org.uk
.
Who are we?
What’s the purpose of this policy?
Might the policy change?
What do we collect?
What’s our reason / legal basis for collecting the information?
How long do we keep personal information?
To whom do we send or make available your personal information?
Do we send your information outside the UK?
What rights do you have?