Skip to main content
Chessvision.ai
Tutorial
Blog
Chrome Extension
eBook Reader
iOS App
Android App
Video App
Last modified: March 14, 2022
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Chessvision.ai Scanner ("App") Collects, Uses, Stores, and Shares information collected from users (each, a "User").
This privacy policy applies to:
"Chessvision.ai Chess Scanner" for iOS
"Chessvision.ai Chess Scanner" for Android
As users of many other internet services, we recognize that privacy is extremely important. Further details of App's privacy policy are outlined below.
How We Collect, Use, Store, and Share the Data
Contact data
The app uses authentication to provide services to you. The authentication provider is
Firebase
. Depending on the authentication method you choose we collect:
your email address except when you sign in with Apple with an anonymized email
your name if you choose to sign in with Google and have a name associated with your Google account
your name if you choose to sign in with Apple and decide to share your name
Besides that, Firebase creates a unique identifier for your account.
Photos
When you use the Scan functionality in our App, a photo taken or selected by you is sent to our servers for analysis purposes. The photos are sent using
Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS)
that is used for secure communication over a computer network. The servers analyze the photo and respond with the recognized chess position, if any, in the FEN format. We do not store and do not share photos. We may store the
FEN
describing the chess position recognized in the photo.
Diagram Library
The app lets you save diagrams to your personal library. In order to provide this functionality, the diagrams you decided to save are stored in the
FEN
format, along with basic metadata, including the name of the diagram, creation time, last opened time)
Purchases
We use
RevenueCat
service to help us process and handle purchases on both iOS and Android platforms. Therefore, we collect Purchase History and share it with RevenueCat for the sole purpose of App Functionality and Analytics. This data is linked with your unique user identifier.
Usage statistics
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store information to track usage statistics, for example, how many Users opened the app. For that purpose, we exclusively use Google Analytics. This data is not linked to you.
You can read how Google uses information from the App here:
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about them. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact us
Please contact us at
hello@chessvision.ai
with any questions regarding our privacy policy.