MobiTeach
Digital Product Privacy Policy
Home
/
Digital Product Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Mobiteach LLC
Mobiteach LLC takes your privacy seriously. We are committed to safeguarding your privacy, and this privacy policy explains our data collection, use, and disclosure practices.
This policy covers:
important information and who we are, the information we collect
how and why we collect and use the information, your legal rights
how we protect children’s online privacy
1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Mobiteach LLC provides its service (the “Service”) to you, subject to the Terms of Service, and the following Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes will be posted on our website (the “Site”). You can review the most current version of the Privacy Policy at any time here www.mobiteach.ltd/privacypolicy/. Your continued use of the Service or the Site after any such changes have been made constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. Words beginning with capital letters in this Privacy Policy which are not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms of Service.
Mobiteach LLC is the controller and is responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “MobiTeach”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy). Our website and software may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE
2.1 Personal Data
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
2.2 Cookies
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience and see which areas and features of our Services are popular. We also collect information using Google Analytics (link to the privacy policy https://privacy.google.com/businesses/processorterms/)
To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third-party partners, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
2.3 Aggregated Data
We collect data on the use of the application by means of software from external suppliers to detect and correct errors to improve our applications. However, no data are collected in the process from which any external supplier could directly establish any personal connection. In this way, we receive aggregated information on how the apps are used and which features are especially popular, and from this information, we can draw conclusions for future improvements in product development. You can prevent this analysis by changing this in “settings” on the mobile device on which the app is installed.
In addition, we will also be informed if apps crash – if you have enabled this through your device settings. These so-called crash reports are provided by external suppliers. However, no data are processed from which any external supplier could derive any personal connection.
2.4 Information we collect automatically through the App
When you access or use the App, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log-in information: We collect information about your use of the App, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times, and your IP address.
Device information: We collect information about the device you use to access the App, including information about the device’s software and hardware, unique device identifiers, push or other device tokens, mobile network information and time zone.
Usage information: We collect information relating to your use of the App at an aggregated level only.
Bugs information: We collect information to determine where and how you encountered bug when using our mobile application.
This data helps us to provide you with the best service.
Services that are used to collect information. Read the Privacy Policy of these services:
Google – https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Oath – https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
Unity – https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
2.5 Third-party advertising
MobiTeach reserves the right to display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the relevant targeting criteria (for example, men ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area). MobiTeach does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad.
However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
When you use our Services, you might also use third party services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google Play Services and Game Center. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information. You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
Below is our business partner that we actively share user information, site and app usage data with:
Admob / Adsense: located in United States; Read their Privacy Policy at; https://www.google.com/adsense/new/localized-terms
Facebook: located in the United States; Read their Privacy Policy at; https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy
3. INFORMATION USE
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App
Develop new apps, sites and services
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages
Provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you
Personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App
Link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accepting our Privacy Policy or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information.
4. IN APP PURCHASE
Some of our products offer in-app purchases. Examples of in-app purchases are items you can purchase (for real currency) or other additional features. If you don’t want to make in-app purchases, don’t use these paid-for options and consider disabling in-app purchases on your device.
In the case of payment processing, the data for processing the payment transaction are forwarded to the payment services provider if you do not supply the data directly. If you send your payment data directly to the payment services provider, we receive only very limited data. In such cases, we are merely informed whether or not the transaction relating to a specific transaction number has actually taken place. In such cases we do not receive your account data.
5. STORAGE OF INFORMATION
MobiTeach LLC will store anonymous data collected through our services, including activity data that MobiTeach LLC can use in some way to improve the service. Information, data from anonymous exams, including test results, will be maintained indefinitely for MobiTeach LLC to improve educational services, as well as for research and analysis.
6. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Mobiteach LLC or others
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company
If you log into the App using a third-party service, such as Facebook, Google Play Services, etc, we may share information provided by those services with other players for certain in-app features, such as achievements and leaderboards.
7. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
MobiTeach LLC takes reasonable steps to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, and destruction.
At the same time, the user should be aware of the fact that one hundred percent protection against attacks cannot be guaranteed because of the continual appearance of new viruses and other means of attacking the protected data systems of Internet services.
8. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. Please note that due to caching systems, search engines, the interposition of proxy servers and the like, deleted data may continue to remain accessible even though they are no longer present within our systems.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will notify you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us as detailed below. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within 30 days. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
9. SAFEGUARDING CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
MobiTeach provides some features and services intended for use by children. MobiTeach uses age-gating to restrict what services are available to children depending on the age of the user and the applicable laws of their country.
Additionally, MobiTeach will: (1) notify parents or guardians about MobiTeach privacy and information practices regarding children, including what personal data we collect and how we use, share, and protect that personal data; (2) limit our collection of personal data to ensure that we collect no more than is necessary to provide MobiTeach services; (3) obtain parental consent before collecting personal data from children; and (4) allow parents to request that MobiTeach change or delete personal data about their children.
If you permit your child to use one of our apps that is not labeled a Child Safe App, you should disable in-app purchases on your phone and actively monitor your child’s use. You should also familiarize yourself with this privacy policy, as by permitting your child to use our apps you consent to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you don’t agree, please do not permit your child to use our apps.
We are committed to the safety and privacy of the children who use MobiTeach apps. We encourage parents/guardians to actively monitor their children’s online activities.
Your child must never give anyone their information without asking their parent/guardian if it is ok first. Your child mustn’t give anyone their photo or tell anyone their name, email, home address, telephone, school, or any other information about them that could be used to contact them either online or in the real world.
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parents/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information: support@mobiteach.ltd.
10. CONTACTING MOBITEACH
MobiTeach is the trading name of Mobiteach LLC, with registered address at Ukraine, Kyiv.
You may obtain a copy of the personal data held about you that you provide through the Site or otherwise request that MobiTeach updates, makes changes or deletes personal information by sending an email to support@mobiteach.ltd. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, you can contact MobiTeach at the same email address.