Skip to main content
Current Branch:
All branches
Aseer
Jeddah
Hail
Madinah
Riyadh
Dammam
Al Jamia'ah district, Jeddah
Beverly Clinics
Makkah
Abha Clinics
Sanaa
Dubai
Cairo
Sharjah
Ajman
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Dear visitor of Saudi German hospital website , You are subjected by your access to this site to collect and use the information in accordance with our privacy policy, because your visit to this site includes your consent to the terms of this document. With the continued technical and technological development, there may be some changes to the Privacy Policy, but any Future changes will not affect the data collected, and we will inform you that we will notify you directly via the hospital's notification service, if our privacy policy changes, and this will not affect your data.
Privacy and security of user data
We guarantee that we will protect your data from piracy, extortion, or illegal access to third party information. We will request certain data such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number to verify your identity when using this site, And make sure that such data will be used in accordance with these policies, which are necessary to authenticate users, to verify and communicate with the user, so we will not share, disclose, exchange, transmit or share personal information from or to any unauthorized party Specifically by you receiving this information unless required by law or in the event you request services that require disclosure of such data, except as described here in this privacy policy.
Health Information
The hospital provides health information on this site for informational purposes only as a public service to enhance customer service and to promote consumer health. It is not medical advice and is not intended to be a substitute for appropriate medical care by a qualified healthcare professional. The hospital is not responsible for any circumstances resulting from the misuse, interpretation or application of any information presented on this site. Always consult with health care doctors for proper tests. Health and medical needs for you.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
Patient reports obtained from the hospital website are not final reports and are not considered official and are not eligible for any purpose. If you need a copy of the final or official reports, you can request this personally from the Medical Records Department. You can also view the results of the services provided through the site WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR BENEFIT OF CONTENT OR INFORMATION AND NON-INTERFERENCE OF THE SERVER.
Google Analytics
We currently use Google Analytics to understand the needs of the audience and how we can design the content of the website to serve these needs.
Book Now