Last Updated: May 3, 2023
Allergy Translation Inc. (“we” or “us”) respects the privacy of all individuals. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose and safeguard your information when you use www.equaleats.com, along with any related websites, applications or services delivered to you by us that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Website”). For clarity, the term “Website” does not include any sites owned or operated by third parties. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using the Website or our services, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as set out in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy forms a part of and is incorporated into our Terms of Service, and any capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Service. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE OR ACCESS THE WEBSITE.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
This Policy applies to our collection, use and disclosure of the personal information of individuals who visit the Website. We may collect the following information from visitors to the Website:
As with most websites, when you visit the Website, we may gather certain information and store it in log files.
This information may include but is not limited to (anonymized) Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
We may use cookies and other information gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with the Website and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You can control how websites use cookies by configuring your browser’s privacy settings (please refer to your browser’s help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, some or all of the Website may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests.
When you visit the Website, we may use (and authorize third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixel tags, scripts, tags and other similar technologies. Such technologies allow us and third parties to automatically collect information about you (such as your IP address, device unique identifiers and your online behavior), in order to enhance your navigation on the Website, improve the Website’s performance and customize your experience on the Website, as well as for behavioral advertising and fraud prevention purposes. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of the Website, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your Interests and administer services to our users, advertisers, publishers and partners.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and store information that you may provide on the Website, including but not limited to the following information:
Personal Data -
Some personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily provide are collected when you register with or use the Website or complete a transaction through the Webiste. You may also provide us with some personally identifiable information of other people (e.g., if you are sending a gift to someone else). You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Services.
Financial Data -
Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information from the Website. We store only very limited, if any, financial information that we collect. Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processors, Google Pay, VISA, American Express, VISA Debit, and PayPal, among others, and you are encouraged to review their respective privacy policies and contact them directly for responses to your questions.
Device Identifiers -
When you access the Website by or through a device, we may access, collect, monitor or remotely store one or more “device identifiers”. Device identifiers allow us to uniquely identify your device and are used to enhance the Website (including sending updates and information from the Website).
Analytics -
When you access our Website, we may collect information (either directly or using third party services) using logging and cookies which can sometimes be correlated with Personal Information. We use this information to monitor and analyze use and interest in the Website.
Log and Derivative Data -
Our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Website and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Website, the purchases that you make, the products you view, browser type and settings, the date and time the Website was accessed, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF THE INPUTTED INFORMATION, YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE OF THE WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect information from you when you register on our Website, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, or otherwise enter information on our site.
We only process personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected, or authorized, which purpose is mentioned in the aforementioned paragraph. We operate on a “least information necessary to achieve the purpose” principle, with the highest degree of anonymity that is practical in the circumstances. As a general matter, for all categories of data we collect, we may use the information we collect (including personal information, to the extent applicable) to:
process your purchase transactions;
provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Website;
enable you to access and use the Website;
send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners.
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Website and for marketing or advertising purposes;
comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal or prohibited activities;
personalize the Website, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences; and
process for other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We work with other companies who help us run our business (“Service Providers”). Service Providers may help us store information (such as cloud storage companies), deliver support, monitor and analyze the performance of the Website and otherwise operate and improve the Website. Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy and other applicable confidentiality and security requirements and regulations. In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we may also share your information with others in the following circumstances: with our subsidiaries or affiliates; in connection with a merger, sale, change in control or reorganization of all our part of our business; when we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or as you may otherwise consent from time to time.
NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of consent as determined under the applicable laws where the individual resides (the “Age of Consent”). By accessing, using or interacting with the Website, you affirm that you are not under the Age of Consent. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from an individual under the Age of Consent without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information upon discovery. If you believe that we might have any information from or about an individual under the Age of Consent, then please contact us through the contact details available below.
J
URISDICTION AND CROSS BORDER TRANSFER
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Website you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States and Canada, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information to us, and we encourage you to exercise discretion regarding the personal information you choose to disclose.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to help remember and process the items in the shopping cart. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If users disable cookies in their browser: If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
INTERNET-BASED ADVERTISING
We may use third-party software to serve ads on our Website, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives.  This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Website, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of any updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Website after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
EMAILS AND COMMUNICATION
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by contacting us via email, telephone, or other functions on our website, including any “unsubscribe” buttons. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
HOW TO CONTACT US
We are open to receiving your feedback and comments relating to our Privacy Policy and our Website overall. For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions or if you would like to make a complaint, please
contact us.
Please be advised that you if have a complaint or issue with our Privacy Policy or related privacy practices, you have the right to contact the privacy regulator in your particular jurisdiction including state, province, or country. For example, if you are in Ontario, Canada you may contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://equaleats.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Privacy policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, Dietary Information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from
ALL
correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.equaleats.com
Contact
Last Edited on 2021-01-21
X
Time to upgrade, it’s free!
Simply click on the top left of the extension and register to get access to 10 shortcuts. Your email will remain secure, but we might get in touch for your feedback!
icon-X
"Close (esc)"
icon-X
icon-chevron
icon-X
Privacy policy
Adoric Bundles Embed