Tiny Wings+ Privacy Policy
Last modified: 8th September, 2021
‌
Andreas Illiger (”Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”) respects your
            privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance
            with this policy. This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when
            you use or play Company’s game, Tiny Wings (the “Game”), through
            Apple Inc.’s Apple Arcade system, including, where applicable,
            related Apple services such as Game Center and iCloud (“Apple
            Arcade”).
Our practices for collecting, disclosing, and storing that
            information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in this Game and
            which may be provided in an email by you to Company, and other
            electronic communications sent through or in connection with this
            Game.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
We collect offline or on any other Company apps, games or websites,
            including those that you may access through Apple’s systems.
You provide to or is collected by any third party including Apple
            Arcade.
Our other websites, games, and apps and any such other third
            parties, including Apple Arcade, may have their own privacy policies
            and terms of use, which we encourage you to read before providing
            information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and
            practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If
            you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not use this
            Game. By using and playing this Game, you agree to this privacy
            policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our
            Privacy Policy).
Information We Collect
We collect a limited amount of information from users of our Game
            and/or relating to the performance of our Game, solely to support
            the operations of the Game. This includes Game save data, which is
            saved automatically while you play the game and sent directly to
            Apple Arcade.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information from you
            when you play the Game. If you contact us, for example by emailing
            us or otherwise corresponding directly with Company, we will collect
            the information that you have voluntarily submitted in your
            correspondence. This may include your name, contact information, and
            other information you provide.
Apple Arcade Automatic Collection
When the Game saves your progress, the Game collects and sends
            non-identifiable information such as Game progress data to Apple
            Arcade and its other services, such as iCloud and Game Center, in
            order for Apple Arcade to use such data for, but not limited to,
            saving your game, tracking your achievements, determining your
            status on leaderboards and/or play against other users. This may use
            technology to automatically save, collect, and transfer your data
            that you have provided directly to Apple Arcade. All uses of Apple
            Arcade are subject to Apple Arcade’s Privacy Policy and Terms of
            Use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of
            Apple Arcade or its third-party partners, even if the Game appears
            within and/or is accessible through Apple Arcade. You may decline to
            store data in the Apple Arcade and the iCloud or to send data to
            Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, you must turn off
            iCloud in Apple Settings for our Game. As a result, the Game will no
            longer synchronize between devices. To stop sending data to Game
            Center, you must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings. As a
            result, you will not appear on leaderboards.
Information We Store
We do not store any gameplay data on any of our
            servers during or after you play the Game. All data (other than
            anonymous or aggregate Game performance data that we may receive) is
            transferred directly to Apple Arcade and used on Apple Arcade’s
            services. If you correspond directly with Company, Company will
            retain information that specifically identifies you for as long as
            needed to provide you with the services you requested and for a
            reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard
            procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to
            resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
If you do not want us to collect this information, do not use the
            Game or send any correspondence to Company.
How We Use Your Information
Except as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy, we use the
            information detailed in this Policy solely to support the operation
            of the Game or to respond to a correspondence directly from you.
Children Under the Age of 16
As noted, we do not collect personal data from users through the
            Game, and this includes users under the age of 16. If you believe we
            might have any information from or about a child under 16, please
            contact us at mail@andreasilliger.com.
Disclosure of Your Information
As noted above, Game save data is collected by and shared with Apple
            Arcade as described in this policy. No other sharing, distribution,
            sale, rental or transfer of such data is undertaken by Company for
            any other purpose.
To the extent we have information that specifically identifies you,
            the only time that we may disclose information that you have
            provided to Company would be:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to
            respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
            between you and Company.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
            rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, or others.
In connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or the sale, merger, or
            change of control of Company, the Game, or division responsible for
            the Game with which your information is associated.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your information
            from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration,
            and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via
            the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although
            we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information,
            we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted.
            Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are
            not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or
            security measures we provide.
Additional Disclosures
The following section applies to all users. IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN
            THE EEA OR THE UK, IN PARTIULCAR, THIS SECTION APPLIES TO OUR
            COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND ADDITIONAL
            RIGHTS YOU HAVE UNDER APPLICABLE EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LAW.
Legal Basis:
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most
            commonly, we will use your personal data in the following
            circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or
            have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a
            third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not
            override those interests.
Where you have consented to a certain use of your personal data.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
To the extent permitted under applicable laws, we will also process,
            transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data when we have a good
            faith belief that doing so is necessary.
Data controller:
Company is the data controller of all personal data collected:
            through the Game; provided in an email by you to us; and of other
            electronic communications sent through or in connection with the
            Game. To contact us, please see the section titled “Contact
            Information”.
If you are situated in the EEA or UK and have any complaints
            regarding our privacy practices, you have the right to make a
            complaint at any time to your local supervisory authority. We would,
            however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you
            approach your supervisory authority, so please contact us in the
            first instance. If you have a complaint, our privacy manager can be
            contacted here: mail@andreasilliger.com.
Provision of personal data and failure to provide personal data:
Where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of
            a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when
            requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are
            trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our
            services). In this case, we may not be able to provide certain
            services to you.
Collection of personal data from third-party sources:
We do not collect personal data about you through public or
            third-party sources.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal data, you
            have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us
            at mail@andreasilliger.com.
Data Transfer:
We may transfer personal data from the EEA/UK to the USA and other
            countries, some of which have not been determined by the European
            Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. Where we
            use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts
            approved by the European Commission which give personal data the
            same protection it has in Europe.
Use of your personal data for marketing purposes:
We do not collect or use personal data for marketing or advertising.
Data Subject Rights:
As a data subject, you have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data
            subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the
            personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully
            processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This
            enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about
            you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new
            data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to
            delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us
            continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to
            delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully
            exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we
            may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are
            required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note,
            however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request
            of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you,
            if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a
            legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is
            something about your particular situation which makes you want to
            object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your
            fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object
            where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing
            purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling
            legitimate grounds to process your information which override your
            rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This
            enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal
            data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the
            data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you
            do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data
            even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish,
            exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use
            of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding
            legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third
            party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen,
            your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable
            format. Note that this right only applies to automated information
            which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used
            the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to
            process your personal data. However, this will not affect the
            lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your
            consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide
            certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is
            the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
To exercise your rights, please contact us at mail@andreasilliger.com. Please note
            that in order for you to assert these rights, we may need to verify
            your identity to confirm your right to access your personal data.
            This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not
            disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. In order to
            verify your identity, we may need to gather more personal data from
            you than we currently have.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make
            material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we
            may choose to notify you in one or more of the following ways:
            posting the new privacy policy on this page; notifying you through
            your account; and/or delivering an in-Game alert the first time you
            use the Game after we make the change. The date that the privacy
            policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Contact Information
To ask questions or provide any comment about this privacy policy
            and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Attention: Andreas Illiger
via email: mail@andreasilliger.com
contact form:
contact
Impressum
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.andreasilliger.com/privacypolicy.php:
Privacy Policy
Website:
We do not collect any kind of data.
    If you send us an E-mail by using the contact form 
    on this site your E-mail of course is stored on our server. If you want us to delete your E-mails 
    use the contact form to inform us:
contact
We don't share any of your E-mails or E-mail addresses with anybody. We don't store your E-mail
    address in any database.
iOS Apps:
Our Apps in the Apple App Store don't collect or store any form of private data from the user. 
    Apple might collect data while using our Apps. More details about that is found in the Privacy Policies
    by Apple.
Apple Privacy Policy
Impressum
Privacy Policy