Riassunto della policy
Dati Personali trattati per le seguenti finalità e utilizzando i seguenti servizi:
Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente
Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente
Dati Personali: Permesso Localizzazione approssimativa (non continua); Permesso Localizzazione precisa (non continua)
Pubblicità
AdMob
Dati Personali: Dati di utilizzo; identificatori univoci di dispositivi per la pubblicità (Google Advertiser ID o identificatore IDFA, per esempio); Strumento di Tracciamento
Statistica
Google Analytics for Firebase
Dati Personali: aggiornamenti dell'Applicazione; apertura dell'Applicazione; Dati di utilizzo; durata della sessione; informazioni sul dispositivo; lanci; numero di sessioni; numero di Utenti; regione geografica; sistemi operativi; Strumento di Tracciamento
Informazioni su come disattivare gli annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi
Oltre a qualsiasi funzione di opt-out fornita da uno qualsiasi dei servizi elencati in questo documento, gli Utenti
possono leggere di più su come disattivare gli annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi
nell'apposita sezione della Cookie Policy.
Ulteriori informazioni sul trattamento dei Dati Personali
Notifiche push
Questa Applicazione può inviare notifiche push all'Utente per raggiungere gli scopi descritti nella presente privacy policy.
Nella maggior parte dei casi, gli Utenti possono scegliere di non ricevere notifiche push consultando le impostazioni del proprio dispositivo, come le impostazioni di notifica per i telefoni cellulari, e modificando quindi tali impostazioni per questa Applicazione, per alcune o per tutte le applicazioni presenti sul dispositivo in questione.
Gli Utenti devono essere consapevoli che la disabilitazione delle notifiche push può influire negativamente sull'utilizzo di questa Applicazione.
Informazioni di contatto
Titolare del Trattamento dei Dati
Milazzo Salvatore, Via IV Novembre 175, San Michele di Ganzaria CT, 95040, Italia
Indirizzo email del Titolare:
arieloneproject@gmail.com
Policy completa
Titolare del Trattamento dei Dati
Milazzo Salvatore, Via IV Novembre 175, San Michele di Ganzaria CT, 95040, Italia
Indirizzo email del Titolare:
arieloneproject@gmail.com
Tipologie di Dati raccolti
Fra i Dati Personali raccolti da questa Applicazione, in modo autonomo o tramite terze parti, ci sono:
      Strumento di Tracciamento; Dati di utilizzo; informazioni sul dispositivo; regione geografica; numero di Utenti; numero di sessioni; durata della sessione; apertura dell'Applicazione; aggiornamenti dell'Applicazione; lanci; sistemi operativi; Permesso Localizzazione precisa (non continua); Permesso Localizzazione approssimativa (non continua); identificatori univoci di dispositivi per la pubblicità (Google Advertiser ID o identificatore IDFA, per esempio).
Dettagli completi su ciascuna tipologia di Dati Personali raccolti sono forniti nelle sezioni dedicate di questa privacy policy o mediante specifici testi informativi visualizzati prima della raccolta dei Dati stessi.
I Dati Personali possono essere liberamente forniti dall'Utente o, nel caso di Dati di Utilizzo, raccolti automaticamente durante l'uso di questa Applicazione.
Se non diversamente specificato, tutti i Dati richiesti da questa Applicazione sono obbligatori. Se l’Utente rifiuta di comunicarli, potrebbe essere impossibile per questa Applicazione fornire il Servizio. Nei casi in cui questa Applicazione indichi alcuni Dati come facoltativi, gli Utenti sono liberi di astenersi dal comunicare tali Dati, senza che ciò abbia alcuna conseguenza sulla disponibilità del Servizio o sulla sua operatività.
Gli Utenti che dovessero avere dubbi su quali Dati siano obbligatori sono incoraggiati a contattare il Titolare.
L’eventuale utilizzo di Cookie - o di altri strumenti di tracciamento - da parte di questa Applicazione o dei titolari dei servizi terzi utilizzati da questa Applicazione ha la finalità di fornire il Servizio richiesto dall'Utente, oltre alle ulteriori finalità descritte nel presente documento e nella Cookie Policy.
L'Utente si assume la responsabilità dei Dati Personali di terzi ottenuti, pubblicati o condivisi mediante questa Applicazione.
Modalità e luogo del trattamento dei Dati raccolti
Modalità di trattamento
Il Titolare adotta le opportune misure di sicurezza volte ad impedire l’accesso, la divulgazione, la modifica o la distruzione non autorizzate dei Dati Personali.
Il trattamento viene effettuato mediante strumenti informatici e/o telematici, con modalità organizzative e con logiche strettamente correlate alle finalità indicate. Oltre al Titolare, in alcuni casi, potrebbero avere accesso ai Dati altri soggetti coinvolti nell’organizzazione di questa Applicazione (personale amministrativo, commerciale, marketing, legali, amministratori di sistema) ovvero soggetti esterni (come fornitori di servizi tecnici terzi, corrieri postali, hosting provider, società informatiche, agenzie di comunicazione) nominati anche, se necessario, Responsabili del Trattamento da parte del Titolare. L’elenco aggiornato dei Responsabili potrà sempre essere richiesto al Titolare del Trattamento.
Luogo
I Dati sono trattati presso le sedi operative del Titolare ed in ogni altro luogo in cui le parti coinvolte nel trattamento siano localizzate. Per ulteriori informazioni, contatta il Titolare.
I Dati Personali dell’Utente potrebbero essere trasferiti in un paese diverso da quello in cui l’Utente si trova. Per ottenere ulteriori informazioni sul luogo del trattamento l’Utente può fare riferimento alla sezione relativa ai dettagli sul trattamento dei Dati Personali.
Periodo di conservazione
Se non diversamente indicato in questo documento, i Dati Personali sono trattati e conservati per il tempo richiesto dalla finalità per la quale sono stati raccolti e potrebbero essere conservati per un periodo più lungo a causa di eventuali obbligazioni legali o sulla base del consenso degli Utenti.
Finalità del Trattamento dei Dati raccolti
I Dati dell’Utente sono raccolti per consentire al Titolare di fornire il Servizio, adempiere agli obblighi di legge, rispondere a richieste o azioni esecutive, tutelare i propri diritti ed interessi (o quelli di Utenti o di terze parti), individuare eventuali attività dolose o fraudolente, nonché per le seguenti finalità:
        Statistica, Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente e Pubblicità.
Per ottenere informazioni dettagliate sulle finalità del trattamento e sui Dati Personali trattati per ciascuna finalità, l’Utente può fare riferimento alla sezione “Dettagli sul trattamento dei Dati Personali”.
Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente
A seconda della specifica periferica utilizzata dall’Utente, questa Applicazione potrebbe richiedere alcuni permessi per accedere ai Dati dell’Utente presenti sulla periferica stessa, secondo quanto descritto in seguito.
Tali permessi devono essere forniti dall’Utente prima che qualunque informazione possa essere trattata. In seguito al rilascio, il permesso può essere revocato dall’Utente in qualunque momento. Al fine di revocare i permessi, l’Utente può utilizzare le impostazioni di sistema o contattare il Proprietario ai recapiti indicati nel presente documento.
La procedura per il controllo dei permessi può variare in funzione della periferica e del software utilizzati dall’Utente.
Si prega di considerare che la revoca di uno o più permessi può comportare delle conseguenze sul corretto funzionamento di Questa Applicazione.
Nel caso in cui l’Utente conceda i permessi indicati in seguito, i relativi Dati Personali potranno essere oggetto di trattamento (accesso, modifica o rimozione) da parte di Questa Applicazione.
Permesso Localizzazione approssimativa (non continua)
Utilizzato per accedere alla posizione approssimativa della periferica dell’Utente. Questa Applicazione può raccogliere, usare e condividere la posizione dell’Utente al fine di fornire servizi basati sulla localizzazione.
La posizione geografica dell’Utente è determinata in modo non continuativo. Tale fatto implica che questa Applicazione non può localizzare la posizione approssimativa dell’Utente in modo continuativo.
Permesso Localizzazione precisa (non continua)
Utilizzato per accedere alla posizione precisa della periferica dell’Utente. Questa Applicazione può raccogliere, usare e condividere la posizione dell’Utente al fine di fornire servizi basati sulla localizzazione.
La posizione geografica dell’Utente è determinata in modo non continuativo. Tale fatto implica che questa Applicazione non può localizzare la posizione esatta dell’Utente in modo continuativo.
Dettagli sul trattamento dei Dati Personali
I Dati Personali sono raccolti per le seguenti finalità ed utilizzando i seguenti servizi:
Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente
Questa Applicazione richiede il rilascio di alcuni permessi da parte dell’Utente che, in questo modo, autorizza l’accesso ai Dati presenti sulla propria periferica, nei termini di seguito indicati.
Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente (questa Applicazione)
Questa Applicazione richiede il rilascio di alcuni permessi da parte dell’Utente che, in questo modo, autorizza l’accesso ai Dati presenti sulla propria periferica, come qui riepilogato nonché nei termini indicati in questo documento.
Dati Personali trattati: Permesso Localizzazione approssimativa (non continua); Permesso Localizzazione precisa (non continua).
Categoria di Informazioni Personali raccolte ai sensi del CCPA: dati di geolocalizzazione.
Questo tipo di trattamento costituisce:
Pubblicità
Questo tipo di servizi consente di utilizzare i Dati dell’Utente per finalità di comunicazione commerciale. Queste comunicazioni sono mostrate su questa Applicazione sotto forma di banner e altre forme pubblicitarie, anche in relazione agli interessi dell’Utente.
Ciò non significa che tutti i Dati Personali vengano utilizzati per questa finalità. Dati e condizioni di utilizzo sono indicati di seguito.
Alcuni dei servizi di seguito indicati potrebbero utilizzare Strumenti di Tracciamento per identificare l’Utente o utilizzare la tecnica del behavioral retargeting, ossia visualizzare annunci pubblicitari personalizzati in base agli interessi e al comportamento dell’Utente, rilevati anche al di fuori di questa Applicazione. Per avere maggiori informazioni in merito, ti suggeriamo di verificare le informative privacy dei rispettivi servizi.
Generalmente i servizi di questo tipo offrono la possibilità di disattivare tale tracciamento. Oltre a qualsiasi funzione di opt-out fornita da uno qualsiasi dei servizi elencati in questo documento, l’Utente può leggere di più su come disattivare gli annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi nell'apposita sezione "Come disattivare la pubblicità basata sugli interessi" in questo documento.
AdMob
AdMob è un servizio di advertising fornito da Google LLC oppure da Google Ireland Limited, a seconda di come il Titolare gestisce il trattamento dei Dati.
Per una comprensione dell'utilizzo dei Dati da parte di Google, si prega di consultare le
norme per i partner di Google
.
Dati Personali trattati: Dati di utilizzo; identificatori univoci di dispositivi per la pubblicità (Google Advertiser ID o identificatore IDFA, per esempio); Strumento di Tracciamento.
Luogo del trattamento:  Stati Uniti –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
;  Irlanda –
Privacy Policy
.
Categoria di Informazioni Personali raccolte ai sensi del CCPA: identificatori; informazioni su relative alle attività su internet o altri network.
Questo tipo di trattamento costituisce:
una Vendita in California
una Condivisione in California
Statistica
I servizi contenuti nella presente sezione permettono al Titolare del Trattamento di monitorare e analizzare i dati di traffico e servono a tener traccia del comportamento dell’Utente.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics per Firebase, o Firebase Analytics, è un servizio di analisi fornito da Google LLC.
Per una comprensione dell'utilizzo dei dati da parte di Google, si prega di consultare le
norme per i partner di Google
.
Firebase Analytics potrebbe condividere Dati con altri servizi forniti da Firebase tra cui, ad esempio, Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config o Notifications. L’utente può consultare questa privacy policy per avere una descrizione dettagliata degli altri strumenti usati dal Titolare.
Per permettere il funzionamento di Firebase Analytics, questa Applicazione usa alcuni identificatori per periferiche mobili ovvero tecnologie simili ai cookie.
L’Utente può effettuare l’opt-out da alcune funzioni di Firebase mediante le impostazioni del proprio dispositivo mobile. Ad esempio, può modificare le impostazioni sulla pubblicità disponibili sul proprio telefonino, oppure seguire le istruzioni applicabili a Firebase eventualmente presenti all’interno di questa privacy policy.
Dati Personali trattati: aggiornamenti dell'Applicazione; apertura dell'Applicazione; Dati di utilizzo; durata della sessione; informazioni sul dispositivo; lanci; numero di sessioni; numero di Utenti; regione geografica; sistemi operativi; Strumento di Tracciamento.
Luogo del trattamento:  Stati Uniti –
Privacy Policy
.
Categoria di Informazioni Personali raccolte ai sensi del CCPA: informazioni su relative alle attività su internet o altri network; dati di geolocalizzazione.
Questo tipo di trattamento costituisce:
una Vendita in California
Informazioni su come disattivare gli annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi
Oltre a qualsiasi funzione di opt-out fornita da uno qualsiasi dei servizi elencati in questo documento, gli Utenti
possono leggere di più su come disattivare gli annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi
nell'apposita sezione della Cookie Policy.
Ulteriori informazioni sul trattamento dei Dati Personali
Notifiche push
Questa Applicazione può inviare notifiche push all'Utente per raggiungere gli scopi descritti nella presente privacy policy.
Nella maggior parte dei casi, gli Utenti possono scegliere di non ricevere notifiche push consultando le impostazioni del proprio dispositivo, come le impostazioni di notifica per i telefoni cellulari, e modificando quindi tali impostazioni per questa Applicazione, per alcune o per tutte le applicazioni presenti sul dispositivo in questione.
Gli Utenti devono essere consapevoli che la disabilitazione delle notifiche push può influire negativamente sull'utilizzo di questa Applicazione.
Cookie Policy
Questa Applicazione fa utilizzo di Strumenti di Tracciamento. Per saperne di più, gli Utenti possono consultare la
Cookie Policy
.
Ulteriori informazioni per gli utenti
Base giuridica del trattamento
Il Titolare tratta Dati Personali relativi all’Utente in caso sussista una delle seguenti condizioni:
l’Utente ha prestato il consenso per una o più finalità specifiche.
il trattamento è necessario all'esecuzione di un contratto con l’Utente e/o all'esecuzione di misure precontrattuali;
il trattamento è necessario per adempiere un obbligo legale al quale è soggetto il Titolare;
il trattamento è necessario per l'esecuzione di un compito di interesse pubblico o per l'esercizio di pubblici poteri di cui è investito il Titolare;
il trattamento è necessario per il perseguimento del legittimo interesse del Titolare o di terzi.
È comunque sempre possibile richiedere al Titolare di chiarire la concreta base giuridica di ciascun trattamento ed in particolare di specificare se il trattamento sia basato sulla legge, previsto da un contratto o necessario per concludere un contratto.
Ulteriori informazioni sul tempo di conservazione
Se non diversamente indicato in questo documento, i Dati Personali sono trattati e conservati per il tempo richiesto dalla finalità per la quale sono stati raccolti e potrebbero essere conservati per un periodo più lungo a causa di eventuali obbligazioni legali o sulla base del consenso degli Utenti.
Pertanto:
I Dati Personali raccolti per scopi collegati all’esecuzione di un contratto tra il Titolare e l’Utente saranno trattenuti sino a quando sia completata l’esecuzione di tale contratto.
I Dati Personali raccolti per finalità riconducibili all’interesse legittimo del Titolare saranno trattenuti sino al soddisfacimento di tale interesse. L’Utente può ottenere ulteriori informazioni in merito all’interesse legittimo perseguito dal Titolare nelle relative sezioni di questo documento o contattando il Titolare.
Quando il trattamento è basato sul consenso dell’Utente, il Titolare può conservare i Dati Personali più a lungo sino a quando detto consenso non venga revocato. Inoltre, il Titolare potrebbe essere obbligato a conservare i Dati Personali per un periodo più lungo per adempiere ad un obbligo di legge o per ordine di un’autorità.
Al termine del periodo di conservazione i Dati Personali saranno cancellati. Pertanto, allo spirare di tale termine il diritto di accesso, cancellazione, rettificazione ed il diritto alla portabilità dei Dati non potranno più essere esercitati.
Diritti dell’Utente sulla base del Regolamento Generale sulla Protezione dei Dati (GDPR)
Gli Utenti possono esercitare determinati diritti con riferimento ai Dati trattati dal Titolare.
In particolare, nei limiti previsti dalla legge, l’Utente ha il diritto di:
revocare il consenso in ogni momento.
L’Utente può revocare il consenso al trattamento dei propri Dati Personali precedentemente espresso.
opporsi al trattamento dei propri Dati.
L’Utente può opporsi al trattamento dei propri Dati quando esso avviene in virtù di una base giuridica diversa dal consenso.
accedere ai propri Dati.
L’Utente ha diritto ad ottenere informazioni sui Dati trattati dal Titolare, su determinati aspetti del trattamento ed a ricevere una copia dei Dati trattati.
verificare e chiedere la rettificazione.
L’Utente può verificare la correttezza dei propri Dati e richiederne l’aggiornamento o la correzione.
ottenere la limitazione del trattamento.
L’Utente può richiedere la limitazione del trattamento dei propri Dati. In tal caso il Titolare non tratterà i Dati per alcun altro scopo se non la loro conservazione.
ottenere la cancellazione o rimozione dei propri Dati Personali.
L’Utente può richiedere la cancellazione dei propri Dati da parte del Titolare.
ricevere i propri Dati o farli trasferire ad altro titolare.
L’Utente ha diritto di ricevere i propri Dati in formato strutturato, di uso comune e leggibile da dispositivo automatico e, ove tecnicamente fattibile, di ottenerne il trasferimento senza ostacoli ad un altro titolare.
proporre reclamo.
L’Utente può proporre un reclamo all’autorità di controllo della protezione dei dati personali competente o agire in sede giudiziale.
Gli Utenti hanno diritto di ottenere informazioni in merito alla base giuridica per il trasferimento di Dati all'estero incluso verso qualsiasi organizzazione internazionale regolata dal diritto internazionale o costituita da due o più paesi, come ad esempio l’ONU, nonché in merito alle misure di sicurezza adottate dal Titolare per proteggere i loro Dati.
Dettagli sul diritto di opposizione
Quando i Dati Personali sono trattati nell’interesse pubblico, nell’esercizio di pubblici poteri di cui è investito il Titolare oppure per perseguire un interesse legittimo del Titolare, gli Utenti hanno diritto ad opporsi al trattamento per motivi connessi alla loro situazione particolare.
Si fa presente agli Utenti che, ove i loro Dati fossero trattati con finalità di marketing diretto, possono opporsi al trattamento in qualsiasi momento, gratuitamente e senza fornire alcuna motivazione. Qualora gli Utenti si oppongano al trattamento per finalità di marketing diretto, i Dati Personali non sono più oggetto di trattamento per tali finalità. Per scoprire se il Titolare tratti Dati con finalità di marketing diretto gli Utenti possono fare riferimento alle rispettive sezioni di questo documento.
Come esercitare i diritti
Eventuali richieste di esercizio dei diritti dell'Utente possono essere indirizzate al Titolare attraverso  i recapiti forniti in questo documento. La richiesta è gratuita e il Titolare risponderà nel più breve tempo possibile, in ogni caso entro un mese, fornendo all’Utente tutte le informazioni previste dalla legge. Eventuali rettifiche, cancellazioni o limitazioni del trattamento saranno comunicate dal Titolare a ciascuno dei destinatari, se esistenti, a cui sono stati trasmessi i Dati Personali, salvo che ciò si riveli impossibile o implichi uno sforzo sproporzionato. Il Titolare comunica all'Utente tali destinatari qualora egli lo richieda.
Ulteriori informazioni per gli Utenti
  in Brasile
Questa sezione del documento integra e  completa le informazioni contenute nel resto della privacy policy ed è fornita dall’entità che gestisce questa Applicazione e, se del caso, dalla sua capogruppo e dalle sue controllate e affiliate (ai fini di questa sezione denominate collettivamente "noi", "nostro" o "nostra").
Questa sezione si applica a tutti gli Utenti in Brasile (tali Utenti sono indicati di seguito semplicemente come “tu”, “tuo”, "voi" o "vostro"), ai sensi della "Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados e, per tali Utenti, prevale su qualsiasi altra informazione eventualmente divergente o in contrasto contenuta nella presente privacy policy.
In questa parte del documento viene utilizzato il termine “informazioni personali” così come definito dalla
LGPD
.
Basi giuridiche in virtù delle quali trattiamo le tue informazioni personali
Trattiamo le tue informazioni personali esclusivamente nel caso in cui sussita una delle basi giuridiche per tale trattamento. Le basi giuridiche sono le seguenti:
il tuo consenso alle attività di trattamento in questione;
l’adempimento ad obblighi di legge che siamo tenuti a soddisfare;
l’esecuzione di norme dettate da leggi o regolamenti o da contratti, accordi o altri simili strumenti giuridici;
gli studi condotti da enti di ricerca, preferibilmente effettuati su informazioni personali anonimizzate;
l’esecuzione di un contratto e dei relativi adempimenti precontrattuali, qualora tu sia parte di tale contratto;
l’esercizio dei nostri diritti in giudizio, in procedure amministrative o in arbitrati;
la difesa o l’incolumità fisica tua o di un terzo;
la tutela della salute - nel contesto di procedure messe in atto da entità o professionisti del settore sanitario;
il nostro legittimo interesse, a condizione che i tuoi diritti e libertà fondamentali non prevalgano su tali interessi; e
la tutela del credito.
Per sapere di più riguardo alle basi giuridiche, puoi contattarci in qualsiasi momento utilizzando i recapiti forniti in questo documento.
Categorie di informazioni personali trattate
Per sapere quali sono categorie di informazioni personali trattate, puoi fare riferimento alla sezione “Dettagli sul trattamento dei Dati Personali” presente in questo documento.
Perchè trattiamo le tue informazioni personali
Per sapere perchè trattiamo le tue informazioni personali, fai riferimento alle sezioni “Dettagli sul trattamento dei Dati Personali” e “Finalità del Trattamento dei Dati raccolti” presente in questo documento.
I tuoi diritti relativi alla privacy in Brasile, come inoltrare una richiesta e come verrà gestita da noi
I tuoi diritti relativi alla privacy in Brasile
Hai il diritto di:
ottenere conferma della esistenza di attività di trattamento riguardanti le tue informazioni personali;
accedere alle tue informazioni personali;
ottenere la rettifica delle tue informazioni personali incomplete, inaccurate o non aggiornate;
ottenere l’anonimizzazione, il blocco o la cancellazione delle informazioni personali non necessarie o eccessive, o di quelle informazioni che sono trattate in contrasto alle disposizioni della LGPD;
ottenere informazioni riguardo la possibilità di prestare o rifiutare il tuo consenso e le relative conseguenze;
ottenere informazioni riguardo le terze parti con le quali condividiamo le tue informazioni personali;
ottenere, a fronte di una tua richiesta esplicita, la portabilità delle tue informazioni personali (ad eccezione delle informazioni anonimizzate) verso altri fornitori di prodotti o servizi, a condizione che i nostri segreti commerciali e industriali siano salvaguardati;
ottenere la cancellazione delle informazioni personali trattate qualora il trattamento sia stato effettuato sulla base del tuo consenso, a meno che sia applicabile una o più delle eccezioni previste dell’articolo 16 LGPD;
revocare il tuo consenso in qualsiasi momento;
presentare un reclamo riguardante le tue informazioni personali all’ANPD (Autorità Nazionale di Protezione dei Dati) o ad un organismo di tutela dei consumatori;
opporsi ad attività di trattamento nei casi in cui tale trattamento non sia effettuato in conformità alle disposizioni di legge;
richiedere informazioni chiare ed adeguate riguardo ai criteti e alle procedure utilizzate nell’ambito dei processi decisionali automatizzati; e
richiedere la revisione delle decisioni che ledono i tuoi interessi, effettuate esclusivamente sulla base di processi decisionali automatizzati delle tue informazioni personali. Queste includono le decisioni per delineare il tuo profilo personale, professionale, di consumatore o creditore, o altri spetti della tua personalità.
Non sarai mai discriminato, né subirai in alcun modo alcun trattamento che ti sia sfavorevole, a seguito dell’esercizio dei tuoi diritti.
Come inoltrare una richiesta
Puoi inoltrare una richiesta esplicita per esercitare i tuoi diritti a titolo gratuito, in qualsiasi momento, utilizzando i recapiti presenti in questo documento o tramite il tuo legale rappresentante.
Come e in quanto tempo gestiremo la tua richiesta
Faremo il possibile per rispondere alla tua richiesta nel più breve tempo possibile.
In ogni caso, se per noi fosse impossibile farlo, ci assicureremo di comunicarti le ragioni fattuali o legali che ci impediscono di soddisfare immediatamente o di dar seguito alla tua richiesta. Qualora le tue informazioni personali non siano processate da noi, se saremo in grado di farlo, ti indicheremo la persona fisica o giuridica alla quale rivolgere le tue richieste.
Nel caso in cui tu decida di inoltrare una richiesta di
accesso
o una richiesta di
conferma dell’esistenza del trattamento
di informazioni personali, ti preghiamo di assicurarti di specificare se preferisci ricevere le tue informazioni personali in formato elettronico o cartaceo.
Dovrai inoltre farci sapere se desideri una risposta immediata, nel qual caso riceverai una risposta semplificata, o se invece necessiti di una informativa completa.
In quest’ultimo caso, risponderemo entro 15 giorni dal momento della tua richiesta, fornendoti tutte le informazioni riguardanti l’origine delle tue informazioni personali, la conferma o meno dell’esistenza di informazioni personali che ti riguardano, tutti i criteri utilizzati per il trattamento e le finalità di tale trattamento, salvaguardando al contempo i nostri segreti commerciali e industriali.
Nel caso in cui tu decida di inoltrare una richiesta di
rettifica, cancellazione, anonimizzazione o blocco delle informazioni personali
, ci assicureremo di informare immediatamente della tua richiesta le altre parti con le quali abbiamo condiviso le tue informazioni personali in modo che esse possano a loro volta soddisfare la tua richiesta - ad esclusione dei casi in cui una tale comunicazione risulti per noi impossibile o eccessivamente onerosa.
Trasferimento delle informazioni personali al di fuori del Brasile nei casi consentiti dalla legge
Possiamo trasferire le tue informazioni personali al di fuori del territorio brasiliano nel seguenti casi:
quando il trasferimento è necessario per la cooperazione giuridica internazionale tra i servizi di intelligence, gli organi investigativi e di procedura penale, così come previsto dagli stumenti messi a disposizione dal diritto internazionale;
quando il trasferimento è necessario per difendere la vita o l’incolumità fisica tua o di terze parti;
quando il trasferimento è autorizzato dall’ANPD;
quando il trasferimento deriva da un’obbligazione assunta nel contesto di un accordo di cooperazione internazionale;
quando il trasferimento è necessario all’esercizio di un ordine pubblico o per l’espletamento di un pubblico servizio;
quando il trasferimento è necessario per l’adempimento di un obbligo di legge, l’esecuzione di un contratto e dei relativi adempimenti precontrattuali, o il normale esercizio di diritti in sede guidiziaria, amministrativa o in sede arbitrale.
Further information for Users
    in the United States
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The information contained in this section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are residents in the following states:
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana.
For such Users, this information supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term Personal Information
    (and Sensitive Personal Information).
Notice at collection
The following Notice at collection provides you with timely notice about the
categories of Personal Information collected or disclosed in the past 12 months
so that you can exercise meaningful control over our use of that Information.
While such categorization of Personal Information is mainly based on California privacy laws, it can also be helpful for anyone who is not a California resident to get a general idea of what types of Personal Information are collected.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
Strumento di Tracciamento, Dati di utilizzo, informazioni sul dispositivo, regione geografica, numero di Utenti, numero di sessioni, durata della sessione, apertura dell'Applicazione, aggiornamenti dell'Applicazione, lanci, sistemi operativi, varie tipologie di Dati secondo quanto specificato dalla privacy policy del servizio, identificatori univoci di dispositivi per la pubblicità (Google Advertiser ID o identificatore IDFA, per esempio)
Purposes:
Statistica
Ulteriori informazioni sui Dati Personali
Pubblicità
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Google LLC
Service providers or contractors:
this Application
Geolocation data
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
Strumento di Tracciamento, Dati di utilizzo, informazioni sul dispositivo, regione geografica, numero di Utenti, numero di sessioni, durata della sessione, apertura dell'Applicazione, aggiornamenti dell'Applicazione, lanci, sistemi operativi, Permesso Localizzazione approssimativa (non continua)
Sensitive Personal Information collected or disclosed ℹ️:
Permesso Localizzazione precisa (non continua)
Purposes:
Statistica
Permessi per l’accesso ai Dati Personali presenti sulla periferica dell’Utente
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Google LLC
Service providers or contractors:
this Application
Identifiers
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
Strumento di Tracciamento, Dati di utilizzo, identificatori univoci di dispositivi per la pubblicità (Google Advertiser ID o identificatore IDFA, per esempio)
Purposes:
Pubblicità
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Google LLC
ℹ️ You can read the definitions of these concepts inside the “
Definitions and legal references section
” of the privacy policy.
To know more about your rights in particular to opt out of certain processing activities and to limit the use of your sensitive personal information (“Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information”) you can refer to the “
Your privacy rights under US state laws
” section of our privacy policy.
For more details on the collection of Personal Information, please read the section “
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
” of our privacy policy.
We won’t process your Information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes that are not reasonably necessary to and compatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
What are the sources of the Personal Information we collect?
We collect the above-mentioned categories of Personal Information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use this Application.
For example, you directly provide your Personal Information when you submit requests via any forms on this Application. You also provide Personal Information indirectly when you navigate this Application, as Personal Information about you is automatically observed and collected.
Finally, we may collect your Personal Information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.
Your privacy rights under US state laws
You may exercise certain rights regarding your Personal Information. In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, you have:
the right to access Personal Information: the right to know.
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information. You also have the right to access such Personal Information;
the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you;
the right to request the deletion of your Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information;
the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information.
We will provide your Personal Information in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible;
the right to opt out from the Sale of your Personal Information;
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
the right to non-discrimination.
Additional rights for Users residing in California
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in California, you have
The right to opt out of the Sharing of your Personal Information
for cross-context behavioral advertising;
The right to request to limit our use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information
to only that which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer. Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service.
Additional rights for Users residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your personal information for
Targeted Advertising or profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
The right to freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
Additional rights for users residing in Utah and Iowa
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Utah and Iowa, you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your Personal Information for
Targeted Advertising
;
The right to opt out of the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
How to exercise your privacy rights under US state laws
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we must know who you are. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the Personal Information in our possession relates to you. You are not required to create an account with us to submit your request. We will use any Personal Information collected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for verification and shall not further disclose the Personal Information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How to exercise your rights to opt out
In addition to what is stated above, to exercise your right to opt-out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising you can also use the privacy choices link provided on this Application.
If you want to submit requests to opt out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising activities via a user-enabled
global privacy control
, such as for example the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases within the timeframe required by applicable law. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial (where envisaged by applicable law you may then contact the relevant authority to submit a complaint).
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive and in all other cases where it is permitted by the applicable law. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them.
Ulteriori informazioni sul trattamento
Difesa in giudizio
I Dati Personali dell’Utente possono essere utilizzati da parte del Titolare in giudizio o nelle fasi preparatorie alla sua eventuale instaurazione per la difesa da abusi nell'utilizzo di questa Applicazione o dei Servizi connessi da parte dell’Utente.
L’Utente dichiara di essere consapevole che il Titolare potrebbe essere obbligato a rivelare i Dati per ordine delle autorità pubbliche.
Informative specifiche
Su richiesta dell’Utente, in aggiunta alle informazioni contenute in questa privacy policy, questa Applicazione potrebbe fornire all'Utente delle informative aggiuntive e contestuali riguardanti Servizi specifici, o la raccolta ed il trattamento di Dati Personali.
Log di sistema e manutenzione
Per necessità legate al funzionamento ed alla manutenzione, questa Applicazione e gli eventuali servizi terzi da essa utilizzati potrebbero raccogliere log di sistema, ossia file che registrano le interazioni e che possono contenere anche Dati Personali, quali l’indirizzo IP Utente.
Informazioni non contenute in questa policy
Ulteriori informazioni in relazione al trattamento dei Dati Personali potranno essere richieste in qualsiasi momento al Titolare del Trattamento utilizzando gli estremi di contatto.
Modifiche a questa privacy policy
Il Titolare del Trattamento si riserva il diritto di apportare modifiche alla presente privacy policy in qualunque momento notificandolo agli Utenti su questa pagina e, se possibile, su questa Applicazione nonché, qualora tecnicamente e legalmente fattibile, inviando una notifica agli Utenti attraverso uno degli estremi di contatto di cui è in possesso. Si prega dunque di consultare con frequenza questa pagina, facendo riferimento alla data di ultima modifica indicata in fondo.
Qualora le modifiche interessino trattamenti la cui base giuridica è il consenso, il Titolare provvederà a raccogliere nuovamente il consenso dell’Utente, se necessario.
Definizioni e riferimenti legali
Dati Personali (o Dati)
          / Informazioni Personali (o Informazioni)
Costituisce dato personale qualunque informazione che, direttamente o indirettamente, anche in collegamento con qualsiasi altra informazione, ivi compreso un numero di identificazione personale, renda identificata o identificabile una persona fisica.
Informazioni Personali Sensibili
Per Informazioni Personali Sensibili si intendono tutte le Informazioni Personali che non sono disponibili pubblicamente e che rivelano informazioni considerate sensibili ai sensi della normativa applicabile in materia di privacy.
Dati di Utilizzo
Sono le informazioni raccolte automaticamente attraverso questa Applicazione (anche da applicazioni di parti terze integrate in questa Applicazione), tra cui: gli indirizzi IP o i nomi a dominio dei computer utilizzati dall’Utente che si connette con questa Applicazione, gli indirizzi in notazione URI (Uniform Resource Identifier), l’orario della richiesta, il metodo utilizzato nell’inoltrare la richiesta al server, la dimensione del file ottenuto in risposta, il codice numerico indicante lo stato della risposta dal server (buon fine, errore, ecc.) il paese di provenienza, le caratteristiche del browser e del sistema operativo utilizzati dal visitatore, le varie connotazioni temporali della visita (ad esempio il tempo di permanenza su ciascuna pagina) e i dettagli relativi all’itinerario seguito all’interno dell’Applicazione, con particolare riferimento alla sequenza delle pagine consultate, ai parametri relativi al sistema operativo e all’ambiente informatico dell’Utente.
Utente
L'individuo che utilizza questa Applicazione che, salvo ove diversamente specificato, coincide con l'Interessato.
Interessato
La persona fisica cui si riferiscono i Dati Personali.
Responsabile del Trattamento (o Responsabile)
La persona fisica, giuridica, la pubblica amministrazione e qualsiasi altro ente che tratta dati personali per conto del Titolare, secondo quanto esposto nella presente privacy policy.
Titolare del Trattamento (o Titolare)
La persona fisica o giuridica, l'autorità pubblica, il servizio o altro organismo che, singolarmente o insieme ad altri, determina le finalità e i mezzi del trattamento di dati personali e gli strumenti adottati, ivi comprese le misure di sicurezza relative al funzionamento ed alla fruizione di questa Applicazione. Il Titolare del Trattamento, salvo quanto diversamente specificato, è il titolare di questa Applicazione.
Questa Applicazione
Lo strumento hardware o software mediante il quale sono raccolti e trattati i Dati Personali degli Utenti.
Servizio
Il Servizio fornito da questa Applicazione così come definito nei relativi termini (se presenti) su questo sito/applicazione.
Vendita
Per Vendita si intende qualsiasi scambio di Informazioni Personali da parte del Proprietario a
un terzo, in cambio di denaro o a diverso titolo oneroso
, come definito dalla normativa statale statunitense applicabile in materia di privacy. Si prega di notare che lo scambio di Informazioni Personali con un fornitore di servizi ai sensi di un contratto scritto che soddisfa i requisiti stabiliti dalla legge applicabile, non costituisce una Vendita delle tue Informazioni Personali.
Condivisione
Per Condivisione si intende qualsiasi condivisione, affitto, rilascio, divulgazione, diffusione, messa a disposizione, trasferimento o diversa comunicazione verbale, per iscritto o con mezzi elettronici o di altro tipo, delle Informazioni Personali di un consumatore da parte dell'azienda a un
terzo per la pubblicità comportamentale cross-context
, sia in cambio di denaro che ad altro titolo oneroso, comprese le transazioni tra un'azienda e un terzo relative alla pubblicità comportamentale cross-context in favore di un'azienda in cui non si scambia denaro, come definito dalle leggi sulla privacy della California. Si prega di notare che lo scambio di Informazioni Personali con un fornitore di servizi ai sensi di un contratto scritto che soddisfa i requisiti stabiliti dalle leggi sulla privacy della California, non costituisce una condivisione delle Informazioni Personali dell'utente.
Pubblicità mirata
Per Pubblicità mirata si intende la visualizzazione di annunci pubblicitari a un consumatore per cui l'annuncio è selezionato in base alle Informazioni Personali ottenuti dalle attività di tale consumatore nel tempo e su siti web o applicazioni online non affiliati per prevedere le preferenze o gli interessi di tale consumatore, come definito dalla legge statale statunitense in materia di privacy applicabile.
Unione Europea (o UE)
Salvo ove diversamente specificato, ogni riferimento all’Unione Europea contenuto in questo documento si intende esteso a tutti gli attuali stati membri dell’Unione Europea e dello Spazio Economico Europeo.
Cookie
I Cookie sono Strumenti di Tracciamento che consistono in piccole porzioni di dati conservate all'interno del browser dell'Utente.
Strumento di Tracciamento
Per Strumento di Tracciamento s’intende qualsiasi tecnologia - es. Cookie, identificativi univoci, web beacons, script integrati, e-tag e fingerprinting - che consenta di tracciare gli Utenti, per esempio raccogliendo o salvando informazioni sul dispositivo dell’Utente.
Riferimenti legali
La presente informativa privacy è redatta sulla base di molteplici ordinamenti legislativi.
Ove non diversamente specificato, questa informativa privacy riguarda esclusivamente questa Applicazione.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.iubenda.com/it/generatore-di-privacy-e-cookie-policy:
×
Informativa
Noi e terze parti selezionate utilizziamo cookie o tecnologie simili per finalità tecniche e, con il tuo consenso, anche per altre finalità come specificato nella
cookie policy
.
Usa il pulsante “Accetta” per acconsentire. Usa il pulsante “Rifiuta”  o chiudi questa informativa per continuare senza accettare.
Premi ancora per continuare 0/1
Scopri di più e personalizza
Rifiuta
Accetta
×
Il modo più semplice per
configurare Google Consent Mode v2
. Inizia subito a misurare il traffico su Google Analytics e le conversioni di Google Ads anche per gli utenti che non danno il consenso.
Configura Google Consent Mode v2
Configura Google Consent Mode v2
×
Il Generatore di Privacy e Cookie Policy di iubenda
La soluzione per redigere, aggiornare e gestire la tua Privacy e Cookie Policy
Per il GDPR
PER IL CCPA
Per la LGPD
per la LPD
Genera e gestisci facilmente una Privacy e Cookie Policy professionale, aggiornata automaticamente, personalizzabile grazie a oltre 2000 clausole, disponibile in fino a 27 lingue, redatta da un team legale internazionale e allineata alle principali normative internazionali.
Funzionalità
Panoramica legale
Prezzi
Non sai esattamente di cosa hai bisogno?
Guida introduttiva
Inizia la generazione
Scelto da oltre 140.000 clienti in più di 100 Paesi
Guarda il nostro video panoramica
È un obbligo di legge
Siti web e app mobile sono obbligati dalle principali legislazioni internazionali a predisporre una Privacy e Cookie Policy
Le policy non sono valide senza le informazioni necessarie
Per essere valida, la tua privacy policy deve descrivere i dati personali raccolti, le finalità del trattamento ed elencare tutti i servizi di terza parte con cui tali dati vengono condivisi
La mia legislazione è coperta?
Facciamo tutto il possibile per coprire ogni legislazione nazionale seguendo le linee guida più stringenti adottate da ciascun Paese. Inoltre controlliamo regolarmente le principali normative internazionali (come il GDPR, il CPRA (precedentemente CCPA) e il CalOPPA statunitensi, la Direttiva ePrivacy e l'APP australiano) per assicurarci che le nostre soluzioni soddisfino tutti i requisiti necessari.
Panoramica legale completa
Come funziona
1. Personalizza
Genera la tua Privacy e Cookie Policy attingendo da un database di oltre 2000 clausole già pronte o aggiungendo il tuo testo legale personalizzato. La nostra soluzione ti guiderà passo dopo passo.
Alcune tra le clausole più utilizzate:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Monitoraggio delle conversioni di facebook
Newsletter
2. Integra facilmente
Integra la policy al tuo sito o app utilizzando uno dei nostri widget o inserendola direttamente in una pagina tramite JS o API. I documenti sono ospitati sui nostri server in modo che sia tu che il nostro team legale internazionale possiate mantenerli aggiornati.
5 motivi per cui ospitiamo i tuoi documenti
3. Gestisci e aggiorna
Hai bisogno di segnalare un nuovo servizio di analisi statistica o un nuovo network pubblicitario nella tua policy? Stai per iniziare a inviare newsletter o per aggiungere una nuova lingua? Visita la nostra dashboard per apportare qualunque modifica con un solo click, mentre il nostro team legale si occupa degli aggiornamenti necessari quando la legge cambia.
Generatore di Privacy e Cookie Policy per il GDPR, la Direttiva ePrivacy e il CCPA
Ti aiutiamo a rispettare i requisiti di legge più complessi con un click.
Per il GDPR e la Direttiva ePrivacy (Cookie Law)
Scopri come adeguarti
Il GDPR si applica indipendentemente dal fatto che tu abbia sede nell'UE o utenti europei, e le conseguenze per il mancato adeguamento possono essere molto serie. Il nostro generatore ti evita di fare congetture in materia di conformità e ti permette di creare in pochi minuti privacy e cookie policy conformi al GDPR e alla Direttiva ePrivacy.
Testi in linea con quanto richiesto dal GDPR
Facilmente accessibile da ogni pagina del tuo sito (come richiesto dalla legge)
Una volta attivata la relativa opzione, si integra perfettamente con Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution e il Framework IAB per la gestione dei consensi. E altro ancora
Per il CCPA
Scopri come adeguarti
Spesso paragonato al GDPR europeo, Il California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) offre maggiori tutele e diritti per i consumatori residenti in California e impone alle aziende diversi nuovi requisiti, come gli
obblighi di informativa e di facilitare l'esercizio del diritto di opt-out
. La nostra soluzione ti aiuta a creare privacy policy conformi al CPRA (precedentemente CCPA) grazie a queste caratteristiche:
Testi in linea con quanto richiesto dal CPRA (precedentemente CCPA)
Indica i servizi in uso sul tuo sito che potrebbero essere considerati come vendita di dati personali secondo la CPRA (anteriormente la CCPA), come richiesto dalla legge
Una volta attivata l'opzione nel generatore, la tua privacy policy si aggiornerà automaticamente con le clausole del CPRA (precedentemente CCPA) - non dovrai inserire nuovamente il codice di integrazione sul tuo sito
Funzionalità e vantaggi
Personalizzabile
Scegli tra oltre 2000 clausole pre-configurate disponibili in fino a 27 lingue o, se non trovi quello che cerchi, aggiungi le tue clausole personalizzate utilizzando l'apposito modulo o inviaci una richiesta. Puoi anche generare una cookie policy in un solo click.
In linea con il GDPR, il CCPA e la LGPD
Tutti i documenti di iubenda ti aiutano a rispettare le leggi internazionali come il GDPR, la Direttiva ePrivacy, il CCPA e la LGPD.
Aggiornamenti automatici
Il nostro team di avvocati lavora costantemente per mantenere i tuoi documenti al passo con le principali legislazioni internazionali, per informarti di importanti cambiamenti e per offrirti soluzioni a portata di click.
Personalizzabile
Scegli tra oltre 2000 clausole pre-configurate disponibili in fino a 27 lingue o, se non trovi quello che cerchi, aggiungi le tue clausole personalizzate utilizzando l'apposito modulo o inviaci una richiesta. Puoi anche generare una cookie policy in un solo click.
In linea con il GDPR, il CCPA e la LGPD
Tutti i documenti di iubenda ti aiutano a rispettare le leggi internazionali come il GDPR, la Direttiva ePrivacy, il CCPA e la LGPD.
Aggiornamenti automatici
Il nostro team di avvocati lavora costantemente per mantenere i tuoi documenti al passo con le principali legislazioni internazionali, per informarti di importanti cambiamenti e per offrirti soluzioni a portata di click.
Personalizza grazie a oltre 2000 clausole
La professionalità di un team legale internazionale alla convenienza di una soluzione software online
Aggiornamenti automatici quando la legge cambia
Genera i tuoi documenti in fino a 27 lingue
White label
Una dashboard per gestire e apportare modifiche
Sviluppi applicazioni mobile? Siamo ottimizzati per soddisfare i requisiti specifici degli app store
Documenti legali rivisitati per offrire maggiore trasparenza e chiarezza
Scansione automatica per rilevare i servizi in uso sul tuo sito web
Scopri tutte le funzionalità e i vantaggi
Scelto da oltre 140.000 clienti in più di 100 Paesi
“Se, come me, fai parte di un team smart e non sopporti aggiornare la tua privacy policy ogni volta che aggiungi del codice al tuo sito, allora iubenda fa per te. È incredibilmente conveniente e super facile da utilizzare.”
Inizia la generazione
PROVA PRIMA DI ACQUISTARE o UTILIZZA LA VERSIONE GRATUITA
3114907 documenti già generati
FAQ
Le mie newsletter devono contenere un link alla privacy policy?
Sì. Le newsletter devono contenere un riferimento alla tua
privacy policy
. È inoltre necessario mostrare un link alla privacy policy quando gli utenti si iscrivono alla newsletter al fine di informarli circa le procedure di raccolta e di utilizzo dei dati.
Leggi di più sui requisiti di legge per le newsletter
Posso semplicemente copiare e incollare il testo legale generato?
Di tanto in tanto le leggi e i requisiti delle terze parti cambiano o vengono aggiornati; è importante dunque assicurarsi che le policy soddisfino sempre i requisiti più recenti. Per questo motivo, usiamo un sistema di integrazione e non il semplice copia e incolla. Con questo metodo, infatti, puoi essere certo che la tua policy sia aggiornata e gestita da remoto dal nostro team legale.
Leggi di più sul perché ospitiamo i tuoi documenti
Documentazione e guide
Guida introduttiva
Come generare una policy
Privacy policy per le app mobile
Guida su email marketing e newsletter
Vedi tutte le guide
Non sai esattamente di cosa hai bisogno?
Leggi la nostra
Guida Introduttiva
Chatta con noi
oppure
scrivi al supporto
Iscriviti a uno dei nostri prossimi webinar
per ricevere una panoramica generale sugli obblighi di legge e per porci le tue domande in tempo reale
Tutti i nostri prodotti sono
conformi al livello AAA delle WCAG
Parte di una soluzione di compliance a 360°
Un set completo di soluzioni per rendere il tuo sito web o la tua app conformi alla legge, su più lingue e legislazioni
Panoramica
Prezzi
Per siti/app
Generatore di Privacy e Cookie Policy
Crea la tua privacy e cookie policy in pochi minuti.
Personalizzabile grazie a oltre 2000 clausole in fino a 27 lingue, aggiornate automaticamente se la legge cambia. Il nostro generatore ti permette di redigere un documento in pochi minuti e di integrarlo perfettamente sul tuo sito o la tua app.
Scopri di più
Funzionalità
Documentazione e guide
Per siti/app
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Gestisci le preferenze di consenso come richiesto dalla Direttiva ePrivacy, dal GDPR, dal CPRA (modifica al CCPA) e dalla LGPD. Integrazione con il TCF di IAB e il CCPA Compliance Framework.
La nostra soluzione ti permette di mostrare un cookie banner/banner di consenso completamente personalizzabile, raccogliere il consenso ai cookie, implementare il blocco preventivo (incluso il blocco automatico), impostare le preferenze pubblicitarie e altro ancora.
Scopri di più
Funzionalità
Documentazione e guide
iubenda è una CMP certificata da Google con supporto TCF e Google Consent Mode v2 integrato
Per siti/app
Generatore di Termini e Condizioni
Crea i tuoi termini e condizioni in pochi minuti.
Personalizzabile grazie a oltre 100 clausole pre-configurate, disponibile in fino a 15 lingue, potente e accurata, la nostra soluzione è in grado di gestire anche gli scenari più complessi. Ideale per e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, app e altro ancora.
Scopri di più
Funzionalità
Documentazione e guide
Per organizzazioni
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Offri un canale di segnalazione interno facile da usare come richiesto dalla direttiva UE sulle segnalazioni per le organizzazioni con oltre 50 dipendenti. Genera istantaneamente i tuoi moduli per integrarli ovunque necessario.
Raccogli e gestisci le segnalazioni dei dipendenti e di altre persone legate alla tua organizzazione proteggendone l’identità e assicurando la riservatezza. Pensato per le aziende dell’UE e le organizzazioni globali attente alla trasparenza etica.
Scopri di più
Funzionalità
Documentazione e guide
Per siti/app
Per organizzazioni
Consent Database
Adegua i tuoi form al GDPR, al CCPA e alla LGPD: raccogli una prova del consenso e documenta opt-in e
opt-out
.
La nostra soluzione si integra perfettamente con i tuoi moduli di raccolta dati, si sincronizza con i tuoi documenti legali e include un'intuitiva dashboard che ti permette di recuperare i consensi in qualsiasi momento.
Scopri di più
Funzionalità
Documentazione e guide
Per siti/app
Per organizzazioni
Registro delle attività di trattamento dei dati
Documenta le attività di trattamento dati all'interno della tua organizzazione.
Per adeguarsi alle leggi sulla privacy, in particolare il GDPR, le aziende devono mantenere un registro delle modalità di archiviazione e utilizzo dei dati dei propri utenti. La nostra soluzione ti permette di documentare facilmente tutte le attività di trattamento all'interno della tua organizzazione.
Scopri di più
Funzionalità
Documentazione e guide
Enterprise
Centinaia di clienti Enterprise si affidano a iubenda per la loro compliance online su più siti/app e normative.
Contattaci
Hai bisogno di documenti personalizzati?
Il nostro network internazionale di avvocati può redigere documenti su misura ed effettuare una verifica completa della tua attività.
Contattaci
Diventa partner certificato
Il Partner Program di iubenda è pensato per agenzie e professionisti web che desiderano acquisire nuove competenze e assistere i propri clienti nell'adeguamento legale di siti web, app e attività di trattamento.
Scopri di più sul programma di certificazione →
;
Il contenuto è bloccato
Hai rifiutato il tuo consenso all'utilizzo di cookie e tecnologie simili per la finalità funzionalità. Per visualizzare questo contenuto, modifica le tue preferenze relative al consenso.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3114907 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.