EYEZY PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated
29 May, 2024
This Privacy Notice explains what personal data is collected when you use our mobile applications,
				websites
				and the services provided through them (together
“App”
or
“Service”
),
				how
				such personal data will be processed.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE,
				AND
				(II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR HAVE HAD YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY
				NOTICE
				FOR YOU). If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Service. In such
				case, you must (a) delete your account and contact us and request deletion of your data; (b) cancel any
				subscriptions using the functionality provided by Apple (if you are using iOS) or Google (if you are
				using
				Android), any other app stores that may be available from time to time, or by us if you purchased it
				directly from our websites; and (c) delete the App from your devices.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to
						EEA-based users)
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
DATA RETENTION
DATA SECURITY
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER AND PERSONAL DATA PROCESSOR
DATA PROCESSING ON YOUR BEHALF: WE AS A DATA PROCESSOR
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
CONTACT US
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Personal Information: Eyezy App collects “Personal Information” from you at various times
							and
							places on the Site and Eyezy Application. Personal Information means information relating to
							a
							particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and
							telephone number. Personal Information also includes your “Children’s Personal Information,”
							as
							defined below.
Children’s Personal Information: With your consent, We may collect your “Children’s Personal
							Information.” Children’s Personal Information may include information you voluntarily submit
							to us such as your child’s first, middle and last name, date of birth, age, gender, and
							profile photo, or it may include information we collect from your child as a result of your
							use of the Services, such as your child’s contacts data (contact list), your child’s device access times (e.g., we may collect
							information relating to how long your child uses or accesses his or her device to support
							our “allowance” feature), device identifier numbers, serial numbers, geolocation
							information, sound around the child's device, and other internet, device, or electronic
							network activity information,including, but not limited to, encrypted screenshots generated
							by Eyezy Application account and the transcribed content from the screenshots (e.g., through
							optical character recognition), as authorized by you (“Screenshots”). Screenshots may
							capture your children’s browsing activity, search activity, messaging activity, and other
							information regarding your child’s interaction with an internet website, application,
							advertisement, device, or interactions with a device in general.
You as a parent can choose to listen live to your child's device's surroundings or choose
								to record these surroundings for 15 seconds. You can save it in the App and download
								from the App to any data storage. For users from USA: Please note, that this feature is
								available only in US states, where the one-party consent for surroundings recording is
								applied. In other US states the Sound around the child’s device feature is prohibited
								due to local laws and requirements. For users from other countries: It is your
								responsibility to comply with the laws of your country due to Sound around the child’s
								device features usage. In some countries you have to get a consent from third-party
								(individual, which is staying near your kid) for recording surroundings with such
								individual’s participation (conversation, talks, etc.). Please, get an advice of your
								lawyer, how you can legally use the Sound around the child’s device feature in the
								country of your designation.
In order to provide the Services, we may also collect from your child’s device information
							relating to which apps are installed on your child’s device and information relating to your
							child’s device permission status (e.g., if your child has disabled the usage permissions on
							his/her device required to provide the Services, that information may be collected or if the
							device can no longer be “seen”). We may also collect information from your child’s device
							about
							your child’s usage and activity in connection with the Services (e.g., error/crash
							reporting,
							usage analytics such as screen views, your child’s use of any hyperlinks available within
							the
							Services, time on page, and page hits).
The Company cares for the privacy of correspondence and the confidentiality of its users'
							data. The child's messages tracking function operates in strict compliance with the personal
							data legislation. In this regard, we cannot provide access to view messages that your child
							receives from the sender of such messages (from the person with whom the child is
							corresponding). You can only see the messages your child is sending. In addition, we cannot
							show who your child is corresponding with (sender of messages to your child).
For additional information about our practices regarding Children’s Personal Information,
							please see Section 11 (Children’s Privacy).
In regard to the European Union, our collection of personal information from a child is
								limited
								and controlled by the parent.
Non-Personal Information: Non-Personal Information means information that does not identify,
							and
							cannot reasonably be used to identify, an individual. We collect Non-Personal Information,
							for
							example, when we track the total number of visitors to the Site, the number of visitors to a
							particular page of the Site, and/or other such technical information. This data may be used
							to
							diagnose problems with the Services, gather demographic and geographic information to
							improve
							our Services or marketing efforts, improve our Services, and for similar purposes.
							Non-Personal
							Information includes aggregated and/or de-identified information. We reserve the right to
							use
							and disclose Non-Personal Information in its sole discretion.
We also collect, automatically, information about how you have used Eyezy Application: about
							your schedules, your devices’ operating systems, IP address, etc. We analyse this
							information to
							troubleshoot any issues users encountered, to work out how our products are being used and
							how
							to improve them.
If you turn on the location tracking feature on a device, we also collect that device’s
							location
							data, as well as any geo-fence zones you set up. Location data is used solely for the
							delivery
							of the location tracking feature and is deleted from our systems 14 days after it is
							collected.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Voluntarily Provided Information: We may collect Personal Information, including your
							Children’s
							Personal Information, whenever you voluntarily provide such information including, for
							example,
							when you
							conduct business with us, use our Services, request information or materials from us, create
							or
							update
							your Eyezy account, when you voluntarily send Screenshots, or when you communicate with us
							about
							questions or concerns.
Examples of the type of information you may voluntarily provide include:

							Your first name, last name, email address, and any updates to that information thereafter;

							Information relating to your child, such as your child’s name, age, birthdate, gender, contacts data (contact list), and
							profile photo
							(see clause 1.2. (Children’s Personal Information) for more information); and

							If you sign up for any of our paid Services, your credit card or debit card information
							(such as
							card
							type, last four digits of your card, and expiration date) and other financial data and
							transaction
							history that we need to process your payment and provide the paid Services.
Services-Related Information: We may collect Personal Information, including your Children’s
							Personal Information, as a result of your use of the Services. This includes, for example:

							Custom word lists you create to allow the Services to flag specific words of interest to you
							and
							the number of times the words appear within screenshots;

							Information you may provide to us relating to the desired preferences of the Services (e.g.,
							determining the preferred units of measurement for geofencing notifications).

							Schedules you may create as part of the Services (e.g., to schedule device access for your
							child’s device and related screen time allowance information); and

							Information relating to which apps are installed on your child’s device and information
							relating
							to your child’s device status/permission status (e.g., if your child has disabled the usage
							permissions on his/her device required to provide the Services, that information may be
							collected or if the device can no longer be “seen”) (see clause 1.2. (Children’s Personal
							Information) for more information).
Information Obtained from Third Parties: In limited circumstances, we may collect your
							Personal
							Information from third parties. For example, the payment processors we work with generally
							provide us with information related to you, such as a unique token that enables you to make
							additional purchases using the information they’ve stored, including recurring payments if
							you
							authorize automatic renewals, and your card’s type, expiration date, and certain digits of
							your
							card number.
We do not collect your Children’s Personal Information from third
								parties.
Cookies and Similar Technologies: When you use the Services, we and certain third parties
							may
							use “cookies” and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage
							(collectively, “Collection Technology") to collect information. We do not use Collection
							Technology to collect Children’s Personal Information. For example, when you use our
							Services,
							we may use Collection Technology to collect certain device information, such as: device
							operating system, device operating system version, IP addresses, access times, browser type
							and
							language, browser version, and device identifier numbers. We may also use Collection
							Technology
							to collect information about your usage and activity related to the Services (e.g.,
							error/crash
							reporting, usage analytics, your use of any hyperlinks available within the Services, time
							on
							page, and page hits), and chat analytics when the chat feature is used.
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. However, they are an
							important
							part of how the Services work, so you should be aware that if you choose to refuse or remove
							cookies, it could affect the availability and functionality of the Services. Most web
							browsers
							are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your
							browser
							to remove or reject browser cookies. To do so, please follow the instructions provided by
							your
							browser.
Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third-party flash cookies
							or
							other web trackers, which may be used by us or our partners in connection with the Sites. To
							delete or disable flash cookies, please visit this site for more information. For further
							information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device
							and
							how to manage and delete them, you can visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Third-Party Analytics: We may use third-party analytics tools including, for example, Google
							Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services. These tools may
							collect
							your Personal Information, including Children’s Personal Information, sent by your devices
							or
							our Services that assists us in improving the Services. You can read Googles’ privacy
							policy,
							which applies to Google Analytics, by visiting this link.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data:
To provide our Service.
This includes enabling you to use the Service in a
							seamless manner and preventing or addressing Service errors or technical issues.
To customize your experience.
We process your personal data, in particular,
							such as your characteristics and preferences, to adjust the content of the Service and
							provide
							content tailored to your personal preferences.
To manage your account and provide you with customer support.
We process
							your
							personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, Service information or to
							any
							other communication you initiate. This includes accessing your account to address technical
							support requests. For this purpose, we may send you, for example, notifications or emails
							about
							the performance of our Service, security, payment transactions, notices regarding our
Terms of Use
or this Privacy Notice.
To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service.
We communicate
							with
							you, for example, by push notifications. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you
							need to
							change the settings on your device.
To research and analyze your use of the Service.
This helps us to better
							understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain, improve, innovate, plan, design,
							and
							develop the Service and our new products. We also use data for statistical analysis
							purposes, to
							test and improve our offers.
To perform research and analysis about how users interact with our App we use
Appsflyer
.
								Appsflyer enables us to understand, in particular, how users find us (for example, who
								was
								the advertiser that delivered an ad to users, which led you to an app store with our
								App).
								Appsflyer also provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research and
								analyze your use of the Service. Find more in Appsflyer’s
Privacy Notice
.
We use
Facebook Analytics
, which is a service is provided by Facebook
								that
								allows us to use different analytical tools. On Facebook Analytics we get, in
								particular,
								aggregated demographics and insights on how many people launch our app, how often users
								make
								purchases, and other interactions. Find more in Facebook’s
Privacy Notice
.
To analyze how visitors use the Service and to measure the effectiveness of some ads we
								use
Google Analytics
, a web analysis program of Google. On Google Analytics
								we
								get, in particular, information on the data you enter on our website and users’
								interactions
								within the website. Google allows you to influence the collection and processing of the
								information generated by Google, in particular, by installing a browser plug-in,
								available
here
. You can read more about
								how
								Google uses the information
here
.
To send you marketing communications.
We may process your personal data for
							our
							marketing campaigns. We may add your email address to our marketing list, provided we
							receive
							consent or otherwise establish legal basis for sending you marketing communications. As a
							result, you will receive information about our products, such as for example, special
							offers. If
							you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe following
							instructions
							in the footer of the marketing emails. We may also show you advertisements in our App, and
							send
							you push notifications for marketing purposes. To opt out of receiving push notifications,
							you
							need to change the settings on your device.
To process your payments.
We provide paid products and/or services within 
						the Service. For this purpose, we use third-party services for payment processing 
						(for example, payment processors). As a result of this processing, you will be able to make a 
						payment for our Service and we will be notified that the payment has been made and will provide 
						you with. We will not store or collect your payment card details ourselves. This information will 
						be provided directly to our third-party payment processors.
Important Notice:
Please be advised that for the security and protection 
						of all users, it is strictly prohibited to transmit your complete payment details, including card 
						number, CVV, and expiration date, through live chat or email, including our support@eyezyapp.com 
						email address. In the event that such information is transmitted, we explicitly disclaim all liability, 
						and you accept full responsibility for any consequences arising from this action.
To comply with legal obligations.
We may process, use, or share your data
							when
							the law requires it, in particular, if a law enforcement agency requests your data by
							available
							legal means.
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only toEEA-based users).
In this section, we are letting you know what legal basis we use for each particular purpose of
						processing. For more information on a particular purpose, please refer to
Section 2
.
						This section applies only to EEA-based users.
We process your personal data, in particular, under the following legal bases:
Legal Basis
Purpose
Consent
To send you marketing communications
To perform our contract with you
To provide our Service (in accordance with our
Terms of
									Use
), to customize your experience, to manage your account and provide you with
								customer
								support, to communicate with you regarding your use of our Service, to process your
								payments
Our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your
								interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data
to research and analyze your use of the Service, to communicate with you regarding your
								use
								of our Service, to enforce our
Terms of Use
and to
								prevent and combat fraud
Legal obligation
to comply with legal obligations.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
We do not sell, use, or disclose to third parties any data for any purpose, except following
							cases:

							We may share your Personal Information to third parties as listed below. Disclosure of
							Children’s Personal Information shall occur in accordance with Section 11.
With Your Consent: We may share your information, including Personal Information, with
							another
							company when you allow us to do so (i.e., when we have obtained your consent).
Service Providers: We may share your information, including Personal Information, with third
							parties to assist in our business operations (e.g., to process payments, store data, deliver
							information, and perform other similar functions); administrative functions; marketing
							functions; and/or to provide the Eyezy Application services you have requested
							(collectively,
							“Service Providers”). Service Providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information
							for
							purposes other than those requested by us or required by law.
Major Transactions: We may share your information, including Personal Information, as part,
							of
							or in connection with, a merger, acquisition, assignment, as part of debt financing, the
							sale of
							company assets, or in any similar transaction, or to the extent as may be required in the
							unlikely event of insolvency bankruptcy, or a receivership.
Professional Advisors: We may share information with our legal, financial, and other
							advisors in
							connection with the corporate transactions described above or in connection with the
							management
							of our business and operations.
							Disclosures Under Special Circumstances: We may share your information, including Personal
							Information, when we believe doing so may be appropriate, including but not limited to when
							it
							may be legally required, necessary to comply with laws, or in response to lawful requests or
							legal process. We may also share such information where we believe it may limit our
							liability in
							an actual or potential lawsuit, or where otherwise necessary to protect our rights,
							interests
							and/or property (including, without limitation, to enforce our agreements), or the rights,
							interests and/or property of our agents, independent contractors, customers, and others.
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS.
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data.
You have the right to
							review, edit, or change the personal data that you had previously provided to us in the
							profile
							section of the App. If you would like to receive a copy of data we process, please send us a
							data access request.
Deleting your personal data.
You can request erasure of your personal data,
							as permitted
							by
							law. When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to
							honor
							your request. In some cases, we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a
							certain
							time; in such event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our
							obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data.
You can ask us
							to stop using
							all
							or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof. Additional information for EEA-based
							users. If you are based in the EEA, you have the following rights in addition to the above:
The right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority.
We would love
							you to contact
							us
							directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a
							complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU
							Member
							State where you reside, work or where the alleged infringement has taken place.
The right to data portability.
If you wish to receive your personal data in
							a
							machine-readable format, you can do so by requesting a copy of your personal data as
							described
							above. The data will be made available to you in the .json file or other file format.
OPTING OUT OF PROMOTIONAL EMAILS.
We allow you to choose which forms of communication you receive from us. You may opt out of
							receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you
							opt
							out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as
							emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
To exercise any of the available to your privacy rights, please send a request to
							dpo@eyezyapp.com
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS.
We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was
						originally
						collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the
Terms of
							Use
and for purposes indicated in this Privacy Notice. If these countries do not have
						the
						same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, we
						deploy
						special safeguards. In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to
						countries with not adequate level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases:
						(i)
						Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (details available
here
),
						or (ii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available
here)
.
DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the
						purposes
						set forth in this Privacy Notice (including providing the Service to you), which includes (but
						is
						not limited to) the period during which you have an account with the App. We will also retain
						and
						use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
						enforce our agreements.
DATA SECURITY.
We have adopted technical and organizational measures to preserve and protect your personal data
						from
						unauthorized use or access and from being altered, lost or misused, taking into account the
						technological state of art, the features of the information stored and the risks to which
						information is exposed. Although we have exercised high levels of care in providing secure
						transmission of information between the Application and our servers and in storing that
						information
						on our systems, no method of transmission over the Internet, or of electronic storage, is 100%
						secure. As such, we cannot ensure or otherwise guarantee the security of information transmitted
						to
						us over the Internet.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
This section provides additional details about how we process personal data of California
						consumers
						and the rights available to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and
						California’s
						Shine the Light law. Therefore, this section applies only to residents of California, United
						States.
For more details about the personal information we have collected, including the categories of
						sources, please see Section 1 above. We collect this information for purposes described in
						Section 2
						of this Privacy Notice. We may also share your information with certain categories of third
						parties
						as indicated in Section 4. Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California
						consumers
						the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal
						information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their
						personal information, to opt-out of any “sales” that may be occurring, and to not be
						discriminated
						against for exercising these rights.
California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us
						at
						dpo@eyezyapp.com. We will verify your request and inform you accordingly. You may also designate
						an
						authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Access rights under California’s Shine the Light.
California also provides its
						residents with additional access rights. Under Shine the Light law, the residents may ask
						companies
						once a year what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties'
						direct
						marketing purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be personal information under the
						statute. To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to dpo@eyezyapp.com,
						which
						includes “Request for California Shine the Light Privacy Information” on the subject line and
						your
						state of residence and email address in the body of your message. Please be aware that not all
						information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on
						covered
						sharing will be included in our response.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.
We do not sell products or services to children. The Services are not intended for children
							to
							submit Personal Information to Eturi without the consent of their legal guardians. In
							compliance
							with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), please see below:
The types of Personal Information we collect from children are detailed above in
Section
									1.2. (Children’s Personal Information)
.
How we collect information from children is detailed above in
Section 2 (How We Collect
									Information)
.
We use Children’s Personal Information for the purposes listed below:
Provide, develop, maintain, operate, and improve our Services,
Process and fulfill a request or other transaction submitted by you, including,
										for
										example,
										to
										respond to comments and questions and provide customer support
Communicate with you including, for example, to send you Services-related
										information,
										including
										confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and
										support
										and
										administrative messages
Communicate with you including, for example, to send you Services-related
										information,
										including
										confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and
										support
										and
										administrative messages
To meet or comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or other
										legal
										obligation, protect or prevent harm, fraud, or financial loss; or promote,
										detect,
										investigate and help prevent security, fraud or technical issues; and protect
										our
										legitimate business interests and legal rights, and for corporation
										transactions,
										which refers to transfers of Personal Information in the event we sell or
										transfer,
										or are considering selling or transferring, all or a portion of our business or
										assets.
For European Union data subjects, our collection of personal data from a child
										is
										limited and controlled by the parent.
We may share or disclose Children’s Personal Information in a limited number of
									instances,
									including the following:
We may share Children’s Personal Information with our Service Providers if necessary
									for them to perform a business, professional, or technology support function for us.
									Please contact us at the mailing address, email, or phone number with questions
									about our, or our Service Providers’, privacy policies and practices.
We may disclose Children’s Personal Information if permitted or required by law, for
									example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. To the extent permitted by
									applicable
									law, we also may disclose personal information collected from children (i) in
									response
									to a
									law enforcement or public agency’s request; (ii) if we believe disclosure may
									prevent
									the
									instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or
									protect
									the
									safety of a child; (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our Services; or
									(iv)
									enable us to take precautions against liability.
									We will not collect more information from your children than is reasonably necessary
									to
									provide the Services.
In accordance with COPPA, you may upon request, review the Children’s Personal
									Information
									we have collected from your child, such as name, address, telephone number, email
									address,
									and direct us to delete such information, and/or refuse us to allow any further
									collection
									or use of your Children’s Personal Information.
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER AND PERSONAL DATA PROCESSOR.
Data protection laws in certain jurisdictions differentiate between “controller” and “processor”
						of
						Personal Data. If you are visiting our Website, using the App and the Services, the Data
						Controller
						is the Fortunex Limited. In situations in which Personal Data is processed by Fortunex Limited
						on
						behalf of You, in particular when you provide us with the personal data of third parties while
						connecting the device, or using location feature via SMS, etc., Data Controller is You and
						Fortunex
						Limited is the Data Processor.
DATA PROCESSING ON YOUR BEHALF: WE AS A DATA PROCESSOR
Target Device Data.
We start collecting data from a target device
							associated
							with the account, which may include personal data relating to you, to a target device
							user(s) or
							to third parties (“Target Device Data”, including information about a target device, phone
							number, contacts, messages and SMS). In accordance with applicable privacy law, to the
							extent
							that it applies to us, you are the Data Controller of this Target Device Data and you
							appoint us
							as a Data Processor of such data for the purpose of providing the Service.
Your use of Target Device Data.
As Data Controller, you warrant that you
							have
							the appropriate authority, or have obtained a valid consent from third party as may be
							required
							by data privacy laws, to collect and process the Target Device Data and you agree to process
							and
							use the Target Device Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice, the Terms and applicable
							law,
							and only for the explicit purposes of the Service. You will protect the confidentiality of
							any
							accessible Target Device Data and prevent access by or disclosure to any unauthorized third
							person. You will inform us within 24 hours about any problem arising in relation with
							management
							of your account and/or Target Device Data.
Data Processor Obligations.
To the extent that we are Data Processor on
							your
							behalf, we shall (a) implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to
							safeguard
							any Target Device Data against any unauthorized or unlawful access, loss, destruction,
							theft,
							use or disclosure; (b) limit access to Target Device Data only to those employees who need
							to
							know it to enable the Processor to perform the Services; (c) only process the Target Device
							Data
							as specified by this Notice and in accordance with your instructions, and (d) will not use
							the
							Target Device Data for any purposes other than those related to the performance of the
							Service
							or pursuant to your written instructions. Upon the expiry or termination of this agreement
							by
							way of de-registration, or upon your request, we will cease any and all use of the Target
							Device
							Data and will destroy or return it to you except as provided above with respect to backed-up
							data and termination. We will not disclose Target Device Data to any third party without
							your
							prior written consent or pursuant to court or administrative order.
Warranties.
You are solely responsible for use of the account and the
							processing of personal data associated with your account, which includes, among others,
							collecting, storing and analyzing personal data from a target device. You warrant, as the
							one
							responsible for Target Device Data that we process on your behalf as Data Processor, that
							(a)
							you have informed any user(s) that are 13 years old or more regarding your usage of the
							Service,
							and have obtained consent from such user(s) for this kind of activity, as provided in our
							Privacy Notice, and (b) you comply with all applicable legislation with respect to data
							privacy,
							including children’s data privacy. You agree to fully comply with this Privacy Notice.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and keep us harmless from all claims,
							damages
							and losses we may suffer relating to or arising out of the processing of Target Device Data
							and
							other third-party personal data submitted to our systems during the course of use and
							provision
							of the Service.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
We may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to
						this
						Privacy Notice, you will be notified through our Service or by other available means and will
						have
						an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Notice. By continuing to access or use the Service
						after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Notice.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us in one of the following
						ways:
E-mail us at: dpo@eyezyapp.com
Fortunex Limited, Georgiou A, 83, SHOP 17, Germasogeia, 4047, Limassol, Cyprus
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies