Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Cryptoslate
1
Learn more about this provider
ppwp_wp_session
Preserves users states across page requests.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Vimeo
2
Learn more about this provider
__cf_bm
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
_cfuvid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
cdn.mxpnl.com
3
__mpq_#_#
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
__mp_opt_in_out_#
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
mp_#_mixpanel
Pending
damex.io
3
debug
This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website.
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
wpEmojiSettingsSupports
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
x.clearbitjs.com
1
pfjs%3Acookies
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
vuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
x.clearbitjs.com
1
cb%3Atest
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
YouTube
17
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
diffuser-cdn.app-us1.com
prism.app-us1.com
2
prism_# [x2]
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
x.clearbitjs.com
6
__tld__
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
cb_anonymous_id
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
cb_group_id
Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient.
cb_user_id
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
cb_group_properties
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
cb_user_traits
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
Unclassified
1
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/1/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Skip to content
Damex
Privacy Policy
April 2024
Introduction
Welcome to Damex’s privacy policy.
These Privacy Notices refer to your use of Damex.io services. The terms that will be applicable to you are determined by your country of residence. If you are resident in Europe, please refer to the Damex.io UAB terms and if you are resident outside of Europe, please refer to the Damex.io Gibraltar terms.
Damex and Damex.io are registered business names of Digital Asset Management Ltd. Damex respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
YOUR MOBILE DEVICE AND THE DAMEX APP
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Damex collects and processes your personal data through your use of our website, our services, our application, take part in a competition or subscribe for any promotions about our services and products.
This website and our services are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Damex.io UAB trading as Damex/Damex.io is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Damex”, “Damex.io”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).
Damex is made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found on our website. This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the Digital Asset Management Group so when we mention “Damex”, “Damex.io”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the Damex Group responsible for processing your data. We will let you know which entity will be the controller for your data when you purchase a product or service with us.
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our DPO in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Damex.io UAB
Email address: privacy@damex.io
Postal address: Žygimanto Liauksmino g. 3, Vilnius, Lithuania
Telephone number: +350 200 73337
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the State Data Protection INspectorate (
www.vdai.lrv.lt
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach any authority, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website, our staff or our application may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites or providers and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website or application, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
We may request that you authorise third-party website, plug-ins and applications on your device to allow us to use particular features such as app tracking transparency security features such as fingerprint or face-id. Please note that we do not retain any of this data as this is being utilised by third parties that you have already authorised.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Content Data
includes information stored on your device, including contact information, login information, photos, videos or other digital content.
Financial Data
includes bank account and digital asset wallet details, where relevant,.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments and digital asset transactions to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, device ID, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our website or application.
Profile Data,
for limited users, includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, application, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by email, electronic chat, our website, our web portal or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account with us, our application or on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website and application, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as any introducers that may have introduced you to our business.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email, electronic communication chat, or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, application, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website and application updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of service purchase, warranty registration, service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see www.damex.io/cookies .
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
External Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Your Mobile device and the Damex App
After downloading the Damex App from respectively Apple Appstore and Google Play, upon the installations users will find the specific device – & operation system features the App uses. Next to iOS and Android supported functionality, the Damex App also uses Apple’s iOS Health data and Google Fit to capture data with regards to the user’s activity to feed into the Damex Challenges (see MOVE feature in the App)
The table below contains an overview of the specific features, any data captured and the use of this data.
Application
Feature
Data collection and use
Third parties sharing Y/N
Android OS
POST NOTIFICATION
Allowing Damex to send push notification messages on certain activities
N
CAMERA
Take picture, used for authentication purposes only
N
USE BIOMETRIC
Using Biometrics means supported by device to authorise App access or activity
N
ACCESS FINE LOCATION
Capturing IP-address used during service registration session and any upon updates in the user’s profile
N
Google Fit
ACTIVITY RECOGNITION
Find user’s activity in # of steps and approximate travelled distance, used for the MOVE gamification
N
FITNESS_ACTIVITY_READ
FITNESS_ACTIVITY_WRITE
International transfers
We share your personal data within the Damex Group. This will involve transferring your data outside of the EEA.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for Anti-Money Laundering record keeping purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
your legal rights
below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. To exercise any of your rights please contact our DPO at privacy@damex.io .
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Damex Group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in Gibraltar, the United Kingdom or the EEA and provide IT and system administration services and undertake customer support services
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based in the European Union who provide transaction monitoring, transaction facilitation and software services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in Gibraltar, the United Kingdom or the EEA who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Government authorities in Gibraltar, the United Kingdom or the EEA and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the EEA who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Damex.io UAB (referred to as “Damex”, “Damex.io”, “us”, “we”, “our” or “ourselves”) is incorporated in Lithuania, registered number 306148560 and has its registered office at Žygimanto Liauksmino g. 3, Vilnius, Lithuania.