Self-Care Resources Ltd Privacy & Cookie Policy Last updated: 10 May 2023
Your privacy is important to us. It is Self-Care Resources (‘we’, ‘our’) policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our website (www.jingselfcare.com) and mobile app, Jing (hereinafter the ‘Platform’).
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
Our contact details
Name: Self-Care Resources Ltd
Address: Europa House, Goldstone Villas, Hove, UK BN3 3RQ
E-mail: hello@jingselfcare.com www.jingselfcare.com
The type of personal information we collect
We currently collect and process the following information:
·       Personal identifiers and contact information (for example, name and email contact details)
·       The specific recommended self-care resources and programmes which the health care provider (hereinafter “HCP”) has selected for clients (hereinafter “End-Users”).
·       Record of completion of self-care activities (if this option is selected by End Users)
·       Any additional notes or comments (including data or information) entered by the HCP for the End-User
How we get the personal information and why we have it
Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by HCP and End Users for the following reasons:
·       To allow the HCP to provide recommendations of self-care and for the End Users and HCP and End Users to monitor completion of self-care activities.
·       We will share the record of completion of self-care activities with the HCP who has provided those specific recommendations to the End User on the mobile application.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing this information are:
(a) Your consent. You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting hello@jingselfcare.com
We don’t share personally identifying information publicly. We share personally identifying information with the specific HCP who has provided the specific End User recommendations through the Jing app. We may share data with third parties for administrative purposes for legitimate interest and when required to so by law.
Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
In order to carry out our business operations we may need to transfer/process your data internationally and by indicating your agreement with this policy you are providing consent for processing and transferring this data outside of the United Kingdom.
Your continued use of our app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
How we store your personal information
Your information is securely stored on a server based in the EU (via Amazon AWS).
We keep names, email addresses, specific recommended self-care resources/programmes for each End User and self-care activity logs for End Users who complete this option, for the duration of the HCPs active account subscription plus one month. After this time this data will be deleted from our servers automatically.
What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access
- You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
- You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
- You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
Please contact us at hello@jingselfcare.com or by post to Self-Care Resources Ltd, Europa House, Goldstone Villas, Hove, UK BN3 3RQ if you wish to make a request.
Cookies
We use cookies on the Platform (both the Jing mobile application and the website www.jingselfcare.com). Provision by Self-Care Resources of the Platform and its content to HCP and End Users for the stipulated use (see Terms of Service) constitutes the “Service”. By use of the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
How Self-care Resources uses cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service, to provide analytics and to store your preferences.
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
- Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
For more information on the Cookies used on our website see this information:
https://support.squarespace.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001264507-The-cookies-Squarespace-uses
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/
How to complain
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us at hello@jingselfcare.com.
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website:
https://www.ico.org.uk