WisToolBox Privacy Notice
Last Updated
: February 17, 2025
Effective date
: February 27, 2025
The WisToolBox desktop and mobile applications (the
    “
Applications
”) are operated by RAKwireless
    Technology Limited (“
we
”,
    “
our
”, “
us
”).
Contact Information
You may contact us via email at
legal@rakwireless.com
or our mailing address below.
RAKwireless Technology Limited
Room 1002 10/F, Easey Commercial Building 253-261 Hennessy RD Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Data Protection Officer
Please contact us
legal@rakwireless.com
to receive answers to any data protection-related questions. Please note that
we may record any
    communication
to preserve the evidence of your request and our response.
Personal Data We Collect
We collect and process your personal information in the following cases:
(1) When You Log In to the Applications
If you log in to the Applications with a RAK ID account, we will process your
    email address associated with the respective RAK ID account. More information
    regarding the RAK ID account is available in RAK ID Privacy Notice,
    which is available on the
RAK ID website
.
    You may log out from the Applications at any time. The legal basis for processing your
    email address is the performance of a contract, i.e., to provide you with access
    to the Applications subject to the Terms of Use.
Please note that you can manage your RAK ID account and respective
    data within the interface available on the RAK ID website.
    The data processing of the RAK ID account data is subject
    to the RAK ID Privacy Notice. We suggest you read the RAK ID Privacy
    Notice before registering and using a RAK ID account.
When you log in to the Applications, we assign a unique number to your account.
    This is necessary for technical reasons to consider you our users. This number
    is used only for internal technical purposes. The legal basis for processing
    your email address is the performance of a contract, i.e., to provide you with
    access to the Applications.
(2) When You Contact Us
Within the Applications, you may send a request to our support team. When you
    submit a request, you provide us with your name and email address; you may also
    provide certain additional personal data via the text field or in the file you
    attach to the request. With regard to your name and email address, this data is
    necessary to contact you back, address you properly, and/or resolve your issue.
    The legal basis for processing such data (as well as attachments) is our
    legitimate interest to assist you with using the Applications.
With regard to the personal data that might be in the attached files, such data
    will be used to resolve your issue only. Please ensure that you only disclose
    personal data necessary to have your issue resolved. We do not need your sensitive
    data and kindly ask you to control that no attached materials comprise sensitive
    data (e.g., state-issued ID details or social security number, information as
    to your racial or ethnic origin, your credit card data if not necessary to resolve
    your issue except CVV number, card expiry date and password or PIN or other similar
    codes, criminal record, etc.) or that any sensitive data is
    either blurred or otherwise made unidentifiable irreversibly.
When you contact us via the Applications, the provided data is also processed
    by Zendesk, which helps us to receive and process your inquiries. Zendesk’s
    details are: Zendesk, Inc. registered at 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103,
    United States; for more details please see their
Zendesk website
.
    Each time you submit a support request via the Applications, Zendesk creates a
    ticket on that request for us containing the ticket data (date/time of request and other details),
    user data who made a request, and the request details.
Note that competent US state authorities may have access to the personal data processed by Zendesk.
    For more information on how Zendesk processes personal data, please check
Zendesk Privacy Documentation.
(3) Automatically via Sentry
We use Sentry within our Applications. Sentry is the error and performance monitoring
    software offered by Functional Software, Inc.. Sentry provides us with information
    about crashes and malfunctions in the Applications. In case of malfunction or failure,
    the following information is transmitted:
information about the device and the browser, such as device ID, model and device
        type, screen parameters, name and version of the operating system, and
        settings of the device (e.g., language);
version and functionality of the Application;
date, time and timezone of the crash event;
place in the Application where the crash happened.
With the aforementioned information, we do not intend to identify you as an individual,
    however, according to the applicable data protection legislation,
    it may be considered personal data.
We use Sentry to improve the Applications and ensure their stability. The legal basis
    for processing the data collected via Sentry is our legitimate interest and to perform
    the contract you entered into with us (namely, provide you with the access to the Applications).
For more information regarding the data processing by Sentry, please
    refer to
Sentry’s Privacy Policy
.
(4) Device Serial Number
Within the Application we identify devices using their unique serial number, which
    are assigned to them when they are manufactured. By default, device serial number
    is not personal data, however, when it is combined with certain other data, it may in some
    cases constitute personal data.
We don’t use device serial number to identify you as an individual, we use it to identify
    the specific device if and where it is necessary for technical reasons and if requested
    by you.
We process this data based on our legitimate interest to ensure better customer experience
    when you contact us for technical reasons regarding your device.
(5) Generated log files (with raw data) on demand
You are able to generate and download log files that describe the actions that have taken
    place in the RAK end devices you own or control via the Application. Such logs may contain
    some technical information that, when combined with other data, may in some cases
    constitute personal data as follows:
Device communication sessions (user app, device model, time of request/response,
        device LoRaWAN, P2P parameters requests and device  LoRaWAN, P2P parameters responses);
Device Firmware Upgrade process (device model, firmware file name, upgrade progress,
        time, fail reason, error code);
RAK ID synchronization logs (time of log event, action (for example, sign in,
        create/update/delete of template/custom firmware file), status (success/error).
We collect this data based on few legal bases depending on the situation.
    Firstly, we collect this data to provide you with access to the Applications
    and enable you to operate your RAK end devices, thus relying on the performance
    of contract legal basis. Secondly, we use this data to monitor performance of the
    Applications and end devices at all to discover any possible crash or bug, monitor any possible
    security incidents and ensure timely bug fixes and maintenance works; in this case, we rely on
    our legitimate interest. Also, we generate and make the log files available for downloading
    at your request and based on your consent given to us to perform such processing of the log data.
We normally store this data as long as you use the Applications or RAK end device(s).
Storage Period
As a general rule, we store your data as long as it is necessary for the purposes it was
    collected and according to the requirements of the applicable legislation.
    Following the expiration of the storage period, such data will be either erased or
    anonymised. In particular, your personal data will be processed as follows:
With respect to the user’s data (such as email address and unique number) is
        until you delete your RAK account or remove your WisToolBox app from the RAK ID service.
Information provided in your support request (name and email address) is 1
        year following the resolution of the request.
Information collected with Sentry is 90 days from the date when the malfunction took place.
We store the device serial number as long as the respective device is connected to the Applications.
Log data with data on the RAK ID synchronization are generated for the period of last 30 days;
        device communication logs can be generated from the start of the device connection session until
        the request to generate the logs.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We do not sell or rent out your personal data. However, we may
    share your personal data if it is reasonably necessary for the
    performance of our undertakings with you and our legitimate
    interest to maintain and develop the Applications.
    In particular, your personal information is shared with the following categories of recipients:
our affiliates;
our subcontractors and team members, e.g., support team, technical team, etc.;
third-party solutions integrated in the Applications, e.g.;
Zendesk to send you email for customer support request (
Zendesk Privacy Policy.
);
Sentry to collect information about crashes and malfunctions in the Applications (
Sentry Privacy Policy
);
Brevo to send you marketing email notifications (
Brevo Privacy Policy
) if you register your RAK ID within the platform.
government institutions that may request access to your personal data.
Please note that we and the aforementioned recipients are located in jurisdictions
    that may not ensure the same level of data protection as the country of your residence.
    We will endeavor to protect your personal data while it is processed, stored, or transferred.
    If and to the extent we are subject to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation,
    when we transfer personal data to a country that does not ensure the same level of data
    protection as the country of your residence, we will use additional safeguards,
    namely, Standard Contractual Clauses.
Your Rights
According to the applicable data protection legislation, you may have the
    following data protection rights:
right to access:
You are able to request access to your personal data that we store about
            you. Among other, you may ask us regarding:
the purposes for collecting personal information about you;
categories of personal information concerned;
who receives your personal information or categories of such recipients;
how long we are going to store the information about you and if not
                    possible criteria to determine the storage period;
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
when your personal information was obtained not from you directly,
                    the source where it came from;
the existence of either profiling activities or automated decision-making
                    based on your personal information. Where such activities are performed,
                    we should also inform you about their importance, and expected consequences of them;
copy of your personal information processing. For such requests further,
                    we may charge you with a reasonable fee. We generally provide users with
                    an electronic copy of their personal information unless they request otherwise.
right to rectification:
You have the right to correct inaccurate (for example, old or incorrect)
            personal information related to you.
right to erasure or the right to be forgotten:
You have, under certain circumstances, the right to request the erasure of your personal information.
            Please note, that this right only applies to the data available at the time of
            request and is not applicable to future data.
Request to the erasure of personal information is possible when:
personal information is no longer needed for the purposes it was
                    primarily collected or processed;
when you have already withdrawn your consent for processing your personal
                    data, and we do not have other legal ground to process it;
when your personal data is processed under legitimate interest
                    and you object to such legal ground. Moreover, there is no
                    overriding legitimate interest to proceed processing of your personal data;
your personal information was unlawfully processed;
when your personal data has to be erased due to legal obligation.
right to restrict processing:
You may request us to stop processing your personal information when:
you have reasonable doubts that your information is accurate,
                and we are verifying the accuracy of such information;
your personal information was unlawfully processed;
the purpose of your personal information collection no longer exists,
                but you wish to store it longer to defend a legal claim.
Moreover, you may request us to stop processing your personal data while
            we are working on a rectification request or request to object to
            processing your personal information.
right to data portability:
You have the right to obtain from us and further, reuse your personal data
            for your own purposes within other services. You will also be able to
            transfer your personal information from one IT environment to another
            in a safe and secure way, when certain conditions apply, such as:
processing is based on your consent or needed for the contract
                    performance;
the processing is made only electronically, without any paper-based
                    files included.
right to object:
You have the right to object the processing your personal information at any time.
            This allows you to prevent us from processing your personal information.
            This right is absolute, but applies when one of the following conditions are met:
your personal information is used for direct marketing purposes;
the processing is based on our legitimate interest;
we are performing tasks carried out for the public interest or by
                    governmental authority;
your personal information was processed for either research or
                    statistical purposes.
right not to be subject to automated decision-making and profiling:
Currently, neither we nor the Applications use your personal data for
            profiling or decisions made solely by automated means.
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority:
You have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority in
            a country you either reside, permanently live, work, or in a country where
            data protection infringement takes place.
Personal Information of Minors
Application is not intended for the use of children (under 18 years old or older,
    if the country of your residence determines a higher age restriction). We do not
    knowingly market to, or solicit data from children. We do not knowingly process,
    collect, or use the personal data of children, and in case we receive such data,
    we will erase it within a reasonable timeframe.
Revisions
We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review and may update it at any time.
    If we make any changes to this document, we will change the “Last Updated”
    date above. Please, review this Privacy Notice regularly, or follow the
    updates within the Applications.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy-and-data-protection/#gdpr-sub:
Skip to main content
Secure Customer Service
Cover your bases
Zendesk takes security very seriously—just ask the number of
Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies
that trust us with their data. We use a combination of enterprise-class security features and comprehensive audits of our applications, systems, and networks to ensure that your data is protected, which means every customer can rest easy—our own included.
Security
Privacy
Zendesk AI
Legal
Compliance Certifications and Memberships
Zendesk uses best practices and industry standards to achieve compliance with industry-accepted general security and privacy frameworks, which in turn helps our subscribers meet their own compliance standards.
SOC 2 Type II
We undergo routine audits to receive updated SOC 2 Type II reports, available upon request and under NDA.
Request the latest SOC 2 Type II report
.
ISO 27001:2022
Zendesk is ISO 27001:2022 certified.
Download the certificate
.
ISO 27018:2019
Zendesk is ISO 27018:2019 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
ISO 27701:2019
Zendesk is ISO 27701:2019 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
ISO 27017:2015
Zendesk is ISO 27017:2015 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
FedRAMP LI-SaaS
Zendesk is FedRAMP authorized with Low Impact Software-as-a-Service (LI-SaaS) and is listed in the
FedRAMP Marketplace
. US Government agency subscribers can request access to the Zendesk FedRAMP Security Package by
completing a Package Access Request Form
or submitting a request to
fedramp@zendesk.com
.
PCI-DSS
For more information on
automatically redacting credit card numbers
or
adding a credit card identification field
HIPAA
For more information on our HIPAA program and our BAA
HDS
For more information on our HDS program
McAfee Cloud Trust - McAfee Enterprise Ready
Zendesk received the
McAfee CloudTrust Program
.  The program presents the McAfee Enterprise-Ready seal to only those services that have the highest CloudTrust™ rating possible. These are among the services that have earned McAfee's CloudTrust™ and a rating of McAfee Enterprise-Ready based on their attributes across the data, user and device, security, business, and legal evaluation categories.
Cloud Security Alliance (CSA)
Zendesk is a member of the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA), a not-for-profit organization with a mission to promote the use of best practices for providing security assurance within Cloud Computing. CSA has launched the Security, Trust & Assurance Registry (STAR), a publicly accessible registry that documents the security controls provided by various cloud computing offerings. Zendesk completed a publicly available Consensus Assessment Initiative (CAI) Questionnaire, based on the results of our due diligence self-assessment.
The CSA CAIQ is available
here
.
IT-ISAC
Zendesk is a member of
IT-ISAC
, a group focused on bringing together a diverse set of private sector companies to leverage evolving technology and have a common commitment to security. IT-ISAC enables collaboration and sharing of relevant, actionable threat intelligence information and practices. They moderate special interest groups that focus on Intelligence, Insider Threat, Physical Security, and other specific areas to help further our mission of securing Zendesk.
FIRST
Zendesk is a member of
FIRST
, an international confederation of incident response teams that cooperatively handles computer security incidents and promotes incident prevention programs. FIRST members develop and share technical information, tools, methodologies, processes and best practices. As a member of FIRST, Zendesk Security works with other members to use their combined knowledge, skills, and experience to promote a safer and more secure global electronic environment.
Financial Services Qualifications System (FSQS)
Zendesk has satisfied all requirements (Stage 1 and Stage 2) to become fully registered on the FSQS (Financial Services Qualification System) supplier qualification system, as set out by participating buying organisations. Request the latest FSQS Certificate
here
.
More details about FSQS
https://hellios.com/fsqs/
.
Artifacts
We can provide additional resources upon request.
ISO 27001:2022 certificates
ISO 27018:2019 certificate
ISO 27701:2019 certificate
ISO 27017:2015 certificate
SOC 3 Report
Datasheet / White Paper
Network Architecture Diagrams
Support/Guide
Chat
Talk
CSA CAIQ
Risk Ledger
FSQS (Financial Services Qualification System)
SIG Lite
VSA
HECVAT Lite
Get resources
The following resources may require an NDA on file. Click the button to gain access.
Certificate of Insurance
SOC 2 Type II Report
Annual Penetration Test Summary
Get resources
Cloud Security
Facilities
Zendesk hosts Service Data primarily in AWS data centers that have been certified as ISO 27001, PCI DSS Service Provider Level 1, and/or SOC 2 compliant.
Learn about Compliance at AWS
.
AWS infrastructure services include backup power, HVAC systems, and fire suppression equipment to help protect servers and ultimately your data.
Learn about Data Center Controls at AWS
.
On-Site Security
AWS on-site security includes features such as security guards, fencing, security feeds, intrusion detection technology, and other security measures.
Learn about AWS physical security
.
Data Hosting Location
Zendesk leverages AWS data centers in the United States, Europe, and Asia Pacific.
Learn about Data Hosting Locations for your Zendesk Service Data
.
Zendesk offers multiple data locality choices including the United States (US), Australia (AU), Japan (JP), or European Economic Area (EEA). For more information on product, plan, and regional offerings please see our
Regional Data Hosting Policy
.
Zendesk minimizes risks associated with third-party vendors by performing security reviews on all vendors with any level of access to our systems or Service Data.
Dedicated Security Team
Our globally distributed Security Team is on call 24/7 to respond to security alerts and events.
Protection
Our network is protected through the use of key AWS security services, integration with our Cloudflare edge protection networks, regular audits, and network intelligence technologies, which monitor and/or block known malicious traffic and network attacks.
Architecture
Our network security architecture consists of multiple security zones. More sensitive systems like database servers are protected in our most trusted zones. Other systems are housed in zones commensurate with their sensitivity, depending on function, information classification, and risk. Depending on the zone, additional security monitoring and access controls will apply. DMZs are utilized between the Internet, and internally between the different zones of trust.
Network Vulnerability Scanning
Network security scanning gives us deep insight for quick identification of out-of-compliance or potentially vulnerable systems.
Third-Party Penetration Tests
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, each year Zendesk employs third-party security experts to perform a broad penetration test across the Zendesk Production and Corporate Networks.
Security Incident Event Management
Our Security Incident Event Management (SIEM) system gathers extensive logs from important network devices and host systems. The SIEM alerts on triggers that notify the Security team based on correlated events for investigation and response.
Intrusion Detection and Prevention
Service ingress and egress points are instrumented and monitored to detect anomalous behavior. These systems are configured to generate alerts when incidents and values exceed predetermined thresholds and use regularly updated signatures based on new threats. This includes 24/7 system monitoring.
Threat Intelligence Program
Zendesk participates in several threat intelligence sharing programs. We monitor threats posted to these threat intelligence networks and take action based on risk.
DDoS Mitigation
Zendesk has architected a multi-layer approach to DDoS mitigation. A core technology partnership with Cloudflare provides network edge defenses, while the use of AWS scaling and protection tools provides deeper protection along with our use of AWS DDoS specific services.
Logical Access
Access to the Zendesk Production Network is restricted on an explicit need-to-know basis, utilizes least privilege, is frequently audited and monitored, and is controlled by our Operations Team. Employees accessing the Zendesk Production Network are required to use multiple factors of authentication.
Security Incident Response
In case of a system alert, events are escalated to our 24/7 teams providing Operations, Network Engineering, and Security coverage. Employees are trained on security incident response processes, including communication channels and escalation paths.
Encryption in Transit
All communications with Zendesk UI and APIs are encrypted via industry standard HTTPS/TLS (TLS 1.2 or higher) over public networks. This ensures that all traffic between you and Zendesk is secure during transit. Additionally for email, our product leverages opportunistic TLS by default. Transport Layer Security (TLS) encrypts and delivers email securely, mitigating eavesdropping between mail servers where peer services support this protocol. Exceptions for encryption may include any use of in-product SMS functionality, any other third-party app, integration, or service subscribers may choose to leverage at their own discretion.
Encryption at Rest
Service Data is encrypted at rest in AWS using AES-256 key encryption.
Uptime
Zendesk maintains a publicly available
system-status webpage
, which includes system availability details, scheduled maintenance, service incident history, and relevant security events.
Redundancy
Zendesk employs service clustering and network redundancies to eliminate single points of failure. Our strict backup regime and/or our
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
service offering allows us to deliver a high level of service availability, as Service Data is replicated across availability zones.
Disaster Recovery
Our
Disaster Recovery (DR) program
ensures that our services remain available and are easily recoverable in the case of a disaster.
This is accomplished through building a robust technical environment, creating Disaster Recovery plans, and testing
activities
.
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
Our
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
package adds contractual objectives for Recovery Time Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point Objective (RPO). These are supported through our capability to prioritize operations of Enhanced Disaster Recovery subscribers during any declared disaster event.
Get more information on Disaster Recovery Guarantees.
Application Security
Secure Code Training
Annual secure code training for all engineers, based on OWASP Top 10 security risks.
Framework Security Controls
Zendesk leverages modern and secure open-source frameworks with security controls to limit exposure to OWASP Top 10 security risks. These inherent controls reduce our exposure to SQL Injection (SQLi), Cross Site Scripting (XSS), and Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF), among others.
Quality Assurance
Our Quality Assurance (QA) department reviews and tests our code base. Dedicated application security engineers on staff identify, test, and triage security vulnerabilities in code.
Separate Environments
Testing and staging environments are logically separated from the Production environment. No Service Data is used in our development or test environments.
Dynamic Vulnerability Scanning
We employ third-party security tooling to continuously and dynamically scan our core applications against common web application security risks, including, but not limited to the OWASP Top 10 security risks. We maintain a dedicated in-house product security team to test and work with engineering teams to remediate any discovered issues.
Software Composition Analysis
We scan the libraries and dependencies used in our products to identify vulnerabilities and ensure the vulnerabilities are managed.
Third-Party Penetration Testing
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, Zendesk employs third-party security experts to perform detailed penetration tests on different applications within our family of products.
Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program
Our
Responsible Disclosure Program
gives security researchers as well as subscribers an avenue for safely testing and notifying Zendesk of security vulnerabilities through our partnership with
HackerOne
.
Product Security
Authentication Options
Zendesk has several different authentication options. Subscribers can turn on Zendesk authentication (email and password sign-in), social media single sign-on (SSO) (such as Facebook and Google), and enterprise SSO (such as SAML and OIDC) for end user and team member authentication.
Learn about user access
.
Configurable Password Policy
Zendesk native authentication for products available through the
Admin Center
provides the following levels of password security: low, medium, and high, as well as set custom password rules for agents and admins. Zendesk also allows different password security levels to apply to end users vs. agents and admins. Only admins can change the password security level.
Learn about configurable password policies
.
2-Factor Authentication (2FA)
Zendesk native authentication for products available through the
Admin Center
offers 2-factor (2FA) for agents and admins via SMS or an authenticator app.
Learn about 2FA
.
Service Credential Storage
Zendesk follows secure credential storage best practices by never storing passwords in human-readable format, and only as the result of a secure, salted, one-way hash.
Advanced Data Privacy and Protection
For businesses that need a higher level of data privacy and security, Zendesk offers the
Advanced Data Privacy and Protection add-on
. The add-on includes capabilities for BYOK encryption, customizable data retention policies, data masking, PII redaction, and access logs.
Role-Based Access Controls
Access to data within Zendesk applications is governed by role-based access control (RBAC) and can be configured to define granular access privileges. Zendesk supports various permission levels for users (owner, admin, agent, end-user, etc.).
Learn about user roles:
Support Default Roles
Support Custom Roles *Enterprise only
Chat Default Roles
Chat Custom Roles *Enterprise only
Explore Default Roles
Guide Default Roles
Talk Default Roles
Session Time
Details on global security and user access
IP Restrictions
Any Zendesk account can restrict access to their Zendesk Support to users within a specific range of IP addresses. Only users from the allowed IP addresses will be able to sign in to your Zendesk account. You can allow subscribers (not agents or admins) to bypass this restriction. For more information, see
Restricting access to Zendesk Support and your Help Center using IP restrictions
and
Using IP Access Restriction in Chat
.
Hosted Encryption Certificates for Help Center (TLS)
Zendesk provides free TLS encryption for host-mapped Guide help centers. Zendesk uses Let’s Encrypt to request certificates and automatically renews the certificate before it expires.
You can also upload your own certificate, if you choose.
To learn more about setting up encryption certificates for a Guide help center please see
Setting up a hosted TLS encryption certificate
.
File Restrictions in Chat
Zendesk Chat allows the ability to restrict what file types are sent to agents. Alternatively, you can choose to turn off file sending entirely in the Chat product. To learn about this feature, see
Managing file sending in live chat
.
Audit Logs
Zendesk offers Audit Logs to accounts with Enterprise/Enterprise Plus plans. These logs include account changes, user changes, app changes, business rules, ticket deletions, and settings. The Audit Log is available in both the
Admin Center
and
Support API
. To learn more about Audit Logs and see what information is available within the log please see
Viewing the audit log for changes
.
Private Attachments
Subscribers can configure their instance so that users are required to sign in to view ticket attachments.
Learn about Private Attachments
.
Redaction
Zendesk has two types of redaction for removing sensitive data: Manual redaction provides the ability to redact or remove sensitive data in Support ticket comments, and securely delete attachments, so you can protect confidential information. The data is redacted from tickets via the UI or API to prevent sensitive information from being stored in Zendesk. Learn about redaction via the
UI
or
API
.
Automatic redaction allows for automatic redaction of credit card numbers from subscriber-submitted tickets. When enabled, credit card numbers are partially replaced with blank boxes in the ticket. They are also redacted from logs and database entries. To learn more about how to enable this feature and how credit card numbers are identified, see
Automatically redacting credit card numbers from tickets
and from
chats
.
Spam Filter for Guide help center
Zendesk’s spam filtering service can be used to prevent end-user spam posts from being published in your Guide help center.
Learn about filtering spam in Guide
.
Email Signing (DKIM/DMARC)
Zendesk offers
DKIM
(Domain Keys Identified Mail) and
DMARC
(Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, & Conformance) for signing outbound emails from Zendesk when you have to set up an external email domain on your Zendesk. Using an email service that supports these features helps you stop email spoofing.
Learn about digitally signing your email
.
Device Tracking
Zendesk tracks the devices used to sign in to each user account. When someone signs into an account from a new device, it is added to the device list in that user's profile. That user can get an email notification when a new device is added, and should follow up if the activity seems suspicious. Suspicious sessions can be terminated through the agent UI.
Learn about device tracking
.
HR Security
Policies
Zendesk has developed a comprehensive set of security policies covering a range of topics. These policies are shared with and made available to all employees and contractors with access to Zendesk information assets.
Training
All employees attend a Security Awareness Training, which is given upon hire and annually thereafter. All engineers receive annual Secure Code Training. The Security team provides additional security awareness updates via email, blog posts, and in presentations during internal events.
Background Checks
Zendesk performs background checks on all new employees in accordance with local laws. These checks are also required for contractors. The background check includes criminal, education, and employment verification. Cleaning crews are included.
Confidentiality Agreements
All new hires are required to sign Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality agreements.
Welcome to the Zendesk Global Privacy Program
Zendesk has a formal global privacy and data protection program, which includes cross-functional key stakeholders including Legal, Security, Product, and Executive sectors of the company. As privacy advocates, we work diligently to ensure our Services and team members are dedicated to compliance with applicable regulatory and industry frameworks.
Compliance
The Australian Privacy Act of 1998 (as amended) provides several data subject rights and added mandatory notification of eligible data breaches. Unlike the GDPR, there are no concepts of data controller and data processor.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/anz-privacy/
The Brazilian General Data Protection Law or Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”), was entered into effect on September 18, 2020. LGPD is a comprehensive data protection law which covers the activities of data controllers and processors and provides individual rights.
Zendesk subscribers that collect and store personal data in Zendesk Services may be considered “controllers” under the LGPD. Controllers bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection law, including the LGPD. Zendesk acts as a “processor,” as such term is defined in the LGPD, with respect to the processing of personal data through our Services.
Subscribers can view our
Product Guides
and
Service Data Deletion Policy
for more detailed information on how to use Zendesk’s products to align with compliance initiatives.The National Authority for Protection Data (“ANPD”) may issue additional guidance for the LGPD in the future. Zendesk will continue to actively track the law and we will continue to keep our subscribers updated on features and functionality they can use to support their compliance efforts.
Zendesk’s LGPD Addendum has been incorporated into Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement. If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement, please
click here.
The
California Consumer Privacy Act
, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”) is a U.S. law enacted in the State of California, which went into force on January 1, 2020. It expands upon the privacy rights available to certain California consumers, and requires certain companies to comply with various data protection requirements. Please also visit the final
CCPA Regulations
and the
California Privacy Rights Act
(“CPRA”). A few CPRA provisions went into effect on December 16, 2020, with the remaining provisions of the CPRA becoming operative on January 1, 2023.
Zendesk subscribers that collect and store personal information in Zendesk Services may be considered “Businesses” under the CCPA. Businesses bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection law, including the CCPA. Zendesk acts as a “Service Provider,” as such term is defined in the current version of the CCPA, with respect to the processing of personal information through our Services. Therefore, Zendesk collects, accesses, maintains, uses, processes, and transfers the personal information of our subscribers and our subscriber’s end-users processed through the Services solely for the purpose of performing our obligations under our existing contract(s) with our subscribers; and for no commercial purpose other than the performance of such obligations and improvement of the Services we provide.
We do not “sell” our subscriber’s personal information as defined under the CCPA. We may share aggregated and/or anonymized information regarding use of the Service(s), which is not considered personal information under the CCPA, with third parties to help us develop and improve the Services and provide our subscribers with more relevant content and service offerings as detailed in our subscriber agreements.
Zendesk’s CCPA Addendum has been incorporated into Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement. If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement, please
click here.
If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s US State Addendum to the Main Services Agreement, please
click here
.
Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act went into effect in 2000 and is focused around ten fair information principles, which form the rules for collection, use, access, and disclosure of personal information. In October of 2021, the International Technology Association of Canada and Information Technology Industry Council suggested changes to PIPEDA to provide greater privacy and transparency rights for Canadian citizens.
You can review and/or execute Zendesk’s DPA
here
. The Zendesk DPA covers the specific processing activities and security measures applicable to our Services and incorporates the new EU Standard Contractual Clauses (“EU SCCs”).
Subscribers can read our
Product Guides
and
Service Data Deletion Policy
for detailed information on how to use Zendesk’s products to assist in compliance with data protection and privacy laws.
Since our inception, Zendesk’s approach has been anchored by a strong commitment to privacy, security, compliance, and transparency. This approach includes supporting our subscribers’ compliance with EU data protection requirements, such as those set out in the
General Data Protection Regulation
(“GDPR”).
If a subscriber collects, transmits, hosts, or analyzes personal data of EU citizens, GDPR requires the subscriber to use third-party data processors who guarantee their ability to implement the technical and organizational requirements of the GDPR. To further earn our subscribers’ trust, our Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”) has been updated to provide our customers with contractual commitments regarding our compliance with applicable EU data protection law and to implement additional contractual provisions required by the GDPR.
Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs)
: Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) are company-wide data protection policies approved by European data protection authorities to facilitate intra-group transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries outside the EEA. BCRs are based on strict privacy principles established by European Union data protection authorities and require intensive consultation with those authorities. Subscribers can find the full list of approved entities on the Binding Corporate Rules Approved List
here
. In 2017 Zendesk completed the EU approval process with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner (“DPC”) (peer reviewed by both the UK Information Commissioner’s Office and the Dutch Data Protection Authority) BCRs as processor and as a controller. This significant regulatory approval validated Zendesk’s implementation of the highest possible standards for protecting personal data globally, covering both the personal data of its customers and its employees. Zendesk is one of the first software companies in the world to have received approval for its BCRs; and was the second company ever to receive approval from the Irish DPC.
To access Zendesk’s EU BCRs, please visit:
Zendesk’s Processor EU Binding Corporate Rules
Zendesk’s Controller EU Binding Corporate Rules
To access Zendesk's UK BCRs, please visit:
Zendesk’s Processor UK Binding Corporate Rules
Zendesk’s Controller UK Binding Corporate Rules
Data Subject Requests
: An individual who seeks to exercise their data protection rights in respect of personal data stored or processed by us on behalf of a subscriber of ours within the subscriber’s Service Data (including to seek access to, or to correct, amend, delete, port, or restrict processing of such personal data) should direct such query to our subscriber (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our subscribers to remove personal data from Zendesk, we will respond to such request within thirty (30) days. We will retain personal data that we process and store on behalf of our subscribers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our subscribers.
Data Protection Officer
: Zendesk’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) can be reached at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
.
HDS enables healthcare providers in France to use Zendesk’s customer service and engagement platform with confidence that our platform has appropriate technical and governance measures in place to secure and protect personal health information (PHI). Additional information is available
here
.
The New Zealand Privacy Act in 2020 commenced on December 1, 2020, applies to agencies and maintains the principle-based framework of the 1993 Act. The 2020 Act states that organisations are responsible for ensuring that personal information sent outside of New Zealand is adequately protected and added mandatory breach notification requirements.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/anz-privacy/
The Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore establishes data protection laws that govern the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Data as of July 2, 2014. Zendesk is a recognized Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore (IDA) Data Intermediary as a Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) Service Provider. Additional information is available
here
.
The United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union on 31 January 2020. On 28 June 2021, the European Commission adopted
adequacy decisions
for transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom under GDPR.
To achieve a HIPAA-Enabled Account, you will need to (1) purchase the Advanced Security Deployed Associated Service or Advanced Compliance Deployed Associated Service Add-On; (2) enable a set of security configurations as outlined by Zendesk; and (3) execute our
Business Associate Agreement
(“BAA”). For more details, including a list of which Services can be HIPAA-enabled, please see
Advanced Compliance
.
Subscriber Service Data Details
Service Data is any information, including personal data, which is stored in or transmitted via the Zendesk Services by, or on behalf of, our subscribers and their end-users. We use Service Data to operate and improve our Services, help customers access and use the Services, respond to subscriber inquiries, and send communications related to the Services.
Access
: Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help customers effectively protect their information. We do not access or use customer content for any purpose other than providing, maintaining, and improving the Zendesk services and as otherwise required by law. See
here
for additional information.
Data Hosting
: Zendesk uses Amazon Web Services to host Service Data as described
here
and in the
Regional Data Hosting Policy
. For additional information, please also see the
Security section
.
Default Data Types Collected by the Service
: Zendesk has created a
list of data points
, categorized by product. For the full picture of data types, subscribers can use this list in conjunction with their specific intended use case and resultant data types.
Legal or Government Requests
: Privacy, data security, and subscriber trust are our top priorities. Zendesk does not disclose Service Data, except as necessary to provide our Services and to comply with applicable laws, as detailed in our
Privacy Notice
. To assist our subscribers in performing compliance reviews, we have additional resources:
Transparency Report
and
Government Request Policy
.
Ownership
: From a privacy perspective, the subscriber is the controller of Service Data and Zendesk is a processor. This means that throughout the time that you subscribe to services with Zendesk, you retain ownership of and control over Service Data in your Zendesk instance.
Replication
: Zendesk periodically replicates data for purposes of archival, backup, and audit logs. We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) to store some of the information that is backed up, such as database information and attachment files. Please see our
Regional Data Hosting Policy
for further details.
Security
: Zendesk prioritizes data security and combines enterprise-class security features with comprehensive audits of our applications, systems, and networks to ensure subscriber and business data is protected. See additional information
here
.
Security Incidents
: For more information about security incident management see our
Security Incident Response
.
Sub-processors
: Zendesk may use sub-processors, including affiliates of Zendesk, as well as third-party companies, to provide, secure, or improve the Services, and such sub-processors may have access to Service Data. Our
Sub-processors policy
provides an up-to-date list of the names and locations of all sub-processors.
Termination
: Zendesk maintains a
Service Data Deletion Policy
that describes Zendesk’s data deletion processes upon subscriber’s termination or expiration of the Zendesk subscription.
Privacy Related Policies
Cookie Policy
Detailed information about how and when we use cookies on Zendesk websites.
In-Product Cookie Policy
Provides information about how and when Zendesk uses cookies within the Zendesk Services.
Service Data Deletion Policy
How our Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the cancellation, termination, or migration of an Account within the Zendesk Services.
Shared Responsibility Model
This framework clarifies which party is responsible for which controls related to the security and privacy of your data.
Application Features Related to Privacy
Zendesk has tools for each of its products to assist with user requests and other obligations under applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, such as data access, correction, portability, deletion, and objection. To learn about the features and functionality in each Zendesk product, please see
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection in Zendesk products
.
Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help subscribers effectively protect their information. We do not access or use subscriber data for any purpose other than providing, maintaining, and improving the Zendesk Services and as otherwise required by applicable law. Additional information is available
here
.
Zendesk has achieved a number of internationally recognized certifications and accreditations demonstrating compliance with third-party assurance frameworks. Security certifications are described
here
.
Subscribers who purchase the
Data Center Location Deployed Associated Service
(“Data Center Location Add-on”), or have the Data Center Location functionality in their Service Plan, have the ability to select the region that will host their Service Data from a list of Zendesk available regions.
Zendesk has a robust global privacy and data protection program, which takes a unified approach to privacy and information governance to give customers flexibility to manage personal data that lives within Zendesk’s systems. For details, see our product guides:
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection in Zendesk Products
.
Zendesk has two types of redaction for removing sensitive data:
Manual redaction provides the ability to redact or remove sensitive data in Support ticket comments, and securely delete attachments so that you can protect confidential information. The data is redacted from tickets via the UI or API to prevent sensitive information from being stored in Zendesk.
Learn more about redaction via the UI or API
.
Automatic redaction allows for automatic redaction of credit card numbers from Agent- or End-User-submitted tickets. When enabled, credit card numbers are partially replaced with blank boxes in the ticket. The numbers are also redacted from logs and database entries.
Learn how to enable this feature and how the credit card numbers are identified
.
Zendesk AI
Zendesk AI is built based on the core principles of privacy, security, and compliance, by design. Our commitment to providing businesses with secure, trusted products and solutions is embedded in our DNA. As part of this, Zendesk leverages a set of
design principles
that not only set the standard for how we design, develop and build everything we do, but set a clear foundation for our use of AI for customer experiences (CX and employee experience (EX)).
Service Data processed by Zendesk AI is subject to all security standards and commitments, including compliance with Zendesk’s robust
Enterprise Security Measures
, and storage within Zendesk’s
SOC 2-compliant environment
. Service Data will not be shared with any other customer.
Generative AI features are currently powered by OpenAI. OpenAI deletes all data after producing the output, without any storage. OpenAI data security practices are available
here
.
All models developed by Zendesk are classification models – this means they are trained to read and classify inputs into one of a set number of categories created by Zendesk. Because these models are not generative, no content is produced by the model, and
it is not possible for data to be reproduced by the model
.
Does Zendesk use customer Service Data to train machine learning models?
Zendesk offers three types of machine learning functionality:
1. Account-specific ML functionality:
Zendesk creates machine learning models tailored to a customer’s account using only data existing in the account. Account-specific models will not be used by any other customer.
2. Generic ML functionality:
Zendesk uses Service Data to train its generic, cross-account machine learning models to be predictive and useful to multiple Zendesk customers. These include global and industry models. These models will never disclose one customer’s Service Data to another customer, because they are not “generative” (i.e., they do not create text).
3. Generative ML functionality supported by OpenAI:
OpenAI models are pre-trained and Zendesk customer data will never be used by OpenAI (or any other third party) to train their model(s).
How does Zendesk protect Service Data when used for model training?
Before Service Data is used to train generic ML functionality, Zendesk applies aggregation and sanitation processes, as necessary. No fields designed to intake personal data or ticket attachments are used for model training.
Zendesk is committed to ensuring that no Service Data will be reproduced by the model.
There is no risk that one customer’s data will be exposed to another customer through the model’s output. See
AI Data Use Information
.
Hallucinations are an intrinsic risk for generative AI features. Zendesk does two things to mitigate this risk:
Zendesk utilizes the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) technique to ensure that generated replies or search results are grounded in specific knowledge base content
Zendesk development team regularly inspects replies with negative end user feedback for hallucinations to develop tools that can automatically detect and prevent such scenarios.
All Service Data is hosted in Zendesk’s existing
AWS regions
. For sub-processor hosting locations, please see the
Zendesk Sub-processor Policy
Use of Zendesk AI does not impact any Subscriber data locality commitments, including those available in the
Data Center Location Add-on
. Service Data of eligible Subscribers will continue to be hosted in the selected region.
Note: Zendesk WFM (Tymeshift), Zendesk QA (Klaus), and Ultimate Service Data are hosted in Google Cloud Platform in the regions provided below:
US, Germany
Germany
US, Belgium
All Zendesk products and features are designed with privacy in-mind, and the Zendesk AI is no different.
Subscribers are able to
comply
with various privacy laws (including GDPR and CCPA) when using Zendesk, including Zendesk AI features.
The Zendesk AI is eligible for coverage under
Zendesk’s Business Associate Agreement (BAA)
.
Subscribers interested in executing a BAA with Zendesk must have access to the
Advanced Compliance Add-on
.
Data Security
OpenAI data security practices are available
here
.
Model Security
Zendesk uses pre-trained OpenAI models, and Service Data will never be used by OpenAI for any purpose other than to provide and secure its service to Subscriber. Once the output is delivered, the Service Data is deleted.
Model Training
OpenAI will never use Service Data for model training or any other form of service improvement.
Data Hosting and Locality
OpenAI supports data processing locality in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland for eligible customers. However, please note that OpenAI does not store or host Service Data, which is only processed in memory to deliver the output.
Data Privacy
Zendesk uses OpenAI’s ‘Zero Data Retention’ policy so that no Service Data is stored or hosted by OpenAI after the output has been delivered. As a result, using OpenAI does not impact Subscribers’ ability to
comply
with various privacy laws (including GDPR and CCPA) when using Zendesk.
All OpenAI features within Zendesk are optional. Subscribers who do not wish to use these features do not have to turn them on, and are always able to disable the features through the Admin Center.
HIPAA
Select OpenAI-powered features are available for use with HIPAA-enabled accounts. Please see the
Advanced Compliance
page for more information.
You can learn more about Ultimate’s AI agent Security & Privacy
here
.
Legal
Our agreements and policies provide our subscribers transparency and detailed information about Zendesk’s Services, which in turn support our subscribers in meeting their own legal and compliance standards.
Zendesk offers several data processing agreements and other addenda to support subscribers’ compliance with data privacy laws, available for execution
here
. These include:
Data Processing Agreement
(DPA)
United States HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
(BAA)
Main Services Agreement
(MSA)
US State Addendum
Accessibility Policy
Subscribers can leverage our Voluntary Product Accessibility Template in making their preliminary assessments.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The minimum standards that we expect from our directors, officers, employees and contingent workers in the conduct of our business.
Cookie Policy
Detailed information about how and when we use cookies on Zendesk websites.
In-Product Cookie Policy
Provides information about how and when Zendesk uses cookies within the Zendesk Services.
Copyright Infringement Notice & Takedown Policy
How Zendesk handles notifications of infringement.
Data Deletion Policy
How our Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the cancellation, termination, or migration of an Account within the Zendesk Services.
Legal or Government Request Policy
Addresses Zendesk’s procedure for responding to a request received from a law enforcement or other government authority.
Privacy Notice
Describes how Zendesk collects, uses, shares, and secures personal data.
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Where Zendesk Service Data can be hosted if a Subscriber purchases or enables the Data Center Location Add-On.
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Programs for security researchers to report discoveries of security vulnerability in the Zendesk Services.
Additional Zendesk policies are available
here
.
Transparency Report
Disclosure of Service Data
: Zendesk only discloses Service Data to third parties where disclosure is necessary to provide or improve the services or as required to respond to lawful requests from public authorities. Please see our
Government Data Request Policy
as well as the
Zendesk Transparency Report
.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship
Sign up for a trial
Take a tour
Sub-policy 1
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 2
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the 'Accept All' button to agree to the use of cookies or click 'Cookie Settings' to manage your preferences. To opt out of non-essential cookies, click 'Reject All'.
Cookie Notice
Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 3
https://www.brevo.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Table of contents
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
If the legal entity you represent or act on behalf of is incorporated in the
USA, Canada, Australia or New Zealand
, the following terms are applicable to you:
Sendinblue Inc. Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, this latter Privacy Policy (II) shall also be applicable.
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue SAS
(collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”).
In the course of its activity and for the purposes of providing the Services (as defined in our General Terms of Use), Brevo is required to collect and process the personal data of its users (hereafter referred to as the “Users”).
This privacy policy, implemented by Brevo, is intended to provide the Users with a summary and overview of the processing of personal data carried out by Brevo.
Brevo attaches particular importance to the respect for the privacy of the Users and of the confidentiality of their personal data, and is thus committed to processing the data in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereafter referred to as the “Data Protection Act”), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
Definitions
Personal data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, that is, a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more elements specific to that person.
Processing of personal data:
any operation or any set of operations relating to personal data, whatever the process used, and in particular the collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, as well as locking, erasure, or destruction.
Cookie :
a cookie is a piece of information placed on the hard drive of Internet users by the server of the site they visit. It contains several pieces of data: the name of the server which installed it, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and possibly an expiry date. This information is sometimes stored on the computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save pieces of information.
Data Controller – DPO
The data controller for the processing of the personal data referred to herein is Brevo, a simplified joint stock company with a share capital of 387,722 Euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 498 019 298 and whose registered office is located at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France.
Brevo has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at the following address: dpo@brevo.com.
Data collected
Brevo collects data from Users in order to make the Services for which they have subscribed to the platform available to them.
The mandatory or optional nature of the data provided (in order to complete the Users’ registration and to render the Services) is indicated at the time of collection by an asterisk.
In addition, certain data is collected automatically as a result of the User’s actions on the site (see the paragraph on cookies).
Purposes
The personal data collected by Brevo during the provision of the Services is necessary for the performance of the contracts concluded with the Users, or to allow Brevo to pursue its legitimate interests while respecting the rights of the Users. Certain data may also be processed based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes for which Brevo processes data are the following:
commercial and accounting management of the contract;
management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
detection of malicious behaviour (fraud, phishing, spam, etc.);
the improvement of the Users path on the site;
more generally, any purpose referred to in Article 2 of Deliberation No. 2012-209 of 21 June 2012 creating a simplified standard for the automated processing of personal data relating to the management of users and prospects.
Recipients of the data
The personal data collected is intended for Brevo’s commercial and accounting departments. It may be transmitted to Brevo’s subsidiaries, or to third-party data processors which Brevo is authorized to use within the context of the performance of its Services.
In this context, personal data may be transferred to an EU or non-EU country. Brevo implements guarantees ensuring the protection and security of this data, in compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Brevo does not transfer or rent personal data to third parties for marketing purposes without the express consent of the Users of Brevo.
In addition, personal data may only be disclosed to third parties for purposes other than marketing in the following cases:
with their authorisation;
at the request of the competent legal authorities, upon judicial request, or in the context of a legal dispute.
Data retention period
To satisfy its legal obligations or in order to have the necessary elements to assert its rights, Brevo will be able to retain the data under the conditions established by applicable rules and regulations.
Thus, personal data collected by Brevo relating to the identity and contact details of its Users is retained for a maximum period of two years after the termination of the contractual relationship for Users that are customers, or from their collection by the data controller or the last contact from the Users that are prospects, for the data relating to the latter.
The termination of the contractual relationship is understood as the express termination of the contract by the User, or the non-use of Brevo Services for a period of five years.
Rights of Users
In accordance with applicable rules, the Users have the right to access and rectify their personal data, which enables them to rectify, complete, update, or delete data that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, or outdated, or whose collection, use, communication, or storage is prohibited.
The Users also have the right to request the limitation of the processing, and to oppose on legitimate grounds the processing of their personal data. The User may also communicate instructions on the fate of their personal data in the event of their death.
Where applicable, the User may request the portability of their personal data or, where the legal basis for the processing is consent, withdraw their consent at any time.
The Users may exercise their rights by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com or a letter to:
Sendinblue SAS  — DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
These requests shall be processed within a maximum period of 30 days.
The Users may also at any time modify the data pertaining to them by logging on to
https://www.brevo.com
and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting the customer relations department at
support@brevo.com
The Users may unsubscribe from the Brevo newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe links in each of these emails.
In the event of a dispute, the Users may file a complaint with the CNIL, for which contact details may be found at
https://www.cnil.fr.
The Users may access detailed information on the use of their personal data, in particular concerning the purposes of the processing, the legal bases enabling Brevo to process the data, its storage period, its recipients, and, where applicable, its transfer to a country outside the European Union as well as the related compliance guarantees put in place for such transfers. To do so, the User can send their request by email to dpo@brevo.com.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Notwithstanding anything else in the present Privacy Policy, if the User provides Brevo access to their Gmail user data, Brevo shall:
only use access to read, write, modify, or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings, allowing Brevo to provide a web email client for the Users to compose, send, read, and process emails;
never transfer such data to other parties unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets;
in no way use such data for its management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
in no way use such data to serve advertisements;
not allow humans to read this data unless Brevo has the User’s affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for Brevo’s internal operations, and even then, only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Cookies
For more information about how Brevo handles cookies, please visit our
cookie policy page
.
Security
Brevo has taken all necessary precautions to preserve the security of personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, distorted, or damaged.
These measures include the following:
Multi-level firewall.
Proven solutions for anti-virus protection and detection of intrusion attempts.
Encrypted data transmission using SSL/https/VPN technology.
Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centres.
In addition, access to processing data on behalf of Brevo by the receiving third-party services requires authentication of the persons accessing the data, by means of an individual access code and password, that is sufficiently robust and regularly renewed.
Data transmitted over unsecured communication channels is subject to technical measures designed to make such data incomprehensible to any unauthorised person.
Any questions about the security of the Brevo website can be directed to
support@brevo.com
.
Modification of the Privacy Policy
Brevo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
The Users shall be notified of any changes made to this policy via our website or by email at least thirty days prior, when possible, to their entry into force.
Contact
Any questions about Brevo’s Privacy Policy can be directed by email to
dpo@brevo.com
or by mail to:
Sendinblue SAS – DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
For users incorporated in USA, Canada, Australia and New-Zealand
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue Inc.
dba
Sendinblue
, (collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”). It explains how we collect and use information on brevo.com and other websites we own or operate (collectively, the “
Site
”), our suite of software and professional services owned and operated by Sendinblue Inc. or its affiliates and/or delivered under the business name Brevo (the “
Software
”) for managing contacts and designing, implementing, and administering email, sms, and certain other marketing programs , our other digital properties or services, and your communications with us by any means (collectively with the Site, Software, and Programs, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice applies to Brevo’s activities in, or for Users that are incorporated in, the United States, Canada, New-Zealand and Australia, and includes supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
. If you are a resident of or located in the European Union, please instead review our
Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
.
This Privacy Notice is governed by and part of our General Conditions of Use of Brevo Services (the “
General Terms
”). Your use of our Services is subject to this Privacy Notice and our General Terms, including its applicable limitations on damages and the provisions regarding resolution of disputes. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meanings given to them in the General Terms. Any additional notices we may provide you about our privacy practices will be considered to form part of this Privacy Notice.
Note that this Privacy Notice
DOES NOT
apply to any third-party websites, platforms, or activities, such as a Customer’s websites or marketing practices. If you are a Contact of our Customer(s), your use of a Customer’s website or receipt of marketing communications from a Brevo Customer is governed by the Customer’s privacy notice, and Brevo has no control over their privacy practices.
Consent
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Notice, and you consent to Brevo’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use our Services.
Personal information
As used in this Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls into various categories, such as identifiers, protected information, sensitive personal information (e.g., social security number, race, health data, or union membership), biometrics, commercial history, employment-related data, nonpublic educational information, internet activity, or inferences drawn to create a consumer profile. The use of sensitive personal data on the Platform and as part of the Services is forbidden.
Personal Information
does not
include (i) publicly available information (ii) aggregate information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other Personal Information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.
Collection and use of personal information
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it is used depends on how you interact with us, such as a Site visitor, a Brevo customer using the Services or representative of a customer (a “
Customer
”) or as a Customer’s marketing contact (“
Contact
”).  Brevo only collects, uses, retains, and shares Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide the Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. We will update this Privacy Notice or otherwise notify you before we collect additional categories of Personal Information from consumers or use such Personal Information for purposes that are incompatible with the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Categories of Personal Information
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected these categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address, password, IP address)
Employment-related information (e.g., current or past employment)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases considered or completed)
Internet activity (e.g., interactions with the Site and Platform)
Sources of Collection
We collect Personal Information from the following sources and use that information as described below:
Directly from you when you contact us or place an order.
If you contact us via the Site or by email, phone, or other means to request information or support, we will collect your name, contact information, and employment-related information as needed to respond to your inquiry. If you place an order with us, we will use a PCI-compliant payment processor to collect and process your payment information. You may opt-in to save your payment information for future orders, but this is not required. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about your order status, or for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
Directly from you when you create a Customer account.
If you create a Customer account, we will collect your name, email address, company name, and require you to choose a password to login. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to provide the Services, identify and administer your account, and communicate with you about the Services. You have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account.
From our Customers about their Contacts.
Brevo Services enables Customers to promote their brands through email, SMS, chat, and other types of marketing communications. Customers may choose to input their Contacts’ Personal Information into the Services to send them marketing communications. Brevo collects Contacts’ Personal Information to fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider to the Customer. A Customer’s processing of Contacts’ Personal Information via the Services is subject to the Customer’s privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for any Customer’s compliance with applicable privacy laws, or a Customer’s obligations to related to their Contacts’ privacy rights.
Automatically from you when you visit the Site or use our Software.
When you visit our Site or use our Software, we automatically collect data about your internet activity such as your IP address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device used to access our Site, and browser information. Like most online services, the Site and Platform use cookies as described in our
Cookie List
. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of facilitating online communication or when it is strictly necessary to provide an online Service. We use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our Site, generate analytics and statistics. With your prior consent, we also use that information to improve the nature and marketing of the Services. The Customer warrants that it will provide all necessary information to the relevant natural persons, and obtain all necessary consents from them, as required by applicable data protection and electronic communication laws, in order to allow Brevo to lawfully deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies and to lawfully collect data from the devices of Contacts and Service Users. These tracers might include pixels and web beacons. The exact list of cookies and tracking devices is available
here
.
Children’s Privacy
Brevo does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. However, we cannot control the Personal Information our Customer’s collect. If a Customer chooses to input Personal Information of children under age 16 on the Services, that Customer does so under its own privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for a Customer’s failure to comply with any law designed to protect children or any other law governing the Customer’s use of our Services. Please contact the Customer directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we encourage you to contact us at dpo@brevo.com if you believe we might have collected any information online from a child under 16, or if you are aware of any unauthorized submission of information to us. Brevo reserves the right to delete any information from our systems if we discover it was improperly collected.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information about Contacts.
The Customer is responsible for determining a data retention period of the Contact Personal Information and to operate the deletion when necessary. If the Customer does not take action, Brevo retains all categories of Personal Information we collect only as long as your Brevo account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the Services you request.
Commercial relationship personal information.
We may also retain and use Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We regularly review and deidentify unnecessary Personal Information and other data and we periodically deidentify unused accounts.
Cookie Data.
Any Personal Information that we may collect using cookies or other tracing technologies is retained on our system for 12 months. In some cases, we may be required to retain this Personal Information for longer or shorter periods to meet our regulatory obligations, in which case we will retain the data for the required period.
Other Uses
In addition to the specific uses described above, Brevo might also use your Personal Information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services and user experience.
Send you support and administrative messages.
Monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Company and others.
Protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Notice.
If we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others.
Comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.
Fulfill any other purpose to which you consent.
Disclosing personal information
Categories
In the preceding 12 months, Brevo has disclosed all categories of Personal Information that we collected for a business purpose.
Recipients
Brevo may disclose Personal Information to the recipients described below, or to other recipients with your permission or as required by law.
Service Providers:
Brevo uses a variety of service providers such as data hosting companies, analytics services, email hosting services, and payment processors. The type of information that we share with a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. Our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your Personal Information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Government Agencies:
Occasionally Brevo may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to governmental authorities. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. Brevo reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to law enforcement and other governmental agencies, at our sole discretion in connection with an investigation of any matter that is illegal or that could expose Brevo or our affiliates to liability.
Cookie Information Recipients:
In some cases, we may allow specific cooperating entities to use
cookies
or similar technologies to collect non-personal data from your browser or device for measurement purposes. Receipt and use of such information are subject to each cookie information recipient’s Privacy Notice.
Affiliates and Third Parties:
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect about you to our affiliates like a parent company or subsidiaries. For example, we share Personal Information for Customer support purposes, marketing, or technical operations. Under specific circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information to certain third parties as permitted by applicable law, for example: if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or asset sale); to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; when we believe it is appropriate to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; to exercise or defend our legal claims; or for any other reason with your consent.
Aggregated and Deidentified Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose aggregated, anonymized, or deidentified information about any individuals with our affiliate companies (Brevo Group) for marketing, advertising, research and product development purposes.
Your privacy rights
Brevo believes you should have the ability to control the Personal Information we collect and hold about you on your own. You can use the methods described below to control how we collect and use your Personal Information.
Customer Accounts:
Customers can change or delete the Personal Information in their accounts at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. A Customer can delete all of their Personal Information on Brevo by closing the account.
Contact Information:
Customers can change or delete their Contacts’ Personal Information at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. If a Contact submits a Consumer Privacy Request directly to Brevo, we will relay the request to the applicable Customer for further processing.
Email Communications:
If you are a Customer or Site visitor, we may send you marketing emails about the Services. Customers may also receive informational or support emails from us. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may change your preferences via the links provided in the emails or by sending a request to dpo@brevo.com to be removed from our email list. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Texting Consent:
If you provide us with your wireless phone number, you consent to Brevo sending you informational or service text messages. However, we will only send you marketing text messages if you opt-in to receive these notifications from us. For all Brevo text messages, the number of texts you receive will depend on the Services you use and the information you request from us. You can unsubscribe from Brevo text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Do Not Track:
Do Not Track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. If this changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional privacy rights or be entitled to additional controls over your Personal Information. Please see our supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
.
Consumer Privacy Requests
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights beyond the methods available through the Platform, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please submit a verifiable Consumer Privacy Request using our online
Consumer Privacy Request
form or by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com.
Note that if you are a Customer’s Contact, then we process your Personal Information as a service provider to the Customer and we cannot fulfill your request directly. In that case, we will relay your request to the appropriate Customer for further processing and fulfillment, provided that we have sufficient information to do so.
Brevo can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request, we may be unable to fulfill your request in part or in whole, for example, if your request falls within a statutory exception or if fulfilling your request would prevent us from complying with a statutory or contractual obligation.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides residents of the State of California (“
California Consumers
”) with the disclosures and notices required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The following paragraphs apply solely to California Consumers and describe the specific rights afforded under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise the following rights over their Personal Information, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information, such as: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your Personal Information; and (v) a list of specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If a business sells or shares your Personal Information, you also You also have the right to ask the company to disclose the categories of your Personal Information sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom that Personal information was sold or shared, as well as the categories of Personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information. Brevo is only required to respond to two disclosure requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that Brevo may be prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain Personal Information when the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account. We are only required by law to respond to two access requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Correct.
If you discover that we maintain inaccurate Personal Information about you, or if your Personal Information changes, please inform us and we will update our records to reflect the correct information.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. Brevo may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the Personal Information in response to a request for deletion. If you submit a right to deletion request, we will confirm the Personal Information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete.
No Selling Personal Information.
Brevo does not and will never sell your Personal Information to third parties..
Sharing Personal Information.
Brevo may share Personal Information we collect via cookies and other tracing technologies with third parties for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting your cookie settings or by submitting a
Consumer Privacy Request
.
Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Brevo does not seek to collect sensitive Personal Information from any consumer. If a Customer chooses to input sensitive Personal Information into the Platform, we will not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about any consumer. If this ever changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. However, we have no control over whether our Customers may use or disclose their contacts’ sensitive Personal information for any particular purpose. If you are a Contact of our Customers, please direct any questions about your sensitive Personal Information to the respective Customer.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under the CCPA.
Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information.
Under California’s Shine the Light Act (Ca. Civ. Code § 1798.83-1798.84), California Consumers are entitled to request certain disclosures about Personal Information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. Please contact us if you wish to obtain these disclosures.
California Consumers may exercise these rights over their Personal Information by logging into their Customer account or by sending us a verifiable
Consumer Privacy Request
, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply.
Employee Data Exception
In many cases, the Personal Information we collect about you is in a business-to-business context when you are acting as an employee to a Customer or potential Customer in the performance of your job duties. Please note that Personal Information collected and used in this context is not protected under the CCPA.
Data security
Brevo implements reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We employ a series of security measures, including a multi-level firewall, encryption, and anti-virus and intrusion detection solutions. All data is stored on secure servers in Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centers and is only accessible to our personnel and contractors via authentication measures. We ensure that Brevo employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling your inquiries are informed of applicable privacy law requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information in order to process it.
Please note, however, that no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. We also have no control over our Customers’ security measures or practices, and we make no representations or guarantees that your Personal Information is secure once transmitted or stored on their systems.
It is your responsibility to keep your Customer account secure from unauthorized access. We encourage our Customers to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to their accounts, such as choosing a robust password, keeping the password private, and signing off after using a shared computer or other device. Brevo is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or any unauthorized activity on your account.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Third party websites
The Services may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. We have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your Personal Information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by updating this posting or by posting notice in the Services. The date that this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Notice. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Notice for changes.
Contact Brevo
If you have questions about our privacy practices or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at dpo@brevo.com, or by mail at Brevo 1402 Third Avenue, #301, Seattle, WA 98101.
For UK based data subjects, processors, controllers, and the ICO: The representative for the UK according to Article 27 of the UK GPDR can be reached by email: dpo@brevo.com
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies in your browser to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and provide our ad partners with information for ad personalization and measurement.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel