Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on 29 January 2024.
Hey There!
Beginning Boutique takes your privacy
seriously and we will only collect and use your personal information as outlined below.
This Privacy Policy is here to spill the beans on how we handle your personal info. It's our promise to be transparent, and always in line with the Privacy Act 1988 and GDPR.
Your Secrets Are Safe With Us
Your details are confidential and strictly between you and Beginning Boutique.
The use of all of these details will always be approved by you, unless in the case of legal requirements. Beginning Boutique will not sell or give your information to any third parties not associated with our website directly. Access to your details by Beginning Boutique staff will be strictly limited to management.
We use your Personal Information only for improving your experience of beginningboutique.com.au. By using our site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. By using our site, you agree that you are over the age of 16, or have parental consent if you are under the age of 16.
Your Info Collected
Wondering what kind of info we're gathering? Just the basics like your name, address, email, and a few more deets. We use these for delivering your fab purchases, keeping you posted on your orders, and sending you all the good vibes.
While using Beginning Boutique, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Collection of your personal information can occur through the following interactions:
when you access and use our website;
when you complete purchases, registrations, requests or applications for our products or services (by phone, in person or electronically);
when you communicate with us directly (by email, telephone, direct mail, online chat, social media platforms or any other means);
during conversations with our team members;
when you interact with us during any marketing promotions, competitions, special events or surveys; or
if you are a candidate for employment, when you complete forms in relation to the recruitment and selection process, for the purpose of assessment
The personal information we collect may include your:
Name
Delivery/billing address
Email address
Telephone number
Mobile number
Date of Birth
Gender
Browser IP address
Your payment information (see Security below)
Your Beginning Boutique “wishlist”
Your Beginning Boutique order history
Your contact and communication history
The personal information we collect from you will be used for some or all of the following purposes:
Performance of a contract to which the customer is a party (eg. to deliver the products you have purchased)
To update you on the delivery of the product and for customer support purposes
To provide you with relevant product information
Recruitment and processing job applications
Sending you marketing via our newsletter or other marketing channels (only if you have opted-in)
Business analysis, reporting and market research
Improving our products and services
To meet any compliance or regulatory obligations
Fraud monitoring and prevention
The sale or purchase of assets or business
Necessary for the legitimate interests of Beginning Boutique
If we need to use your information for any other purpose unrelated to the above, we will contact you.
Behind the Scenes: Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit beginningboutique.com.au. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Text Marketing and Notifications
We want to stay in contact! By entering your phone number in the checkout or subscribing via our subscription form, you can choose to agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed 20 a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase. If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you with in any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply. For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt out please follow the procedures above.
Opting Out
All marketing and promotional emails from Beginning Boutique contain an 'Unsubscribe' link at the end of the email, which is an easy one click, cost free process to opt out of receiving further messages of that type. Alternatively you can manage your subscription preferences from your Account area, click the Subscriptions tab from your account menu or you can email
info@beginningboutique.com.au
with your request to opt out and we will manually remove your details from any future promotional lists. We will always forgive you for leaving us on read! If you want to re-subscribe just head to the website or contact us.
Cookies
We use cookies – not the tasty kind – but tiny data files that help us understand your preferences and make your shopping experience smoother. You can always tell your browser to avoid them, but, heads up, some parts of our site might miss you.
. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your purchase is secured by Stripe, Shopify Payments, BNPL Providers (Afterpay, Laybuy, Zip) and PayPal depending on your choice at checkout. Your credit card details are passed securely through Stripe and Shopify Payments' certified secure payment process, not stored by our website. A Secured Socket Layer with a 128 bit ensures your payment details are protected. This process is constantly monitored and maintained by Stripe and Shopify Payments, while Beginning Boutique regularly updates our firewall to keep the site secure.
We do not store your credit card details; they are deleted after your purchase has been completed. Payment or debiting of your credit/debit card will be completed when you accept to complete the transaction at checkout.
We take a firm stance against credit card fraud. If a transaction is flagged in our system, we reserve the right to conduct any and all security checks to ensure that the owner of the card authorises the transaction. If the requested security check is not complied with, we reserve the right to dishonour, cancel, refund and report the transaction information with the relevant Fraud Prevention and Banking Authorities. The decision to do so is at our sole discretion.
If you believe that your credit card details have been used against your knowledge or permission, please contact us as soon as possible and we will assist where we can in preventing any orders being shipped. We recommend that you also contact your bank and get a block on the card, to prevent any future transactions being placed fraudulently.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our privacy policy extends to the information based on our website, however we may have links to external sites. Those external sites are not covered by our Privacy Policy and we recommend that you check out those policies before using any third party website. if you follow a link to any third party website, this may allow third parties to collect or share your personal data. Beginning Boutique does not accept responsibility or liability for these policies. Examples of these are Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, Pinterest etc.
Your Rights
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent at any time
The right to complain to your data protection regulator
Updates To This Privacy Policy
Beginning Boutique may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
So, pop back in every now and then to stay in the loop.
Privacy Breaches
If for any reason, you believe your privacy has been breached, please contact
info@beginningboutique.com.au
and we will investigate the issue.
Your Privacy Rights
The below companies may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads, and other commercial purposes. For more information about the collection, use and sale of your personal information and your rights, please use the below links.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
Beginning Boutique will only keep your information for as long as reasonably necessary, i.e. for as long as you are a customer, or until such time that you request for your personal information to be removed or deleted.
Lets Talk
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us
INFO@BEGINNINGBOUTIQUE.COM.AU
BEGINNING BOUTIQUE HQ
2/146 LINDUM ROAD, LYTTON 4178 QLD AUSTRALIA
Impact
Privacy Policy
|
Your Rights