games
about
news
walkthroughs
blog
contact
Privacy Policy
Last update: Jan 15, 2024
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to play our games.
IMPORTANT:
The terms listed below do NOT apply for the PC/macOS and VR Meta Horizon versions of the
Mystery Box
,
Puzzleverse
and
Garage Bang
games. Those version do NOT collect nor use any user data.
Therefore, collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information
apply exclusively on the Mobile versions of XSGames' products
.
If you choose to play our games, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the gaming experience. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you want to request the deletion of any user data that may have been collected or stored in our games,
click here to send your request to XSGames
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Mystery Box unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while playing out games, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The game does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the games
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Flurry Analytics
Appodeal
Unity
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our games, in a case of an error in the , game we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the game when utilizing our games, the time and date of your use of the games, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
Our games do not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the game may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refusem these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of these games.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
                        '
Get in touch
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy,
click here to contact XSGames