Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
11
Loading…
{"id": "14CF27CTDnd_ib2LD2ryScL8u1ymAnTzM", "title": "Terms \x26 conditions (B2C) (1).docx", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 11
Personal Information
 “Kiranakart” is a trademark of KiranaKart Technologies Private Limited, a company
incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office at  1 st floor,
Plot 224, Sher E Punjab CHS, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Mumbai
City, Maharashtra, India- 400093
The domain name www.KiranaKart.App is owned by the Company.
Please feel free to reach out to us at
9820317205
It is strongly recommended that you read and understand these ‘Terms of Use’ carefully, as
by accessing the site/app (hereinafter the “Marketplace”), you agree to be bound by the
same and acknowledge that it constitutes an agreement between you and the Company
(hereinafter the “User Agreement”). If you do not agree with this User Agreement, you
should not use or access the Marketplace for any purpose whatsoever.
This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 of the Information
Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011. The User Agreement may be updated
from time to time by the Company without notice. It is therefore strongly recommended
that you review the User Agreement, as available on the Marketplace, each time you access
and/or use the Marketplace.
The terms ‘visitor(s)’, ‘user(s)’, ‘you’ hereunder refer to the person visiting, accessing,
browsing through and/or using the Marketplace at any point in time.
Should you have any clarifications regarding the Terms of Use, please do not hesitate to
contact us at aadit@kiranakart.app
Page 2 of 11
Services Overview
The Marketplace is a platform for domestic consumers to transact with third party sellers,
who have been granted access to the Marketplace to display and offer products for sale
through the Marketplace. For abundant clarity, the Company does not provide any services
to users other than providing the Marketplace as a platform to transact at their own cost
and risk, and other services as may be specifically be notified in writing.
The Company is not and cannot be a party to any transaction between you and the third
party sellers, or have any control, involvement or influence over the products purchased by
you from such third party sellers or the prices of such products charged by such third-party
sellers. The Company therefore disclaims all warranties and liabilities associated with any
products offered on the Marketplace.
Services on the Marketplace are available to only select geographies in India, and are
subject to restrictions based on business hours and days of third party sellers.
Eligibility
Persons who are “incompetent to contract” within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act,
1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use/access the
Marketplace.
However, if you are a minor, i.e. under the age of 18 years, you may use/access the
Marketplace under the supervision of an adult parent or legal guardian who agrees to be
bound by these Terms of Use. You are however prohibited (even under provision) from
purchasing any product(s) which is for adult consumption, the sale of which to minors is
prohibited.
The Marketplace is intended to be a platform for end-consumers desirous of purchasing
product(s) for domestic self-consumption. If you are a retailer, institution, wholesaler or
any other business user, you are not eligible to use the Marketplace to purchase products
from third-party sellers, who have been granted access to the Marketplace to display and
offer their products for sale through the Marketplace.
Page 3 of 11
The Company, in its sole discretion and without liability, reserves the right to terminate or
refuse your registration, or refuse to permit use/access to the Marketplace, if: (i) it is
discovered or brought to notice that you do not conform to the eligibility criteria, or (ii) the
Company has reason to believe (including through evaluating usage patterns) that the
eligibility criteria is not met/is violated by a user, or (iii) may breach the terms of this User
Agreement.
In order to determine compliance with eligibility criteria, the Company inter alia uses an
algorithm and/or pre-determined criteria based technology and accordingly, from time to
time, your usage may be restricted or blocked on account of overlap with such
algorithms/predetermined criteria. In such cases, if you are a genuine domestic user of the
Platform, please contact us for assistance.
License &amp; Access
The Company grants you a limited sub-license to access and make personal use of the
Marketplace, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of
it, except with express prior written consent of the Company. Such limited sublicense does
not include/permit any resale or commercial use of the Marketplace or its contents; any
collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the
Marketplace or its contents; any downloading or copying of information for the benefit of
another third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and
extraction tools. The Marketplace or any portion of the Marketplace may not be
reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any
commercial purpose without express prior written consent of the Company. You may not
frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary
information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the Marketplace or of the
Company and/or its affiliates without the express prior written consent of the Company.
You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing the Company’s name or
trademarks without the express prior written consent of the Company. You shall not
attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Marketplace, or any
other systems or networks connected to the Marketplace or to any server, computer,
network, or to any of the services offered on or through the Marketplace, by hacking,
‘password mining’ or any other illegitimate means.
Terms & conditions (B2C) (1).docx
Terms & conditions (B2C) (1).docx
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Terms & conditions (B2C) (1).docx. Page 1 of 11