Privacy Policy LS Garage
Effective Date: May 31, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to the game
LS Garage
by Gleb Bibikov (Bibikov Games), which we here call the Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Privacy Policy. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on lsgarage.ru/privacy. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes what personal data we collect and how we use your personal data.
What data do we collect
Data you provide us directly:
- player name (or you can use random player name);
- other data you choose to give us (such as email or data to identify a lost account).
Data we collect automatically:
- data about your account and game progress;
- data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service;
- your IP address;
- data about your device and operating system;
- data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below);
- analytics and crash data.
Data we collect from our partners:
We also use third-party partners, such as social networking sites, data analytics providers to supplement information we have about you, such as:
- data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Google or Facebook);
- data from platforms that the games run on (such as Google Play or App Store to verify payment);
- data for analytics purposes.
Why do we collect your data
We process data necessary to:
- create accounts and allow you to play our game and use our Service;
- operate the Service;
- verify and confirm payments;
- provide and deliver services you request.
To provide a great Service to our players, we collect and process necessary data to:
- develop and improve the Service and player experience;
- manage our relationship with you;
- customize your Service experience;
- provide the best gaming experience possible.
In order to keep the Service features safe and fair, to fight fraud, we process necessary data to:
- analyze and monitor use of the Service;
- take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
Who can see and use your data
Apart from Gleb Bibikov (Bibikov Games), your data can be accessed by others in the certain situations.
Other players and users:
Social features are a core component of our game. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data and in-game activities. Users are encouraged not to create a player name that reflects their own name or other personal information.
Our service providers:
We have vendors to us provide the Services. These vendors process your data only at and according to instructions to provide the Service, and perform tasks such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Partners:
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools, functionalities through application programming interfaces (APIs) or software development kits (SDKs). These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
These partners may access data regarding your activities and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, location).
Links to privacy policies of our partners:
-
Google
-
Apple
-
Facebook
-
Unity
-
MyTracker
Other companies and public authorities:
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may process and disclose data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use and prevent fraud. Cookies are files with a small amount of data commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. Cookies and similar technologies allow us and our partners to store their preferences and track your activities within the Service. We and our partners collect and store information about users' interactions with application that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies.
We do so for:
- analytics and personalization;
- detecting and preventing fraud.
Application permissions
Service may request certain types of in-game permissions. We may require these permissions for the following reasons:
- photos/media/files for storing game data on the device;
- in-app purchases to enable in-app purchases.
Children
Our Service are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data, we will delete any personal data we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable.
Users under the age of 18 are not allowed to use paid services without the permission of the parents or legal guardians.
Age restrictions may vary depending on the country in which the user resides.
How do we protect your data
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  We cannot assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We may for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts, and we may regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Your rights and options
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights, please use the support options described in "Contact Us". We will respond to all requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requesting you provide us a purchase receipt or other account information, or asking you to answer questions regarding your activities on our Service.
Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us by email:
contact@lsgarage.ru