Buy
Contact
en
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Svenska
All Categories
​>​
​Legal Information
​>​
                  TERMS OF USE AND PURCHASE CONDITIONS
TERMS OF USE AND PURCHASE CONDITIONS
Updated
4 months ago
by
                      CrowdFarming
Crowdfarming is a production model for agriculture, bee-keeping, livestock and fishing which promotes direct contact between producers and consumers, enabling the first to plan their harvest and the latter to benefit from complete transparency on the origin of the food they consume and the way it is produced. The communication on our website is very personal. However, our lawyers are more formal than we are and convinced us that this contract should be written in a more official tone.
TERMS OF USE AND PURCHASE CONDITIONS www.crowdfarming.com
1. INTRODUCTION
The present Terms and Conditions (together with any document herein mentioned) sets forth the conditions governing the use of and the purchase of products through this website (www.CrowdFarming.com); hereinafter, the “Conditions”. Please read these Conditions, our Cookies and Privacy Policies (together the “Data Protection Policies”) carefully prior to using this website. By using this website or placing an order through it, you are consenting to accept these Conditions and our data protection policies. If you do not agree to all the Conditions and data protection policies, you should not use this website.
Unless otherwise indicated, purchases made on this website will consist of products (or harvest) and rights to some detailed services (attribution of a production unit, receipt of its picture etc.). These purchases will be regulated by the “CrowdFarming Contract” which includes special conditions suited for this model.
You may send us any question related to our CrowdFarming Contract, Conditions and Data Protection Policies through any of our contact channels.
The English version of these Terms and Conditions is a translation of the Spanish version made by the CrowdFarming team. Please note that it is only informative. Therefore, in case of conflict, the Spanish version is the only legally valid version.
2. OUR DETAILS
The sale of products through this website is carried out under the name of CrowdFarming by CrowdFarming, SL., a Spanish company with registered offices for the purposes of notifications at Anzuola 9, Local 4, 28002, Madrid with VAT number (N.I.F.) B87952651 and email address hello@crowdfarming.com.
3. COPYRIGHT, AUTHOR’S RIGHTS AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content included in or made available through the CrowdFarming website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations is the property of CrowdFarming or its content suppliers and is protected by international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through this website is the exclusive property of CrowdFarming and is protected by Spanish and international copyright and database right laws.
You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the content of CrowdFarming without our express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation any substantial parts of the content of CrowdFarming, without our express written consent. You may also not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of CrowdFarming (e.g. our prices and product listings) without our express written consent.
4. TRADEMARKS
CrowdFarming is a registered trademark property of CrowdFarming SL. In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through the CrowdFarming website are trademarks or trade dress of CrowdFarming. CrowdFarming's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not CrowdFarming's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits CrowdFarming. All other trademarks not owned by Crowfarming that appear or are available on the CrowdFarming website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by CrowdFarming.
5. YOUR DETAILS AND YOUR VISITS TO THIS WEBSITE
The information or personal details that you provide us with are processed according to the Data Protection Policies. By using this website, you are consenting to the processing of such information and details and you affirm that all information or details you have provided us with are true and accurate.
If you use the CrowdFarming website you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and devices, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used in an unauthorised manner.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or remove or edit content if you are in breach of applicable laws, these Conditions or any other applicable terms and conditions, guidelines or policies.
6. REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
Users of the CrowdFarming website may post reviews, comments and other content; send communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. We reserve the right to remove or edit such content. If you believe that any content on CrowdFarming contains a defamatory statement, or that your intellectual property rights are being infringed by an item or information available on the CrowdFarming website, please notify us by sending an email to the address hello@crowdfarming.com submitting the information you consider necessary to prove the infringement.
If you post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant: (a) CrowdFarming a non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable and transferable rights to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media; and (b) CrowdFarming, its sublicensees and transferees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. No moral rights are assigned under this provision.
You agree that the rights you grant above are irrevocable during the entire period of protection of your intellectual property rights associated with such content and material. You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by you to CrowdFarming including the execution of deeds and documents, at our request.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is posted: (i) the content and material is accurate; and (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory). You agree to indemnify CrowdFarming for all claims brought by a third party against CrowdFarming arising out of or in connection with the content and material you supply.
7. OTHER BUSINESS
In addition to CrowdFarming, parties other than CrowdFarming edit content and offer their products on the CrowdFarming website. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. CrowdFarming does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all of these or any other third parties. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we may share your information related to those transactions with that third party. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
8. CROWDFARMING’S ROLE
CrowdFarming allows third party sellers (the producers) to list and sell their products (or harvest) on the Crowdfamring website. While CrowdFarming helps facilitate transactions that are carried out on the CrowdFarming website, CrowdFarming is neither the buyer nor the seller of the seller's items. Cowdfarming provides a venue for sellers and buyers to informa themselves, complete transactions and meet their particular obligations. Accordingly, the contract formed at the completion of a sale for these third party products is solely between buyer and seller. CrowdFarming is not a party to this contract nor assumes any responsibility arising out of or in connection with it nor is it the seller's agent. The seller is responsible for the sale of the products and for dealing with any buyer claims or any other issue arising out of or in connection with the contract between the buyer and seller. Nonetheless, because CrowdFarming wants the buyer to have a safe buying experience, CrowdFarming guarantees any right the buyer may have by contractual or legal provision.
9. USE OF OUR WEBSITE
By using this website and/or by placing any order through it, you consent:
i. To use this website exclusively to make legitimate enquiries or orders.
ii. Not to make any speculative, false or fraudulent orders. If we reasonably consider that such an order has been made, we are entitled to cancel the order and inform the competent authorities.
iii. To provide correct and accurate email, postal address and/or other contact details and acknowledge that we may use these details to contact you if necessary (see our Data Protection Policies). If you do not give us all of the information that we need, we will not be able to complete your order.
By placing an order through this website, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old and are capable of entering into legally binding contracts.
10. SERVICE AVAILABILITY
Items offered on this website are only available for delivery to a list of defined countries that you will be able to select during the purchasing process.
11. TO PLACE AN ORDER
To place an order, you must follow the online purchasing process and make the payment for the items you have selected. After this, you will receive an email from us confirming that your order has been submitted (the “Order Confirmation”).
12. TECHNICAL MEANS TO CORRECT ERRORS
In case you detect an error in your personal details when registering as a new user of this website, you will be able to correct it in the section “My account”.
In any case, you will be able to correct any error related to personal details registered during the purchasing process by contacting us through the contact form:
https://www.crowdfarming.com/en/contact
. You can also exercise your right of rectification as considered in our Privacy Policy using the same email address.
This website presents confirmation windows at various sections of the purchasing process in order to prevent proceeding with the order if data in these sections have been provided incorrectly. Furthermore, this website gives details on all items you added to your shopping basket during the purchasing process in order to enable you to modify the order details before making the payment.
If you detect an error in your order after having completed the payment process, you should contact us immediately by writing an email to the address previously mentioned to rectify the error.
13. AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS
All orders are subject to availability of products. Third parties sellers (producers) may face issues regarding the harvest or product delivery. In the event the third party seller (producer) could not fulfill his/her commitments, we will reimburse you with the amount you have payed for.
Third parties sellers (producers) cultivate products which vary depending on the year and season. The current offer is available on the CrowdFarming website and can be modified at any time without any prior notice.
14. DELIVERY
Unless otherwise stated, CrowdFarming will coordinate shipments from third party sellers (producers) to the address you will have indicated us when making the order.
The delivery date stated at the moment you make the order is indicative and will depend on whether the third party seller (producer) is able to prepare the orders on time. As orders contain food products, it is highly probable that natural factors may modify this delivery date. The delivery date cannot be considered a contractual commitment.
For the purpose of these Conditions, “delivery” or “delivered” shall be deemed to have occurred when you or a third party nominated by you acquires physical possession of the products, which will be endorsed by the signing of the receipt confirmation at the agreed shipping address.
Once the third party seller has prepared all orders, shipping times may also vary due to factors beyond our control (e.g. rain, mist, wind or any other weather conditions and non-weather conditions which can delay the courier) which can lead to relevant delays in shipment and which will not constitute justification for penalization or for holding CrowdFarming civilly liable on contractual and non-contractual grounds.
Furthermore, we may cancel any order you made if there are objective conditions that impede the preparation and shipment within reasonable time. You will be notified of this sudden impossibility by email. In such a case, you will be entitled to have the order prepared and sent out at a later time without additional costs.
Third party sellers (producers) and CrowdFarming will use the most suited transport company for the shipment of your order. These transport service providers are integrated into our systems and adapt to the schedule of third party sellers (producers) for preparing orders. For this reason, we do not accept delivery through any other courier that you may hire, even if it belongs to the same transport company as the one we are using. We will also be entitled to changing the courier at any time and without prior notice.
Upon delivery, you or the person receiving the order at the address indicated during the purchasing process must not sign the delivery receipt (“Proof Of Delivery” or “POD”) before verifying that the boxes, pallets or packaging are closed, have not been previously opened and that no box is missing from the order. In case boxes or pallets are missing, or if one has already been opened, please report the nonconformity to the courier in detail and keep a copy of the nonconformity statement with the record of the incidence, communicating the issue immediately to CrowdFarming via the following email address: hello@crowdfarming.com attaching photographs of the nonconformity statement and of the shipment’s condition. The goods shall be preserved in the same condition in which they were received (i.e. neither open nor consumed) until a written notification is received from CrowdFarming detailing how you should proceed.
If you sign the delivery receipt without stating its nonconformity in the Proof of Delivery, we will not accept claims with regards to manifest defects.
If you receive a delivery without manifest defects, but products turn out to be unsuitable for consumption, that is with hidden defects, you will have to report this incident as soon as possible (and always in less than 14 days following the delivery) to CrowdFarming via the following email address: hello@crowdfarming.com attaching photographs of the products and explaining your claim in detail.
For shipments destined for Belgium, no alternative delivery method will be offered due to the fragility of the perishable product being shipped and its specific preservation needs.
15. UNABLE TO DELIVER
If we are unable to deliver your order, we will try to find a safe place to store it. If we are not able to find a safe place, your order will be sent to the warehouse of the courier.
If you cannot be at the delivery address at the agreed time, please contact the shipping company to fix a new delivery date. If, due to reasons not attributable to us, your order has not been delivered 15 days after you order was ready to be delivered, we will assume you wish to withdraw from the contract and will be considered terminated. As a result of the termination of the contract, products which will expire in less than 1 year will be given to a non-profit organization. Products which expire in more than 1 year will be returned to the third party seller (producer) and can be sent again if you call for it during the first 3 months. Personalized and food products cannot be refunded.
Please note that additional transport costs may result from the termination of the contract which we are authorized to charge you with.
16. RISK AND TITLE
The products will be at your risk from the moment of delivery onwards.
Ownership of the products will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the products, including delivery charges, or upon the time of delivery (as defined in clause 14), whichever is later.
17. PRICE, PAYMENT AND ADOPTIONS
The final prices will depend on the delivery country and the type of product that you buy.
There are a number of ways to sell products on CrowdFarming: Sale of individual products, sale of products with a subscription, and sale of products associated with an individual adoption.
Adoptions are a purchase model that allows producers to plan their harvests while ensuring the demand for their products at a predefined price. You have the possibility of adopting units such as trees, plants, animals or a part of a crop.
An adoption consists of the total or partial reservation of one of these units and the reservation of a part of the harvest from these unit.
Prices not related to an adoption: all final prices of single boxes include legally applicable taxes (VAT) and transport.
Prices of products related to an adoption: during the purchase process of an adoption you will be informed if the price shown includes only the crop reserve or also includes shipping to the selected country.
Prices may change at any time, but (except as set out above) any changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already notified you of an order confirmation.
Once you have selected all the items you wish to purchase, they will have been added to your basket and the next step is to process the order and make payment. To do this, you must follow the steps of the purchasing process, filling out or checking the information requested at each step. Likewise, during the purchase process, before making the payment, you will be able to modify the data of your order.
The price of the products will be charged at the moment you click on pay. You will be asked to provide a credit card or, in some cases, a bank account or other electronic payment methods (such as PayPal). During the payment process, you can link your chosen payment method to your account to facilitate future payments.
By clicking "Pay" you are confirming that the credit card, bank account or other method you have entered is yours or that you are the rightful owner of it.
To minimize the risk of unauthorized access, your credit card and IBAN details will be encrypted. Credit cards and bank accounts will be subject to checks and authorizations by the credit card issuer, but if the credit card issuer does not authorize payment, we will not be responsible for any delay or non-delivery and will not be able to enter into any contract with you.
Subscription payments
Subscriptions involve automatically creating a recurrent order and are associated with a regular payment (weekly, fortnightly, monthly or any other payment indicated) as agreed in each case.
You can cancel or pause your subscription at any time. Cancelling a subscription will (irreversibly) suspend the creation of the recurrent orders associated with it from the next box that has not yet started to be prepared. Pausing a subscription will suspend the creation of orders for a defined period of time that can be chosen when pausing.
By accepting these terms and conditions, users agree that the subscription will automatically renew and the fee will be automatically charged to the user's designated account.
The subscription has no specific expiry date, and is automatically renewed at the end of each subscription period.
The subscription price may change in the future. CrowdFarming will notify you by email of changes in subscription prices at least 1 month in advance. If you do not wish to continue with the subscription, you must cancel it from your user area before the preparation of the next shipment begins.
Payment of adoptions
Adoptions have two payment methods: single and multiple.
a) Single payment: adoptions in which you receive the total amount of the reserved crop in a single shipment. At the moment of the adoption payment you are also paying the logistic cost and taxes to the delivery country.
b) Multiple payments: In the case where there is more than one payment. In the first payment you are paying for the production of the product and in the next payments you are paying for the preparation, taxes and shipment of your harvest to the address you indicate at each moment.
Commitment of permanence: you have no commitment of permanence and you can cancel the adoption or renewals at any time until the producer starts preparing your first order.
Automatic renewal: all adoptions will be renewed automatically unless you decide to cancel your adoption. Payment will be made using your default payment method. The delivery address will be made to the address you have saved by default at the time of renewal or, failing that, to the address of the last shipment of that adoption. As for the reserved amount, in case of being modifiable, it will reflect the amount that had been selected the previous season.
The price of the adoption or renewal may vary from one season to another and you will be notified by email prior to collection.
Cancel an adoption: you may cancel the adoption voluntarily at any time up to the day before the producer starts preparing your order. Depending on each project, the preparation and shipping time may be from one to fifteen days before the estimated delivery date.
Renewal failure: if during the automatic renewal process there is any payment failure with your payment method, you will be informed by email so that you can correct it. After the renewal deadline, if the payment is still pending, you will lose the adoption and will not be able to recover it.
Payment methods: As well as the electronic payment methods accepted on the platform (credit cards, SEPA Payment, PayPal, Klarna, etc.), it is possible to use credits to pay for orders on the platform depending on the region and type of product. CrowdFarming may unilaterally grant certain users credits for use within the platform at any time. The economic value of a credit is equivalent to one euro, and its use and validity is guaranteed by CrowdFarming.
The user agrees that the credits received shall only be used during the period of validity set by CrowdFarming for each credit. If no period of validity is specified at the time the credits are issued and/or made available, the default period of validity shall be twenty-four (24) months from the date on which they are made available to the user. Any other period of validity established by CrowdFarming at the time of communicating or granting such credits shall prevail over the general period of validity indicated above.
Credits can only be redeemed for certain products and/or services offered through the CrowdFarming platform. A credit refund or marketing promotion that generates credits for you can never be redeemed for cash.
18. GIFT CARD
18.1. Gift Cards; Available balance; Redemption
The Gift Card (the Card) is the property of its issuer (hereinafter referred to as CrowdFarming), whose identity is stated in the email sent with the virtual Card, the holder of the Card being a mere depositary of the Card.
The Card is available in the following formats:
i. Virtual card
ii. Physical card
The card can be paid for by credit card or PayPal. Under no circumstances may it be paid for using other gift cards or credits.
The Card can be redeemed for credits on crowdfarming.com through the link: https://www.crowdfarming.com/en/gift-card/redeem
I. The balance of a Card can only be redeemed on a single account.
II. The available balance on the Card (Credits) cannot be refunded or redeemed for cash.
The available balance obtained through the Card can be used as many times as you wish until the total amount for which it has been issued is used up.
I. The available balance will always be deducted from the purchase as long as there is a balance in the purchase, with no option to use it in a subsequent purchase.
II. The available balance on the Card at any given time is the difference between the available balance at the time immediately prior to making a purchase and the corresponding amount used to pay for that purchase. If the purchase exceeds the available balance on the Card, the difference may be paid by any form of payment accepted at www.CrowdFarming.com.
Having a CrowdFarming Gift Card does not guarantee that you will be able to buy a specific product. All CrowdFarming products are subject to availability from the farmers who produce them.
18.2. Expiry and limits
The user agrees that the credits received via the gift card shall only be used within the period of validity set by CrowdFarming on a case-by-case basis. If no period of validity is specified at the time the credits are issued and/or made available, the default period of validity shall be twenty-four (24) months from the date on which they are made available to the user. Any other period of validity established by CrowdFarming at the time of communication or granting of such gift card credits shall prevail over the general period of validity stated above.
The Card allows you to purchase any item for sale on www.CrowdFarming.com with the exception of:
i. Recurrent orders (codes are allowed as a payment method only on the first purchase): https://support.crowdfarming.com/l/en/article/dhx9w88mnu-how-does-a-subscription-work
ii. Monthly subscription: https://www.crowdfarming.com/en/subscription-box/seasonal-organic-fruits
iii. CrowdGiving
iv. Gift card
Once deposited into a CrowdFarming account, Gift Cards and any Available Balance cannot be transferred to another account.
The Gift Card itself (prior to its redemption into credits) does not have a specific expiry period unless set by Crowdfarming at the time of sale.
18.3. Risk of Loss
The risk of loss and ownership of the Gift Cards is transferred to the purchaser. Gift Cards must be obtained from CrowdFarming or an authorised third party, and the purchaser or recipient of the Gift Card is responsible for protecting their account and their Gift Card from unauthorised use.
18.4. Returns and Refunds
No returns are accepted and no refunds are given for CrowdFarming Gift Cards.
Products purchased with the Card at www.CrowdFarming.com are subject to the return and exchange policy in this document.
18.5. Resolution; Use of Gift Cards in Violation of these Terms and Conditions
a. By using a Gift Card, you agree to comply with these terms and conditions and not to use a Gift Card in any way that is misleading, deceptive, wrongful, unfair or otherwise harmful to CrowdFarming, CrowdFarming's affiliated producers, its affiliated companies or its customers. CrowdFarming reserves the right to cancel Gift Cards without refund, to suspend or terminate customer accounts, to suspend or terminate this agreement and the ability to use our services, to cancel or limit orders and to bill alternative payment methods in the event that a Gift Card has been obtained or is being used or applied to an account fraudulently, unlawfully, or otherwise in violation of these terms and conditions or if a transaction is being initiated without authorisation or in a fraudulent or suspicious manner or is otherwise unusual in relation to previous transaction activity.
b. You may withdraw your agreement to these terms and conditions at any time free of charge by discontinuing the use of the Gift Cards as a payment option, by closing your CrowdFarming account, or by contacting CrowdFarming Customer Service and requesting that they cancel your Available Balance. In accordance with Section 1 above, termination of this Agreement does not entitle you to withdraw any Available Balance. We therefore recommend that you use up your Available Balance prior to the termination of this Agreement.
c. In the event of purchase of the Virtual Card on www.CrowdFarming.com or by third parties, CrowdFarming shall not be liable for non-receipt or delay in receipt of the Card by the recipient for reasons beyond CrowdFarming's control, including but not limited to (i) failure or collapse of telecommunication lines or systems, (ii) delay in the transmission of information or data or loss of information or data which may occur due to any of the circumstances mentioned in (i), (iii) inaccuracy of the details of the recipient of the virtual Card provided by the purchaser of the virtual Card, (iv) failure to deliver the Card to the email account provided or (v) the email sent by CrowdFarming being classified as junk.
d. Cards that were originally obtained unlawfully shall be void, may not be used for the purchase of goods and shall not be refunded.
e. The Card may not be used for advertising or promotional purposes for products or services marketed by third parties other than the issuer of this Card, except with the prior written authorisation of the issuer of this Card.
f. Purchase and/or use of the Card implies full acceptance of these general terms and conditions, which have been provided at the time of purchase of the Card.
g. Resale of the CrowdFarming Gift Card is prohibited without prior written permission from CrowdFarming.
19. "INVITE FRIENDS"
To invite someone to CrowdFarming, the person inviting must be a current customer with at least one completed order.
To invite, share your own unique link available to you in the "Invite friends" section of your account, after logging in at
crowdfarming.com
.
The invited person must create a new account on CrowdFarming using their invitation link, available in their "Invite friends" section. The credit will only be granted to both parties if the invited person registers through that link.
The invited person must place and receive their first order for you to receive the €10 credit.
The first purchase of the invited person must be of any product where the use of credits is allowed: adoptions, single boxes, seasonal subscriptions, and personalised  boxes.
The invited person must be new to CrowdFarming, meaning they should not have placed orders previously or have an existing account.
Similarly, the person invited must not be the same user as the sender and must have no record of fraud or other misconduct on CrowdFarming.
Once your friend has received their first order, €10 credit will be automatically added to your account balance. You can check your credit balance in the "Payment methods" section of your account.
You can invite as many people as you want, as there is no limit to the number of invitations you can send. However, there are certain conditions to receive credits:
The maximum credit you can earn is €100 per year. That is, you can receive rewards for a maximum of 10 successful referrals in a calendar year (from January 1st to December 31st).
If you exceed the limit of 10 successful invitations, the invited people will still be able to register and receive their credits, but you will no longer receive additional rewards for those invitations.
The credit received by both your friend and yourself is neither redeemable nor transferable between accounts. If you delete your account, you will lose any credits you may have at that time.
Credits can be used for purchases of adoptions, single boxes, seasonal subscriptions, and personalised boxes.
Credits expire after two years without making any purchases on the platform.
The economic value of a credit is equivalent to one euro (1 credit = 1 euro). To find out the value of your credits in other currencies according to the shipping country, check the "Payment methods" section of your personal account.
Invitations should only be used for personal and not commercial purposes, and should only be shared with personal contacts who would appreciate receiving these invitations. Invitation links should not be distributed where there is no reasonable basis to believe that all or most recipients are personal friends or family (in particular, invitation links cannot be posted on coupon websites, Reddit, Wikipedia, or similar sites).
By using this programme, you agree and represent that you will use techniques and methods of invitation that are legal and welcomed by individuals. You should only communicate with people who have given you their consent to be contacted. You also agree and represent that you will always respect the privacy of others (i.e. you will not spam), be honest, open and transparent about who the sender is and what they are offering (i.e. you will not mislead others).
By using this programme, you agree that you will not set up accounts or make purchases on behalf of invited users.
CrowdFarming reserves the right to remove or withhold the credit if misuse of the programme is detected.
CrowdFarming reserves the right to modify or withdraw this promotion at any time and without prior notice.
Previous versions of the CrowdFarming mobile app may not support participation in this programme. Please update the app to get the latest version.
20. INVOICING
By default we will understand that you are a natural person. At the time of purchase a receipt will be issued in the name of the farmer with the detail of the purchase amount.
If you are ordering on behalf of a company or legal entity, you may request an invoice. To do so, please contact us before placing your order via our contact form
https://www.crowdfarming.com/en/contact
.
Once you have placed your order, you can also request an invoice and, in this case, CrowdFarming will send you the contact details for you to request it directly from the farmer.
Note: the CrowdFarming team does not have control over the taxation of the farmers who sell the product to you. We are not responsible for the timely issuance of your invoices.
21. RETURN POLICY
21.1 Legal right to withdraw from your order
Right of withdrawal
As established in article 102 and in line with the Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, of November 16th, approving the revised text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users and other supplementary laws, in the case of orders which include perishable products, you cannot request a withdrawal from the purchasing contract nor any refund for the amount paid.
In the case of an order with non-perishable products, you are entitled to fourteen (14) calendar days after receipt of the order to request withdrawal from the purchasing contract and the reimbursement of the amount paid for the products which have not been consumed.
To exercise your right of withdrawal, you must notify CrowdFarming of your decision to withdraw from the contract through opening an incident from your user account.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to let us know about your decision to withdraw from your order, before the withdrawal period expires.
You remain the owner of the product returned until it is received by the seller. At our discretion, we reserve the right to refund the amount of the product without requiring a refund in any of the above-mentioned payment methods (17. Price payment and adoption). In such a case, ownership of the product for which the price has been refunded shall not pass to the seller.
Effects of withdrawal
We will refund the payment received from you for non-perishable products which were returned in time and in good shape. We will use the same means of payment that you used to pay for your order.
In the case of mixed orders, that is to say orders which include perishable and non-perishable products, we will apply to each product type the corresponding withdrawal clause depending on each product´s proportion within the order.
You must return the products or hand them over to the selling party or request on our website the return through a courier without unjustified delay and in any event no later than fourteen (14) calendar days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from the contract. The deadline will be considered to be met if the products are returned before said deadline.
21.2. Exceptions to the right of withdrawal
Because of the use of ecological farming techniques, products coming from agriculture, horticulture, livestock or fishing offered on the CrowdFarming website may vary substantially in their organoleptic characteristics, primarily in their appearance, colour, odour and flavour. These properties cannot be considered reasons for returns. The withdrawal right does not apply to the delivery of:
• Personalized products: product which have been personalized with the name you chose unless the product was damaged or defective when delivered;
• Products which cannot be returned because of hygiene and health protection reasons if unsealed after its delivery (for example olive oil) or if they were, after the delivery, inseparably mixed with other products;
• Products which can deteriorate or expire rapidly (for example perishable food or products or subject to an expiration date less than a year).
21.3. Our voluntary return warranty
In addition to the withdrawal right legally recognized by consumers and users and mentioned in the previous clause 19.1, if you consider that part of the perishable products you received are not meeting normal consumption conditions, you must inform us by opening an incident from your user account within the first 48 hours of receipt of the box providing photos of the products in bad shape inside the original box. Our team will contact you to understand the reason why the products are not meeting normal consumption conditions and offer a solution.
Return through courier
You must contact us through our section RETURNS to organize the recollection of the product at your home. You must provide the goods in the same package as the one you received.
If you do not wish to return the products through one of our free available options, you will need to bear the costs for returning those products to us. Please, bear in mind that if you decide to return the items through unpaid postage we will charge you for all incurred expenses.
After examining the product we will let you know whether you are entitled to reimbursement of the paid amount. Reimbursement of shipping costs of products which are not included in the exceptions mentioned in 19.2 will only take place if the right of withdrawal is exercised within the legal deadline and if all products of the corresponding order have been returned. Reimbursement will be carried out as soon as possible and, in any case, within 14 days after the date you informed us of your intention to withdraw. Nonetheless, we may withhold the reimbursement until the final receipt of the goods or until we receive a proof of the return of the goods, whichever is the earliest. Reimbursement will take place using the same means of payment that you used to pay your order. You will accept the cost and risk of returning the products, as mentioned previously. Should you have any doubt, you can contact us through our contact channels.
This does not affect your statutory rights of the current legislation.
22. VISITS AT THE SELLERS’ PREMISES
The sellers’ premises are not usually open to the public. If you own a CrowdFarming product you can come and visit it by arranging an appointment through the following contact form:
https://www.crowdfarming.com/en/contact
. CrowdFarming only offers a tool (a calendar) to organize visits according to the dates the producer marks as available. We cannot guarantee the producer will be available on those dates. We recommend you not to show up at the productor’s premises without having received a written confirmation from the producer (seller).
We suggest to the producers that the visits of owners of a production unit in their premises be a free service. We do not take part in any way in these visits. For any issue regarding visits we recommend you to directly contact the producer.
23. LIABILITY AND EXEMPTIONS
Unless expressly set out otherwise in the present Conditions, our liability in connection with any product acquired on our website will be strictly limited to the purchase price of that product. Nonetheless, and unless otherwise stipulated by law, we will not take any responsibility for the following losses, irrespective of their origins:
i. loss of income or sales;
ii. business losses;
iii. loss of profit or contracts;
iv. loss of planned savings;
v. loss of data; and
vi. loss of management time or work hours.
Due to the open nature of this website and to the possibility that errors may happen in storage or in the transmission of digital information, we do not guarantee the accuracy and security of information exchanged or obtained through this website unless expressly stated otherwise on it.
24. VIRUSES, PIRACY AND OTHER CYBER ATTACKS
You may not misuse this website by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other technologically harmful or malicious software or material. You will not seek to have unauthorized access to this website, to the server which hosts this website or to any other server, computer or database related to our website. You commit not to attack this website via a denial-of-service attacks or a distributed denial-of-service attacks. The breach of this term goes along with the commission of infringements under the applicable legislation. We will report any such breach to said legislation to the relevant authorities and we will co-operate with them to disclose the identity of the hacker. Likewise, in the event of such a breach, your right to use this website will cease immediately. We accept no liability for any loss or damage resulting from any denial-of-service attack, virus or any other software or material which is technologically malicious or harmful to your computer, its equipment, data or material resulting from the use of this website or from downloading the contents thereof or of such contents to which this website redirects.
25. LINKS FROM OUR WEBSITE
We may have links from our website to other websites and third party materials; such links are provided exclusively for information purposes and we do not have any control whatsoever over the contents of such websites and materials. Consequently, we accept no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of such links.
26. WRITTEN COMMUNICATION
Applicable regulations require that some of the information or communication we send to you should be in writing. By using our website, you accept that most of said communication with us will be electronic. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notifications, information and other communication that we provide to you electronically comply with the legal requirements and must be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
27. NOTIFICATIONS
All notifications should be sent to us via our contact form
https://www.crowdfarming.com/en/contact
. As provided for in the previous clause and unless agreed otherwise, we may give notice to you via email or postal address you provide to us when placing an order. It will be understood that notifications have been received and properly served immediately when posted on our website, 24 hours after an email was sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter. In order to prove that notifications were sent, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and duly placed in the post or in a mailbox, and in the case of an email that such email was sent to the specified email address of the recipient.
28. TRANSFER OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
The contract binding for both you and us as well as for our respective successors and assigns. You may not transmit, assign, hand over or otherwise transfer the contract, or any of the rights or obligations derived from it, without our prior written consent. We may transmit, assign, hand over, sub-contract or otherwise transfer the contract, or any of the rights or obligations derived from it, at any time during the term of the contract. To avoid any doubt, any such transmissions, assignments, hand-overs or other transfers will neither affect your statutory rights as a consumer nor cancel, reduce or otherwise limit any warranty, whether expressed or implied, which may have been provided to you by us.
29. EVENTS BEYOND OUR CONTROL
We will not be responsible for any non-compliance, or delay in performance of any of the obligations undertaken, when such were caused by events beyond our reasonable control (“Events of force majeure”). Events of force majeure include any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control and among others, the following:
Strikes, lockouts or other industrial action.
Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist threat or attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, collapse, epidemic or any other natural disaster.
Impossibility of the use of railways, ships, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications systems.
Acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions through any government or public authority.
Any shipping, postal or other relevant transport strike, failure or accidents.
Any kind of system hacking.
Our obligations under any contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that any event beyond our reasonable control continues, and we will have an extension of time for said obligation for the duration of that period. All reasonable means will be provided by us to finalize the events of force majeure or to find a solution which allows us to meet our obligations despite the events of force majeure.
30. WAIVER
If we fail, at any time during the term of the contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the contract or any of these Conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies nor shall it relieve you from compliance with such obligations. A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default arising from the contract or the Conditions. No waiver by us of any of these Conditions or of the rights or remedies derived from a contract will take effect, unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing as set out in the paragraph on notifications above.
31. SEVERABILITY
If any of these Conditions or any provisions of the contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law without being affected by said declaration of invalidity.
32. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Conditions and any document expressly referred to herein represent the entire agreement between you and us in relation to the subject matter of any contract and supersede any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between you and us, whether oral or in writing. Both you and us acknowledge that, in entering into a contract, neither you nor us has relied on any representation, undertaking or promise given by the other or be implied from anything said or written in negotiations between you and us prior to such contract except as expressly stated in these Terms. Neither you nor us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date of any Contract (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the other party´s only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in these Conditions.
33. OUR RIGHT TO VARY THESE CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions. We will inform you of consequent changes. Changes are not of a retroactive nature and, except for potential exceptions in some concrete cases, they will apply 30 days after their publication in the corresponding message. If you do not agree with the changes, we recommend to not use our website.
34. UNDERAGE STATUS
Natural persons under the age of 18 years, and generally any other person that does not have full legal capacity, must request and obtain the express authorization of the person with parental authority, guardianship or curatorship, among others the parents, guardians or legal representatives in order to buy products from this website.
In the case of contract without authorization from the legal representatives, we will presume the capacity of the incapable or minor sufficient for the purchase of products on this website in accordance with the customs and the jurisprudence for that purpose, as well as the type of purchased product - edible foods, that are characterized by their low value -, governed by said contract through these clauses.
In the case of a request to cancel the contract, and not being possible for any of the parties to withdraw from the contract without costs, as well as if any civil damage or responsibility arising from the execution of this contract, the burden of proof of the lack of capacity will be placed on those who legally represent the contractors or those persons, who base their claims under the premise of an alleged lack of capacity.
35. LAW AND JURISDICTION
The use of our website and the contracts for the purchase of items through said website will be governed by Spanish law. Any dispute arising from, or related to the use of this website or to such contracts shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts and tribunals in Madrid. If you are contracting as a consumer, nothing in this clause will affect your statutory rights as such.
36. COMMENTS, SUGGESTIONS, CLAIMS AND COMPLAINTS
We welcome your comments and feedback. Please send us all feedback and comments, as well as any claims and complaints through any of our means of contact or by the postal address or the email indicated in clause 2 of the present Conditions. Moreover, we have official claim forms available to consumers and users. You can request them through any of our contact means. Your complaints and claims to our customer service will be dealt with as quickly as possible, and always within the maximum term provided by the law for this purpose. If you as a consumer consider your rights have been infringed, you can send your complaints through an email to hello@crowdfarming.com with the aim of requesting an out-of-court settlement of the dispute. Accordingly, if you purchased from us online through our website, as per the regulation Nº 524/2013 of the EU, we inform you that you are entitled to settle the consumer dispute with us out-of-court, through the EU platform for online dispute resolution which is available at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
How Did We Do?
Related Articles
The advantages of an adoption
Certifications of the farmers, are all of them organic?
Feedback and complaints
(opens in a new tab)
Send