Privacy Policy
Helly is a fast and fun way to share experiences with the world around you by sending video call to each other, which we believe is the most efficient way to exchange life moments and feelings with friends.
When you use these services—and any others we at Helly roll out, whether in the Helly app or elsewhere—you’ll share some information with us. We get that that can affect your privacy. So we want to be upfront about the information we collect, how we use it, whom we share it with, and the choices we give you to control, access, and update your information.
If you still have questions about anything in our Privacy Policy, just contact us through support@helly.com
Information We Collect
There are three basic categories of information we collect:
Information we get when you use our services.
Information you choose to give us.
Information we get from third parties.
Information We Get When You Use Our Services
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. We might know, for instance, that you saw a specific ad for a certain period of time, and sent video calls to friends. Here’s a fuller explanation of the types of information we collect when you use our services (to learn about how you can control some of this information, be sure to read the aptly titled Control over Your Information section below):
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity through our services. For example, we may collect information about:
how you interact with the services, such as which channels you watch      on Helly.
how you communicate with other Helly users, such as their names, the      time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange      with your friends, which friends you exchange messages with the most, and      your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or      capture a screenshot).
Content Information.
We collect information about the content you provide, such as if the recipient has viewed the content and the metadata that is provided with the content.
Device Information.
We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information.
Location Information.
When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your consent, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies.
Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. We may also use these technologies to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our partners, such as commerce features. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services. To learn more about how we use cookies and your choices, please check out our Cookie Statement. To learn more about how third parties use these technologies on our services, be sure to read the Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others section of our Privacy Policy.
Log Information.
We also collect log information when you use our website. That information includes, among other things:
details about how you’ve used our services.
device information, such as your web browser type and language.
access times.
pages viewed.
identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may      uniquely pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
Information You Choose to Give Us
When you interact with our services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us. For example, most of our services require you to set up a basic Helly account, so we need to collect a few important details about you, such as: a unique username you’d like to go by, a password, and your date of birth. To make it easier for others to find you, we may also ask you to provide us with some additional information that will be publicly visible on our services, such as profile pictures, a name, or other useful identifying information. Other services, such as commerce products, may also require you to provide us with a debit or credit card number and its associated account information.
It probably goes without saying, but we’ll say it anyway: When you contact Helly Support or communicate with us in any other way, we’ll collect whatever information you volunteer.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect information that other users provide about you when they use our services. For example, if another user allows us to collect information from their device phonebook—and you’re one of that user’s contacts—we may combine the information we collect from that user’s phonebook with other information we have collected about you. We may also obtain information from other companies that are owned or operated by us, or any other third-party sources, and combine that with the information we collect through our services.
How We Use Information
What do we do with the information we collect? The short answer is: Provide you with an amazing set of products and services that we relentlessly improve. Here are some of the ways we do that:
communicate with you.
monitor and analyze trends and usage.
personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends      or profile information, or customizing the content we show you, including      ads.
contextualize your experience by, among other things, tagging your      Memories content using your precise location data (if, of course, you’ve      consented to us collecting that data) and applying other labels based on      the content.
improve ad targeting and measurement, including through the use of      your precise location data (again, if you’ve consented to us collecting      that data).
enhance the safety and security of our products and services.
verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or      illegal activity.
use information we’ve collected from cookies and other technology to      enhance the services and your experience with them.
enforce our Terms of Service and other usage policies.
develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our      products and services
We may also store some information locally on your device. For example, we may store information as local cache so that you can open the app and view content faster.
How We Share Information
We may share information about you in the following ways:
With other Helly users.
We may share the following information with other Helly userss:
information about you, such as your username and name.
information about how you have interacted with the services, such as      the names of Helly users you are friends with, and other information that      will help Helly users understand your connections with others using the      services. For example, because it may not be clear whether a new friend      request comes from someone you actually know, we may share whether you and      the requestor have Helly friends in common.
any additional information you have consented for us to share. For      example, when you let us access your device phonebook, we may share      information about you with other users who have your phone number in their      device phonebook.
With all Helly users and the general public.
We may share the following information with all Helly users as well as the general public:
public information like your profile pictures.
If a Live, or any other crowd-sourced service is streamed on the web      or broadcast in some other media, it may be viewed by the public at large.
With our affiliates.
We may share information with entities within the Helly family of companies.
With third parties.
We may share your information with the following third parties:
With service providers, sellers, and partners. We may share      information about you with service providers who perform services on our      behalf, sellers that provide goods through our services, and business      partners that provide services and functionality.
With third parties for legal reasons. We may share information      about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is      needed to:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or      applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service      violations.
protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. With third parties      as part of a merger or acquisition. If Helly gets involved in a      merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition      of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share      your information with that company before and after the transaction      closes.
In the aggregate or after de-identification.
We may also share with third parties, such as advertisers, aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Information You Choose to Share with Third Parties
The services may also contain third-party links and search results, include third-party integrations, or offer a co-branded or third-party-branded service. By going to those links, using the third-party integration, or using a co-branded or third-party-branded service, you may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party website or service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our services.
Control over Your Information
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools.
Access and Updates.
We strive to let you access and update most of the personal information that we have about you. There are limits though to the requests we’ll accommodate. We may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful. You can access and update most of your basic account information right in the app by visiting the app’s Settings page. If you need to access, update, or delete other personal information that we may have, you can put in a request. Because your privacy is important to us, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we let you access or update your personal information. We will try to update and access your information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. We will of course disclose the fee before we comply with your request.
Revoking Permissions.
If you change your mind about our ongoing ability to collect information from certain sources that you have already consented to, such as your phonebook or location services, you can simply revoke your consent by changing the settings on your device if your device offers those options. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Account Deletion.
While we hope you’ll remain a lifelong Helly user, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account, just go here.
Communicating with other Helly users.
It’s also important to us that you stay in control over whom you communicate with.
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others
We may let other companies use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies on the services. These companies may collect information about how you use the services and other websites and online services over time and across different services. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity.
Additionally, some companies may use information collected on our services to deliver targeted advertisements on behalf of us or other companies, including on third-party websites and apps.
Users Globally
Although we welcome Helly from all over the world, keep in mind that no matter where you live or where you happen to use our services, your information may be shared within the Helly family of companies. This means that we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the Clouding servers and other countries outside of where you live.
Children
Our services are not allowed for—and we don’t direct them to—anyone under 18. And that’s why we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 18.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice.