Crayola
®
Create & Play
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: 1/27/2025
Crayola® Create and Play is operated by Red Games Co. on behalf of Crayola. As a globally recognized family-friendly brand, privacy and digital safety are top priorities for Crayola. To support this effort, we’ve provided this easy-to-understand privacy statement to explain how we collect, use, and disclose personal information in the Crayola Create and Play app. This Privacy Policy may be updated at any time as new features are added or as the law changes. If we make a material change to this policy we will post a notice on our site and in the app, or contact you if we have your contact information prior to making the change. Please make sure you read everything here carefully, and if you happen to be a youngster (under 18 years old), ask an adult to help explain anything you don't understand.
Table of Contents
App Data Collection & Use
iCloud Key Value Store
User Data
Service Providers
Data Retention
EU/UK Data Subject Rights
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification & GDPR
kids™
Security
Cancellation Policy
Contact Info
App Data Collection & Use
To play our app we do not actively collect any personal data from children. Personal data is information about you and can include things like your full name, address, email or phone number.
If a parent or legal guardian uses the contact form in the app, we collect their email address in order to respond to their query.
If a parent or legal guardian creates an account in the app, we collect their email address for their login and account access. We also collect an anonymous device identifier to allow them to manage the devices that can access their subscription.
Certain non-personal data (as described below) is collected and used in the App to allow players to create and save their scores and game progress. This data is stored locally on a player's device and in a player’s iCloud Key Value Store for iOS users.
iCloud Key Value Store
iCloud Key-Value Storage is a safe and secure cloud-based service provided by Apple that allows an app to save data to a user’s private iCloud Account storage and access that data from multiple devices that may be logged into the same iCloud account. Neither Crayola, Red Games Co, or Apple have access to this information. Players can delete their User Data stored in iCloud via the Settings menu.
User Data
The following game data is saved to a player’s iCloud Key Value Store unless they choose to opt out:
Session Data
Current session ID
Is this the user’s first session
Is the user subscribed
Time user began playing
Time user last played
Last timestamp the user played
Number of rewards earned this session
Number of times a coloring activity was played this session
Number of pet activities played this session
Number of lab activities played this session
Number of arcade activities played this session
Number of learning activities played this session
Rewards Data
The number of new eggs that the player has not hatched
The index of the last reward that was unlocked from the Reward schedule
The number of rewards that have been given from the current theme
The current fill value of the reward meter
The number of rewards that the player has already received today
The Time in ticks when the player last unlocked a reward
The total number of rewards that this player has ever received
The total number of rewards that the player has received while playing this version of the app
The total number of locked rewards that this player has received ever
The List of all the items that the player has unlocked
The list of all the items that the player has unlocked and has not yet viewed
The list of all unlocked items
The list of all the items the player unlocked while unsubscribed
Trophy Data
Number of trophies
Trophy ID
Trophy color
Trophy mold ID
Trophy modifiers used
Trophy creation date
Plants Data
Plant ID
Plant size
Plant rotation
Plant mirroring status
Plant growth stage
Plant type
Flowers type(s)
Plant index
Plant creation date
Plant last watered date
Was this plant created by a user?
AR Data
Plant placement on AR map
Cached version of AR map data
Onboarding Data
Which onboarding steps a user has viewed
Games Data
Highest score in Scoop Stacks (ice cream) game
Challenges Data
Challenge ID
Event ID that is tied to the challenge
Challenge completion status
Challenge acceptance status
Challenge objectives
Challenge acceptance date
Badges earned from challenge
Lifetime Data
How many times each video was viewed
How many times the paywall has been viewed
Total time spent drawing
Total time spent with pets
Total time spent playing (overall)
Time spent drawing for free users
Time spent with pets for free
Total time spent playing for free users
Events Data
IDs of earned rewards
IDs of unearned, but awarded, rewards
Device Save Data
The date representing the last say the news schedule was checked for the latest news
The date representing the last time a news alert was shown
Number of alerts seen today
Number of times a survey has been seen
Total number of sessions
Was the last load unsuccessful
Time the last survey was seen
Time the last offer was seen
Has the user seen the notification permission dialog
All of the news IDs that have been seen by this player
Notifications that have been seen by the user
Validated promo codes
Amount of times a challenge call-to-action was viewed before accepting
All of the event schedules that are active (or were active) on last run
All of the parent portal alerts that have been seen by this player
Has the user seen the guest pass
Previous session timestamps
The number of times a player has seen the rate prompt
The last time the rate prompt was shown
The version of the game when the user was shown the rate prompt
Admin Data
Time the admin data was last changed
Names of fields in the admin data
(no longer used)
Has the user rated the app
Time when the user subscription will end
Last known subscription end time
Modified subscription end time
Is the user in the free trial period
Most recent app version
Version that the user originally installed the game on
Permissions the user has allowed
Date the user installed the game
Has the user ever subscribed to the game
Type of subscription the user has
Override user paywall with this tag
Is the user using family share
User-Generated Content
Drawings
Pets
Pet Selfies
Tracings
Selfies
Molds
Service Providers
The App does not share data with any third-party service provider that can be used for that third party’s own purposes. Red Games Co collects technical data including an IP address, equipment, browsing actions, country code, user agent, App version and Operating System, as well as statistics.
In order to deliver the best app experience possible, Crayola and Red Games Co. use the following service providers in the Crayola Create and Play app:
Google Firebase is used to store anonymous usage data for the purpose of helping Red Games Co. improve the app experience. All sharing options within Google Firebase are turned off. An example of this anonymous data is the number of times each activity has been played, which helps us understand what type of content is most popular. Google Firebase also collects anonymous technical data including device type, app version, country and language settings.
We work with Zendesk for customer service. Our customer service portal is available for parents/adults only.
We use Unity IAP to implement in-app purchases. Analytics and data sharing are deactivated as soon as the app launches and no data is sent to Unity Analytics.
iCloud Key-Value storage is a safe and secure cloud-based service provided by Apple that allows an app to save data to a user’s personal iCloud Account storage and access that data from multiple devices that may be logged into the same iCloud account. Neither Crayola, Red Games Co, or Apple have access to this information. Players can delete their User Data stored in iCloud via the Settings menu.
We use Singular to track install data. Singular does not receive any personal information about our users in order to perform this service.
For more information about the data collected by service providers in the app, please contact
support@redgames.co
.
Data Retention
User Data:
Stored in the user’s iCloud and retained at the user’s discretion
Player Data and Real-Time Game Inputs:
These are stored until deleted by the user
Device Data:
Is saved locally on the user’s device
Personal Data:
Red Games retains any personal data provided by the user, such as when you subscribe or contact us and provide an email address, for as long as necessary to provide the service.
EU/UK Data Subject Rights
It is important for you to know that you have certain rights over your data:
Right to be informed - You have the right to know what personal data a company has about you and how it is used
Right to Access – You have the right to request a copy of the personal data a company has about you.
Right to Rectification - This means that you can ask for your personal data to be updated if something is incorrect
Right of Deletion - You can ask a company to delete any personal data they may have about you. Players can also delete their User Data stored in iCloud via the settings menu.
Right to request the restriction of processing concerning you - You can decide how your personal data is to be used.
Right to data portability - You can ask for your personal data to be sent to another service provider.
Right to object to processing - You can ask a company to stop using your personal data at any time
For more information or if you would like to action one of these rights you can contact us at
https://createandplay.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
.
If you would like to make a complaint about how we handle your personal data, you can contact the relevant Data Protection Authority (DPA).
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification & GDPRkids™
Red Games Co., LLC is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured Program
(“the Program”) for COPPASafe Harbor Certification and
GDPR
kids™
. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to supporting online services to safeguard children’s personal information collected online.
COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO COPPA certification Seal. The certification Seal posted on this page indicates Red Games Co., LLC has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at 801-210-0439 or
support@redgames.co
. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
GDPRkids™ Privacy Assured
The Program applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO
GDPR
kids™ Verified Shield.
The PRIVO
GDPR
kids™
Privacy Assured Program supports child directed services known as Information Society Services under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to comply with the requirements of this legislation. It impacts any child directed service in an EU Member State and any service globally that collects and or processes the personal data of children and minors. There is no safe harbor for the GDPR to date, but to ensure this company's services meet the program requirements, we conduct regular monitoring and consulting.
Security
Red Games Co uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the service providers it works with agree to do the same. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Cancellation Policy
Payment will be charged at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless canceled before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. The current period begins after the trial period ends (if available). If you cancel within your free trial period, you will not be charged. If you cancel after the free trial period ends, you will be charged for the full amount.
Contact Info
For more information on Crayola Create & Play’s privacy policy or data processing practices please email John Park at
support@redgames.co
. Parents can contact us regarding their child’s use of the app
here
.
Consumer Affairs Crayola LLC
1100 Church Lane P.O. Box 431 Easton, PA 18044
You may also email us
here
or call us at 1-800-CRAYOLA