Privacy Statement
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance Statement
Debitrak
Your Personal Data:
What we need
Debitrak Cashless Payment Systems LTD will be what’s known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information or location based information. This does however include name, and email and optionally your Mobile phone number.
Why we need it
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with an account on this portal and in line with your participation in the cashless payment system at Debitrak. We will not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee this service to you.
What we do with it
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the European Union. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so. We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
How long we keep it
We are required to keep your basic personal data (name, email) whilst you are an active user of the cashless payment scheme at Debitrak after which time it will be destroyed.
This information is not shared with third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via phone, email or our App. You may contact us to request changes or removal of your data at any time using the contact us section of the portal or our main contact details listed below.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at support@debitrak.com, or via one of the contact methods described below.
Collection and use of technical information.
This App does not use cookies, apart from temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor's web browser to remember which pages on this App have already been visited. Visitors can use this App with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this App may be logged by our internet service provider for accounting and auditing purposes. It is our policy not to disclose such technical information in respect of individual App visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1988 Data Protection Amendment) Act 2003.
Further Information and Contact Details
Contact us via Email
Debitrak