Home
Privacy Policy
English
Italiano
Español
Deutsch
Français
Česko
Magyar
The privacy and security of your personal data is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the personal data you provide to us in the Bloom Boom Casino App (the “App”) and helps you understand what personal data we request and/or obtain from you, why we request and/or obtain it, what we do with it, and for how long we retain it.
If you are a resident of the State of California, please check out our CCPA Privacy Policy, the section in this Privacy Policy that is applicable to you.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy applies to you even if you don’t have an account on Bloom Boom, but use the App as a guest or choose to get in contact with us through the App or any other means of contact.
What is data processing?
Our Privacy Policy is built around the fact that we process your personal data. What does this mean? It means we collect the personal data you provide to us, and perform various actions with respect to it, such as recording, organising, storing, adapting or altering, retrieving, consulting, using, transmitting, restricting, erasing or destructing it.
While we do so, we make sure to observe all legal requirements concerning data protection, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Austrian Data Protection Act and, where applicable, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
What personal data do we process?
To provide our services through the App, we must process your personal data. The types of personal data that we collect depend on your activities and on how you use our services, and are as follows:
Data that you provide while creating an account in our App or in connection with the account
, which includes, but is not limited to:
·       E-mail address;
App activity data
, which includes, but is not limited to:
·       Device information;
·       Source and destination data;
·       Username, player ID, account username and password, gaming transactions;
·       Online payments data;
·       Data disclosed to our Customer Service so we can provide and improve our support (including through e-mails and phone calls);
·       The above activity data corresponding to guest users is processed in anonymous mode.
Data provided by third parties
who receive your data when you visit or use their services, and they already have your permission to share your data with us because we demand our partners have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing it to us. We include here, for example, social media and, where applicable, different mobile applications.
Please note that you are not legally required to make your personal data available to us. Nevertheless, in order to be able to register an account through our App, you have to provide all the information marked as mandatory. Without this information, we are not able to enter into a contractual relationship with you, which means you are not able to benefit from our services.
Why do we process your personal data?
Our main purpose for processing your personal data is to provide our services to you. More precisely, to fulfil this purpose, we have to process personal data in order to:
1.     Make our App functional and useful to you, including for setting up and using your account.
2.     Make sure that your personal data is accurate, mainly for your own protection, but also for the purposes of age verification, preventing fraud, cheating, reducing business risks and protecting the integrity of our games. For this, a certain degree of semi-automatic profiling might be used, based on your registration and gambling activity data.
3.     Fulfil the App
Terms and Conditions.
4.     Fulfil the company’s legal obligations.
5.     Process online payments with third-party payment providers and/or financial institutions.
6.     Provide the best customer support to you.
7.     Comply with all applicable laws and regulatory obligations, such as consumer protection and financial regulations.
8.     Protect your safety and public safety, privacy and security, as well as, if necessary, protect, enforce, or defend our legal rights, privacy, safety or property, or for business risk management purposes.
9.     Improve the security, services and features of our App. This might entail providing partially customised services, features and recommendations, conducting research and surveys, asking for your optional feedback, and providing internal trainings.
10.  Conduct and complete any potential organisational business changes, such as mergers, acquisitions, transfers or sale of assets. In a case of selling all or part of the business or assets, or if we are involved in a merger, acquisition or transfer, we might disclose and transfer your personal data to the other parties involved in the business transactions. Should such case arise, you will be duly and timely informed.
11.  Optionally, and only with your specific consent: to provide customised marketing communications fitting your interests and expectations, and/or direct marketing communications that have a generic nature or are partially based on your gambling journey, and/or can be customized, via: e-mail, instant messages, chats, SMS, telephone and/or social media.
We keep all data processing as simple and limited as possible, and take it upon us not to use your personal data for anything other than the purposes specified above. In case the data is processed for other purposes and/or by other parties, you will be informed.
On what legal grounds do we process your personal data?
Our legal basis for processing your personal data is highly dependent on the purpose of the processing activity, and may vary depending on the service you are using.
In general, we process your personal data on the following legal grounds:
1.
Fulfilling our contractual obligations to you
. We process your personal data to fulfil our obligations described in our App
Terms and Conditions
, as processing your data is necessary for the performance of our App. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to provide our services, and you wouldn’t be able to enjoy the entertainment experience in our App.
2.
Observing our legal obligations.
We process your personal data as needed to comply with all applicable national and international laws and regulations, relating consumer protection, financial obligations and data protection, among others.
3.
Our legitimate interests.
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interests, which include business risk management and the protection of the integrity of our products. In processing data based on legitimate interest, we commit to implementing all appropriate measures to protect your rights related to your personal data, and to ensuring the balance between our interest and your rights in such a way that your data is processed within the strictly necessary limits.
4.
Your consent.
We process your personal data only if we have your consent for the specific processing activities where consent is needed. Without your consent, we will be stopped from further processing your personal data based on this particular legal ground, but this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before consent was withdrawn. Without your consent, we will not provide generic and/or customized offers and marketing communications.
How do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data with partially or fully automated electronic means, and protect it with adequate security measures, established and maintained according to the highest international standards for data security. The activities that may cause significant legal effects, such as decisions based on profiling, always involve a human intervention and/or final decision.
Do we share your personal data?
We only share your personal data with third parties when this is required to perform the services we are obliged to provide you with, when you have given us your consent for the sharing of your personal data, or when we are obliged to for legal reasons, by court order, or at the request of another official authority.
In other words, the data can be shared in compliance with these limits:
·       With our employees and/or collaborators who are responsible for the processing and safekeeping of the data, and whose employment and/or collaboration relationship with us is bound by a confidentiality obligation, as well as adequate standards with respect to data protection and privacy.
·       With our parent company, our sister companies and other third-party providers, who help us provide our services according to our
Terms and Conditions
, such as, but not limited to, payment services providers, marketing services providers and legal services providers.
Third parties’ access to your personal data is limited to the information necessary to perform their function on our behalf or as required by law. The sharing of data is subject to confidentiality and sufficient safeguards regarding the lawful and secure processing of your personal data by our partners.
Is your personal data transferred abroad?
Data is transferred with no restrictions within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). We shall not transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA unless appropriate safeguards for the protection of your data are in place, following the high standards for data protection established by the GDPR.
Having in mind some of the highest standards for data protection worldwide, the European Union, through the European Commission, recognizes certain
non-EEA states
as providing an adequate level of data protection. We, too, deem these countries safe for data to be transferred to, in justified cases.
For transfers of data to countries whose safeguards for data protection are not considered adequate by the European Commission, we take it upon ourselves to put in place appropriate safeguards to protect the data in compliance with data protection regulations, by concluding our contractual relationships with our partners in such a way that they guarantee an acceptable level of protection for the data we transfer to them.
Under these conditions, the personal data you provide to us may be processed outside of the EEA to deliver some of the App services, as follows:
·       Some data may be processed in the USA, depending on the payment provider chosen by you, and the activities undertaken by the payment provider. More information on how payment providers process your personal data is available in their respective Privacy Policies.
·       Some data may be processed in the USA for marketing communication purposes. More information on how your personal data is processed in this case can be found
here
.
·       Some data may be processed in the USA, due to our use of Google Analytics. More information on how Google Analytics processes your personal data is available in their
Privacy Policy
.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We seek not to keep your personal data for longer than it is necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you, or for legitimate organizational purposes. The period for which we keep and/or use your data depends on aspects like the nature of the data, the reasons why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
The following periods and criteria will apply, unless a different period is required or permitted by law, or we have reasonable belief that a different period is necessary:
·       Data collected for purposes in relation to the provision of App services, and of the services we are under an obligation to provide according to the
Terms and Conditions
(points 1 to 10 in the “Why do we process your personal data?” section of this Privacy Policy) will be kept and used for as long as we provide our services to you. Additionally, after the termination of services, this data will be kept for the retention periods set forth or allowed by specific laws.
·       Data collected for marketing purposes (point 9 in the “Why do we process your personal data?” section of this Privacy Policy) is retained during the provision of App services, and of the services we are under an obligation to provide according to the
Terms and Conditions
.
What are your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us?
You have legal rights available to you with regard to data access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and objection to processing, as well as the right to data portability, amongst others. In addition, you can withdraw any consent you may have given to data processing at any time, and have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us are detailed below, and can be exercised through our Customer Service, at
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Right of Access
You can request clear and transparent access to information regarding the data that we process with respect to your person, and the way we process your personal data, as well as a copy of the data that we store. Some of this information is already provided in your account.
Right to Rectification
We try to keep your personal data accurate and up to date. You have the right to demand that we correct any of your personal data that is incorrect, and/or complete any personal data that is incomplete.
Right to Erasure
We will, on your request, delete the personal data belonging to you, which is processed by us. However, please keep in mind that this may result in the termination of the services that we provide to you, meaning that it is possible that you will not able to enjoy the entertainment experience in our App anymore.
Right to Restriction of Processing
In certain cases and for grounded reasons, you can demand that restrictions be placed on the processing of your personal data, which would permanently or temporarily limit our possibility to use your personal data, without having to delete it. However, please keep in mind that in such cases, we might not be able to continue providing our services in their entirety.
Right to Data Portability
Upon your request, we will provide an electronic copy of the personal data you provided to us at registration. To the extent that is technically feasible, we may transfer this copy to a different service provider.
Right to Object
In certain circumstances, such as when we process your personal data for direct marketing and profiling purposes, you have the right to object at any time. In other words, when the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw the consent you have given us at any time. Your consent settings can be adjusted in your account settings on our App.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
You have the right to submit an official complaint to the supervisory authority dealing with data protection issues in your country, or to the Austrian Data Protection Authority (Datenschutz Behörde).
For British citizens, the supervisory authority dealing with data protection is the Information Commissioner’s Office and can be contacted
here
.
How can you exercise your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us?
All of your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us, with the exception of the right to lodge a complaint, can be exercised under normal circumstances free of charge, by sending a written request to our Customer Service at
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
We will do our best to respond to your requests as quickly as possible, but it may happen that other legal obligations or third-party rights and processes slow down the process. Depending on the nature of the request, you will receive an answer from us within a one-month term, which can be extended by two further months due to complexity or the number of requests we are dealing with at a certain time.
Please note that for justified reasons, we are entitled to deny your request, or to charge a reasonable fee if it is manifestly repetitive, unfounded or excessive.
Is your personal data secure with us?
We take security very seriously and are committed to observing the highest standards for the security of your personal data. We seek to implement and maintain our policies and processes in accordance with the most trusted international requirements for data security, and make sure that these are followed by all of our employees and collaborators, so as to prevent unauthorized or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. By doing this, we don’t eliminate all risks, but we do limit them significantly, decreasing the likelihood of data breaches. However, in the unlikely event of a data breach, not only do we seek to timely assess the incident and mitigate the impact, but also make sure to let you know if the data breach affects your personal data significantly.
Bloom Boom Casino may contain links to partner networks or third-party websites/apps. If you follow a link to any of these websites/apps, note that they process your personal data beyond our control, according to their own privacy policies and terms. We advise you to check such policies and
terms
before accepting and submitting any information to them.
‍
CCPA Privacy Policy
This section of our Privacy Policy (the “CCPA Section”) is addressed to users who are residents of the State of California within the scope of the CCPA or otherwise access our App from the State of California. This CCPA Section describes how we collect your personal information and protect your rights in accordance with the CCPA. If you are not a resident of the State of California, this CCPA Section does not apply to you.
Terms in the CCPA Section of the Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in the rest of our Privacy Policy, or as defined in the CCPA.
What personal information do we collect?
We are transparent about collecting your personal information, as required by the CCPA. What does this mean? It means that if we buy, rent, gather, obtain, receive or access in any way any kind of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly to you or your household, you will be informed.
The categories of personal information we collect and the source where we obtain this personal information are described in the table below. In accordance with the CCPA, these categories of personal information do not include publicly available information or, in other words, information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records.
‍
App activity data
(for example: alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, device or WiFi location)
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram;
Third parties such as but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove,, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Personal information as defined in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)
(for example: name)
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram.
Commercial information
(for example: records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram;
Third parties such as but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
(for example: browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our App)
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram;
Third parties such as but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Geolocation data
(for example: IP address)
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram;
Third parties such as but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, , Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Electronic information
(for example: this category includes such data as a result of your interaction with the device in order to play the game)
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram;
Third parties such as but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Inferences drawn from the above
Our players and consumers who access our App and their devices;
Social networks such as but not limited to Facebook and Instagram;
Third parties such as but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Why do we collect your personal information?
We collect the personal data you provide to us in accordance with the CCPA and for the following reasons:
-        To create your player account and allow you to enjoy the games in our App.
-        To make our games and services available to you, in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions
.
-        To improve and optimize our games and your entertainment experience in our App.
-        To enable you to communicate with other players.
-        To protect the safety and security of our games, App and company in general (for example, for debugging, auditing and testing).
-        For research and development, including game and feature development, improvement, optimization and refinement.
-        To protect our rights and property in connection with our games, as well as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties.
-        To prevent fraud and/or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our
Terms and Conditions
.
-        For player services and support, in order to ensure a high quality standard for our products and to solve your inquiries.
-        To provide you with in-game updates and notifications, new games and promotional offers that we think might be of interest to you.
-        To manage and deliver customized advertising and marketing (for example, for user acquisition and direct marketing communications).
-        To organize promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our partners.
Do we share your personal information?
We collect and share your personal data in accordance with the “How do we process your personal data?” section of this Privacy Policy. We do not sell nor have we sold any personal information of California residents to third parties for a commercial purpose in the past twelve months.
What are your rights regarding the personal information you provide to us, in accordance with the CCPA?
You have legal rights granted to you by the CCPA with regard to access to the personal information we collect, to the deletion of your personal information, to the opposition to the sale of your personal information, as well as non-discrimination due to the exercise of your rights under the CCPA, amongst others.
Your rights regarding the personal information you provide to us are detailed below and can be exercised by making a Verified Request via our App or via our Customer Service at
support@bloomboomcasino.com
. More information about how you can make such a request can be found in the “How do I make a Verified Request?” section below.
Right to Know
You have the right to request that we provide information about the personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell, and/or have done so during the past twelve months. You may also request that we provide you with an electronic copy of the following:
The categories of personal information we collect and process.
The categories of sources where we obtained your personal information.
Our business or commercial purpose for processing your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
Please note that we can only provide you with this information if you send us a Verified Request, as explained in the “How do I make a Verified Request?” section below.
Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten)
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected from you or with respect to you, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your Verified Request in accordance with the “How do I make a Verified Request?” section below, we will delete your personal information and request that our service providers do the same unless a lawful exception applies.
Please note that we can only delete your personal information if you send us a Verified Request.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Your Personal Information
We do not currently sell nor have we sold any of your personal information to third parties for a commercial purpose in the past twelve months. If this changes at any point in the future, we will adapt our Privacy Policy and inform you accordingly, as well as grant you the right to opt out of such sale of your personal information.
Right to Non-discrimination due to the Exercise of Your CCPA Rights
We believe in transparency and fairness, and take it upon ourselves to ensure that your rights according to the CCPA are not only theoretically granted, but also enforced. You are free and encouraged to exercise any of your rights as granted by the CCPA, and we will do our best to comply. Rest assured, exercising your rights will have no negative impact on your entertainment experience on Bloom Boom. However, note that an erasure request leads to closure of your account.
Other Rights
You also have the right to designate an authorized agent to make a request and exercise your rights under the CCPA on your behalf. In order to be authorized to act on your behalf, your authorized agent will need to make a Verified Request as described in the “How do I make a Verified Request?” section below and provide us with written permission that proves they are entitled to act on your behalf.
How do I make a Verified Request?
In order to exercise your rights under the CCPA, you need to submit a Verified Request
.
There are two ways to send us a Verified Request:
·
Via the Bloom Boom Casino App.
This automatically passes on your Player ID to us and helps us verify your identity. Please mention “CCPA” in your request, so it is easier for us to understand your request.
·
Via email to
support@BloomBoomcasino.com
.
Our teams and/or Data Protection Officer shall address any request with the due attention. When you send us such a request, please include your Player ID and reference “CCPA”, so it is easier for us to understand your request.
In order for us to handle your request as soon as possible, please take into consideration the following:
·       It is important that you include sufficient information to help us understand what you would like us to provide to you. For example, if you want us to delete your data, please tell us that. If you want to request a copy of your data, please tell us that.
·       We may need to verify your identity before processing any request. We will try to limit the additional personal information that we collect in order to process your request.
·       We may decline a request to exercise your rights under CCPA, particularly if we are unable to verify your identity, or if you make such a request more than twice within twelve months.
·       We are entitled to charge you a reasonable fee if your requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.
We will do our best to respond to your request as quickly as possible, but it may happen that other legal obligations or third-party rights and processes slow down the process. Depending on the nature of the request, you will receive an answer from us within a 45-day term, which can be extended by 45 or 90 additional days due to complexity or the number of requests we are dealing with at a certain time.
If you are using an authorized agent, the authorized agent will need to personally submit a request, along with proof of the authorization.
Additional important information
Bloom Boom Casino is intended for those aged 18 or older for entertainment purposes only. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 should not use our App at any time. If we learn that a person under the age of 18 has provided personal information, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as possible.
Will we update our Privacy Policy?
The current version of our Privacy Policy is dated
26 July 2022. We are continuously growing and improving our policies and processes in order to be able to guarantee the highest standards for the protection and security of your personal data. We are committed to keeping the way we evolve and improve in line with our values and principles, and we will let you know about any changes to our Privacy Policy that affect you directly.
Contact us:
We, Funstage GmbH, registered in Austria under number 258215d, assume the role of data controller responsible for the processing of your personal data through the Bloom Boom Casino App. In other words, we are the legal entity who determines why and how your personal data is processed in order for you be able to enjoy the full entertainment experience in our App.
You can contact us via email at
support@bloomboomcasino.com
or by mail at Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Vienna, Austria. If you want to get in direct contact with our Data Protection Officer, including for requests, questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please do so in writing at
dpo@greentube.com
.
British citizens who use our App may also contact us through our UK GDPR representative Greentube UK Limited, located at Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, United Kingdom, or via email at
dpo.uk@greentube.com
.
Ci preoccupiamo della privacy e della sicurezza dei tuoi dati personali. La presente Informativa sulla privacy descrive il modo in cui gestiamo i dati personali che ci fornisci nell'App Bloom Boom Casino (l'"App") e ti aiuta a capire quali dati personali ti chiediamo e/o otteniamo, perché li chiediamo e/o otteniamo, cosa ne facciamo e per quanto tempo li conserviamo.
Se risiedi nello Stato della California, ti invitiamo a consultare la sezione della nostra Informativa sulla privacy CCPA(Legge sulla Privacy dei consumatori della California, "California Consumer Privacy Act") della presente Informativa sulla privacy applicabile ai tuoi dati.
Ti ricordiamo che questa Informativa sulla privacy si applica anche se non hai un account su Bloom Boom Casino, ma utilizzi l'App come ospite o scegli di contattarci attraverso l'App o qualsiasi altro mezzo.
Che cos'è il trattamento dei dati personali?
La nostra Informativa sulla privacy riguarda il trattamento dei tuoi dati personali. Che cosa significa? Significa che raccogliamo i dati personali che ci fornisci ed eseguiamo diverse azioni in relazione ad essi, come la registrazione, l'organizzazione, la conservazione, l'adattamento o la modifica, il recupero, la consultazione, l'utilizzo, la trasmissione, la limitazione, la cancellazione o la distruzione.
Nel farlo, ci assicuriamo di osservare tutti i requisiti legali in materia di protezione dei dati, tra cui, a titolo esemplificativo, il Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati dell'UE ("RGPD"), la legge austriaca sulla protezione dei dati e, ove applicabile, la Legge sulla Privacy dei consumatori della California del 2018 ("CCPA").
Quali dati personali trattiamo?
Per fornire i nostri servizi attraverso l'App, dobbiamo trattare i tuoi dati personali. Il tipo di dati personali che raccogliamo dipende dalle tue attività e dal modo in cui utilizzi i nostri servizi, e sono i seguenti:
I dati da te forniti durante la creazione di un account nella nostra App o in relazione all'account
, che includono, ma non sono limitati a:
·       Indirizzo e-mail;
Dati sull'attività dell'app
, che includono, ma non si limitano a:
·       Informazioni sul dispositivo;
·       Dati di origine e di destinazione;
·       Nome utente, ID giocatore, username e password dell’account, transazioni di gioco;
·       Dati sui pagamenti online;
·       Dati comunicati al nostro Servizio Clienti per poter fornire e migliorare la nostra assistenza (anche tramite e-mail e telefonate);
·       I dati di attività di cui sopra corrispondenti agli utenti ospiti vengono elaborati in modalità anonima.
I dati sono forniti da terzi
che ricevono i tuoi dati quando visiti o utilizzi i loro servizi, e che hanno già il tuo consenso relativo alla condivisione dei tuoi dati con noi perché chiediamo ai nostri partner di avere i diritti legittimi di raccogliere, utilizzare e condividere i tuoi dati prima di fornirceli. Sono inclusi, ad esempio, i social media e, se pertinente, diverse applicazioni mobili.
Si prega di notare che non sei obbligato per legge a fornirci i tuoi dati personali. Tuttavia, per poter registrare un account attraverso la nostra App, è necessario fornire tutte le informazioni contrassegnate come obbligatorie. Senza queste informazioni, non potremo instaurare un rapporto contrattuale con te, il che significa che non potrai beneficiare dei nostri servizi.
Perché trattiamo i tuoi dati personali?
Lo scopo principale del trattamento dei tuoi dati personali è quello di fornirti i nostri servizi. Più precisamente, per adempiere a questo scopo, dobbiamo trattare i dati personali al fine di:
1.     Renderti la nostra App funzionale e utile, compresa la configurazione e l'utilizzo del tuo account.
2.     Assicurarci che i tuoi dati personali siano accurati, principalmente per la tua protezione, ma anche per la verifica dell'età, la prevenzione di frodi e imbrogli, la riduzione dei rischi commerciali e la protezione dell'integrità dei nostri giochi. A tal fine, potrebbe essere utilizzato un certo grado di profilazione semi-automatica, basata sui dati di registrazione e sulle attività di gioco.
3.     Adempiere ai Termini e condizioni dell’App.
4.     Adempiere agli obblighi legali dell'azienda.
5.     Elaborare i pagamenti online con fornitori di pagamenti esterni e/o istituzioni finanziarie.
6.     Fornire la migliore assistenza ai clienti.
7.     Rispettare tutte le leggi e gli obblighi normativi applicabili, come la protezione dei consumatori e le normative finanziarie.
8.     Proteggere la tua sicurezza e quella pubblica, la privacy, nonché, se necessario, proteggere, far rispettare o difendere i nostri diritti legali, la privacy, la sicurezza o la proprietà, o per scopi di gestione del rischio aziendale.
9.     Migliorare la sicurezza, i servizi e le funzionalità della nostra App. Ciò potrebbe comportare la fornitura di servizi, funzioni e raccomandazioni parzialmente personalizzati, la conduzione di ricerche e sondaggi, la richiesta di un feedback facoltativo e la fornitura di formazione interna.
10.  Condurre e portare a termine qualsiasi potenziale cambiamento organizzativo aziendale, come fusioni, acquisizioni, trasferimenti o vendita di attività. In caso di vendita di tutta o parte dell'attività o dei beni, o se siamo coinvolti in una fusione, acquisizione o trasferimento, potremmo divulgare e trasferire i tuoi dati personali alle altre parti coinvolte nelle transazioni commerciali. In tal caso, sarai debitamente e tempestivamente informato/a.
11.  Facoltativamente, e solo con il tuo specifico consenso: per fornire comunicazioni di marketing personalizzate che corrispondano ai tuoi interessi e alle tue aspettative, e/o comunicazioni di marketing diretto di natura generica o parzialmente basate sulla tua attività ludica, e/o personalizzabili, tramite: e-mail, messaggi istantanei, chat, SMS, telefono e/o social media.
Il trattamento dei dati è il più semplice e limitato possibile e ci impegniamo a non utilizzare i tuoi dati personali per scopi diversi da quelli sopra indicati. Nel caso in cui i dati vengano trattati per altri scopi e/o da altre parti, ti terremo a conoscenza.
Su quali basi legali trattiamo i tuoi dati personali?
La nostra base giuridica per il trattamento dei tuoi dati personali dipende in larga misura dallo scopo dell'attività di trattamento e può variare a seconda del servizio che stai utilizzando.
In generale, trattiamo i tuoi dati personali per i seguenti motivi legali:
1.
Adempimento dei nostri obblighi contrattuali nei tuoi confronti
. Trattiamo i tuoi dati personali per adempiere agli obblighi descritti nei nostri Termini e condizioni dell'App, in quanto il trattamento dei dati è necessario per l'esecuzione della nostra App. In caso contrario, non saremmo in grado di fornire i nostri servizi e non potrai usufruire dell'esperienza di intrattenimento della nostra App.
2.
Rispetto dei nostri obblighi legali.
Trattiamo i tuoi dati personali in modo necessario per rispettare tutte le leggi e i regolamenti nazionali e internazionali applicabili in materia di protezione dei consumatori, obblighi finanziari e protezione dei dati, tra gli altri.
3.
I nostri interessi legittimi.
Trattiamo i tuoi dati personali in base ai nostri legittimi interessi, che comprendono la gestione dei rischi aziendali e la protezione dell'integrità dei nostri prodotti. Nel trattare i dati sulla base di interessi legittimi, ci impegniamo a mettere in atto tutte le misure appropriate per proteggere i tuoi diritti relativi ai tuoi dati personali e a garantire l'equilibrio tra i nostri interessi e questi ultimi, in modo tale che i tuoi dati siano trattati entro i limiti strettamente necessari.
4.
Il tuo consenso.
Trattiamo i tuoi dati personali solo se abbiamo il tuo consenso per le specifiche attività di trattamento in cui il consenso è necessario. Senza tale consenso, non potremo più trattare i tuoi dati personali sulla base di questo particolare motivo legale, ma ciò non pregiudicherà la liceità del trattamento basato sul tuo consenso prima della revoca dello stesso. Senza il tuo consenso, non forniremo offerte generiche e/o personalizzate e comunicazioni di marketing.
Come trattiamo i tuoi dati personali?
Trattiamo i tuoi dati personali con mezzi elettronici parzialmente o completamente automatizzati e li proteggiamo con adeguate misure di sicurezza, stabilite e gestite secondo i più elevati standard internazionali per la sicurezza dei dati. Le attività che possono causare effetti legali significativi, come le decisioni basate sulla profilazione, prevedono sempre l'intervento umano e/o la decisione finale.
Condividiamo i tuoi dati personali?
Condividiamo i tuoi dati personali con terzi solo quando è necessario per erogare i servizi che siamo obbligati a fornirti, quando ci hai dato il consenso alla condivisione dei tuoi dati personali o quando siamo obbligati a farlo per motivi legali, per ordine del tribunale o su richiesta di un'altra autorità ufficiale.
In altre parole, i dati possono essere condivisi nel rispetto di questi limiti:
·       Con i nostri dipendenti e/o collaboratori, responsabili del trattamento e della custodia dei dati, il cui rapporto di lavoro e/o collaborazione con noi è vincolato da un obbligo di riservatezza, nonché da adeguati standard in materia di protezione dei dati e della privacy.
·       Con la nostra società madre, le nostre società sorelle e altri fornitori terzi, che ci aiutano a fornire i nostri servizi in base ai nostri Termini e condizioni, come ad esempio, ma non solo, fornitori di servizi di pagamento, fornitori di servizi di marketing e fornitori di servizi legali.
L'accesso di terzi ai tuoi dati personali è limitato alle informazioni necessarie per svolgere la loro funzione per nostro conto o come richiesto dalla legge. La condivisione dei dati è soggetta a riservatezza e a sufficienti garanzie in merito al trattamento lecito e sicuro dei tuoi dati personali da parte dei nostri partner.
I tuoi dati personali vengono trasferiti all'estero?
I dati vengono trasferiti senza restrizioni all'interno dello Spazio Economico Europeo (il "SEE"). Non trasferiremo i tuoi dati personali non appartenenti al SEE a meno che non siano state adottate adeguate misure di salvaguardia per la protezione dei dati, secondo gli elevati standard di protezione dei dati stabiliti dal RGPD.
Tenendo conto di alcuni dei più elevati standard di protezione dei dati a livello mondiale, l'Unione Europea, attraverso la Commissione Europea, riconosce ad alcuni
Stati non appartenenti al SEE
un livello adeguato di protezione dei dati. Anche noi riteniamo che questi Paesi siano sicuri per il trasferimento dei dati, in casi giustificati.
Per il trasferimento di dati verso Paesi le cui garanzie per la protezione degli stessi non sono considerate adeguate dalla Commissione Europea, ci assumiamo l'onere di mettere in atto garanzie adeguate per proteggere i dati in conformità con le normative sulla protezione dei dati, concludendo i rapporti contrattuali con i nostri partner in modo tale da garantire un livello di protezione accettabile per i dati che trasferiamo loro.
A queste condizioni, i dati personali forniti dall'utente possono essere trattati al di fuori del SEE per fornire alcuni servizi dell'App, come segue:
·       Alcuni dati possono essere trattati negli Stati Uniti, a seconda del fornitore di pagamento scelto dall'utente e delle attività svolte dal fornitore di pagamento. Ulteriori informazioni sulle modalità di trattamento dei dati personali da parte dei fornitori di servizi di pagamento sono disponibili nelle rispettive informative sulla privacy.
·       Alcuni dati possono essere trattati negli Stati Uniti per scopi di comunicazione di marketing. In questo caso, maggiori informazioni sulle modalità di trattamento dei tuoi dati personali sono disponibili
qui
.
·       Alcuni dati possono essere elaborati negli Stati Uniti a causa dell'utilizzo di Google Analytics. Ulteriori informazioni sulle modalità di trattamento dei dati personali da parte di Google Analytics sono disponibili nella loro
Informativa sulla privacy
.
Per quanto tempo conserviamo i tuoi dati personali?
Cerchiamo di non conservare i tuoi dati personali più a lungo di quanto sia necessario per adempiere ai nostri obblighi contrattuali nei tuoi confronti o per scopi organizzativi legittimi. Il periodo per il quale conserviamo e/o utilizziamo i tuoi dati dipende da aspetti quali la natura dei dati, le ragioni per cui vengono raccolti ed elaborati e le esigenze legali o operative di conservazione.
Si applicheranno i seguenti periodi e criteri, a meno che un periodo diverso non sia richiesto o consentito dalla legge, o che non si abbia la ragionevole convinzione che sia necessario un periodo diverso:
·       I dati raccolti per finalità legate alla fornitura dei servizi dell'App e dei servizi che siamo obbligati a fornire in base ai Termini e condizioni (punti da 1 a 10 della sezione "Perché trattiamo i tuoi dati personali?" della presente Informativa sulla privacy) saranno conservati e utilizzati per tutta la durata dei nostri servizi. Inoltre, dopo la cessazione dei servizi, questi dati saranno conservati per i periodi di conservazione stabiliti o consentiti da leggi specifiche.
·       I dati raccolti per finalità di marketing (punto 9 della sezione "Perché trattiamo i tuoi dati personali?" della presente Informativa sulla privacy) vengono conservati durante la fornitura dei servizi dell'App e dei servizi che siamo obbligati a fornire in base ai Termini e condizioni.
Quali sono i tuoi diritti in merito ai dati personali che fornisci?
Disponi dei diritti legali di accesso ai dati, rettifica, cancellazione, limitazione e opposizione al trattamento, nonché del diritto alla portabilità dei dati, ad esempio. Inoltre, puoi revocare in qualsiasi momento il consenso al trattamento dei dati e hai il diritto di reclamare a un'autorità di controllo.
I tuoi diritti relativi ai dati personali forniti sono dettagliati di seguito e possono essere esercitati attraverso il nostro Servizio Clienti  all'indirizzo
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Diritto di accesso
Puoi richiedere di accedere facilmente alle informazioni relative ai tuoi dati e al modo in cui trattiamo i tuoi dati personali, nonché una copia dei dati che conserviamo. Alcune di queste informazioni sono già presenti nel tuo account.
Diritto di rettifica
Cerchiamo di mantenere i tuoi dati personali accurati e aggiornati. Hai il diritto di richiedere la correzione di qualsiasi dato personale non corretto e/o il completamento di qualsiasi dato personale incompleto.
Diritto alla cancellazione
Su tua richiesta, procederemo alla cancellazione dei tuoi dati personali da noi trattati. Tuttavia, ti preghiamo di tenere presente che ciò potrebbe comportare l'interruzione dei servizi che ti forniamo, il che significa che è possibile che tu non possa più usufruire dell'esperienza di intrattenimento nella nostra App.
Diritto di limitazione del trattamento
In alcuni casi e per motivi fondati, potrai richiedere l'imposizione di restrizioni al trattamento dei tuoi dati personali, che limiterebbero in modo permanente o temporaneo la nostra possibilità di utilizzare i tuoi dati personali senza doverli cancellare. Tuttavia, considera che in questi casi potremmo non essere in grado di continuare a fornire i nostri servizi nella loro interezza.
Diritto alla portabilità dei dati
Su richiesta, siamo in grado di fornire una copia elettronica dei dati personali da te forniti al momento della registrazione. Nella misura in cui ciò sia tecnicamente possibile, potremo trasferire questa copia a un altro fornitore di servizi.
Diritto di opposizione
In determinate circostanze, ad esempio quando trattiamo i tuoi dati personali per finalità di marketing diretto e di profilazione, hai il diritto di opporti in qualsiasi momento. In altre parole, quando il trattamento dei tuoi dati personali si basa sul tuo consenso, puoi revocarlo in qualsiasi momento. Le impostazioni del consenso possono essere modificate nelle impostazioni dell'account sulla nostra App.
Diritto di proporre reclamo all'autorità di controllo
Hai il diritto di presentare un reclamo ufficiale all'autorità di controllo che si occupa di questioni relative alla protezione dei dati nel tuo Paese, o all'Autorità austriaca per la protezione dei dati (Datenschutz Behörde).
Per i cittadini britannici, l'autorità di controllo che si occupa della protezione dei dati è l'Ufficio della Sovrintendenza alle informazioni (Information Commissioner's Office) che può essere contattato
qui
.
Come puoi esercitare i tuoi diritti sui dati personali che ci fornisci?
Tutti i tuoi diritti relativi ai dati personali che ci fornisci, ad eccezione del diritto di presentare un reclamo, possono essere esercitati in circostanze normali e gratuitamente inviando una richiesta scritta al nostro Servizio Clienti all'indirizzo
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Faremo del nostro meglio per rispondere alle tue richieste il prima possibile, ma altri obblighi legali o diritti e processi di terzi potrebbero rallentare il processo. A seconda della natura della richiesta, riceverai una risposta da parte nostra entro un mese, che può essere prorogato di altri due mesi a causa della complessità o del numero di richieste che stiamo trattando in un determinato momento.
Si prega di notare che, per motivi giustificati, abbiamo il diritto di rifiutare la tua richiesta o di addebitare un costo ragionevole se è palesemente ripetitiva, infondata o eccessiva.
I tuoi dati personali sono al sicuro con noi?
Prendiamo estremamente sul serio la sicurezza e ci impegniamo a rispettare gli standard più elevati per la sicurezza dei tuoi dati personali. Cerchiamo di implementare e mantenere le nostre politiche e i nostri processi in conformità con i più accreditati requisiti internazionali in materia di sicurezza dei dati e ci assicuriamo che questi vengano seguiti da tutti i nostri dipendenti e collaboratori, in modo da prevenire trattamenti non autorizzati o illegali, perdite accidentali, distruzione e danni. In questo modo non eliminiamo tutti i rischi, ma li limitiamo in modo significativo, diminuendo le probabilità di violazione dei dati. Tuttavia, nell'improbabile caso che ciò avvenga, non solo cerchiamo di valutare tempestivamente l'incidente e di mitigarne l'impatto, ma ci assicuriamo anche di informarti se la violazione dei dati riguarda in modo significativo i tuoi dati personali.
Bloom Boom Casino può contenere collegamenti a reti di partner o a siti web/app di terzi. Se segui un link a uno di questi siti web/app, tieni presente che non siamo responsabili del trattamento dei tuoi dati personali e che questi seguono le loro politiche e condizioni sulla privacy. Ti consigliamo di controllare tali politiche e termini prima di accettare e inviare qualsiasi informazione a tali siti.
‍
Informativa sulla privacy CCPA
Questa sezione della nostra Informativa sulla privacy (la "Sezione CCPA") è rivolta agli utenti che sono residenti nello Stato della California nell'ambito di applicazione del CCPA o che comunque accedono alla nostra App dallo Stato della California. La presente sezione CCPA descrive le modalità di raccolta dei tuoi dati personali e la tutela dei tuoi diritti in conformità al CCPA. Se non risiedi nello Stato della California, la presente sezione CCPA non è applicabile.
I termini contenuti nella sezione CCPA dell'Informativa sulla privacy hanno lo stesso significato che hanno nel resto della nostra Informativa sulla privacy, o come definiti nel CCPA.
Quali informazioni personali raccogliamo?
Raccogliamo i tuoi dati personali in totale trasparenza, in conformità con il CCPA. Che cosa significa? Significa che se acquistiamo, affittiamo, raccogliamo, otteniamo, riceviamo o accediamo in qualsiasi modo a qualsiasi tipo di informazione che identifichi, si riferisca, descriva, possa essere associata o possa ragionevolmente essere collegata, direttamente o indirettamente, a te o al tuo nucleo familiare, ne sarai a conoscenza.
Le categorie relative alle informazioni personali che raccogliamo e la fonte da cui otteniamo tali informazioni personali sono descritte nella tabella seguente. In conformità con il CCPA, queste categorie di informazioni personali non includono informazioni di dominio pubblico o, in altre parole, informazioni rese legittimamente disponibili da documenti governativi federali, statali o locali.
Categoria di informazioni personali
Fonte
Dati sull'attività dell'app
(ad esempio: nickname, identificativo personale unico, identificativo online, indirizzo IP, posizione del dispositivo o del WiFi)
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terze parti quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Informazioni personali come definite nel Codice Civile dello Stato della California (Cal. Civ. Code) 1798.80(e)
(ad esempio: nome)
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram.
Informazioni commerciali
(per esempio: registrazioni di beni personali, prodotti o servizi acquistati, ottenuti o presi in considerazione, o altre storie o tendenze di acquisto o consumo)
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram;
·       Terze parti quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Informazioni sull'attività su Internet o su altre reti elettroniche
(ad esempio: cronologia di navigazione, cronologia di ricerca e informazioni relative alla tua interazione con la nostra App)
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terze parti quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Dati di geolocalizzazione
(ad esempio: indirizzo IP)
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terze parti quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Informazioni elettroniche
(ad esempio: questa categoria comprende i dati risultanti dalla tua interazione con il dispositivo al fine di giocare)
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terze parti quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Inferenze tratte da quanto sopra
I nostri giocatori e consumatori che accedono alla nostra App e ai loro dispositivi;
Social network quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terze parti quali, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Perché raccogliamo i tuoi dati personali?
Raccogliamo i dati personali che ci fornisci ai sensi del CCPA e per i seguenti motivi:
-        Per creare il tuo account giocatore e permetterti di divertirti con i giochi della nostra App.
-        Per migliorare e ottimizzare i nostri giochi e la tua esperienza di intrattenimento nella nostra App.
-        Per consentirti di comunicare con altri giocatori.
-        Per proteggere la sicurezza dei nostri giochi, dell'App e dell'azienda in generale (ad esempio, per il debug, la verifica e i test).
-        Per la ricerca e lo sviluppo, compreso lo sviluppo di giochi e funzioni, il miglioramento, l'ottimizzazione e il perfezionamento.
-        Per proteggere i nostri diritti e la nostra proprietà in relazione ai nostri giochi, nonché per adempiere ai nostri obblighi legali, risolvere eventuali controversie con te o con altri giocatori e applicare i nostri accordi con terzi.
-        Per prevenire frodi e/o attività potenzialmente illegali e per far rispettare i nostri Termini e condizioni.
-        Per i servizi e l'assistenza ai giocatori, al fine di garantire uno standard di alta qualità per i nostri prodotti e di risolvere le tue richieste.
-        Per fornirti aggiornamenti e notifiche sul gioco, nuovi giochi e offerte promozionali che riteniamo possano essere di tuo interesse.
-        Per gestire e fornire pubblicità e marketing personalizzati (ad esempio, per l'acquisizione di utenti e le comunicazioni di marketing diretto).
-        Per organizzare attività promozionali o eventi sponsorizzati o gestiti da noi o dai nostri partner.
Condividiamo le tue informazioni personali?
Raccogliamo e condividiamo i tuoi dati personali in conformità con la sezione "Come trattiamo i tuoi dati personali?" della presente Informativa sulla privacy. Non vendiamo e non abbiamo venduto negli ultimi dodici mesi alcuna informazione personale di utenti residenti in California a terzi per scopi commerciali.
Quali sono i tuoi diritti in merito alle informazioni personali che ci fornisci, in conformità con il CCPA?
Hai i diritti legali garantiti dal CCPA rispetto all'accesso alle informazioni personali che raccogliamo, alla cancellazione delle informazioni personali, all'opposizione alla vendita delle tue informazioni personali, nonché alla non discriminazione dovuta all'esercizio dei diritti previsti dal CCPA, ad esempio.
I tuoi diritti relativi ai dati personali che ci fornisci sono descritti in dettaglio qui di seguito e possono essere esercitati effettuando una "Richiesta di verifica" tramite la nostra App o tramite il nostro Servizio Clienti all'indirizzo
support@bloomboomcasino.com
. Ulteriori informazioni su come effettuare tale richiesta sono disponibili nella sezione "Come si effettua una richiesta di verifica?" di seguito.
Diritto di sapere
Hai il diritto di richiedere informazioni sulle informazioni personali che raccogliamo, utilizziamo, divulghiamo e vendiamo, e/o su cosa abbiamo fatto con queste negli ultimi dodici mesi. Puoi, inoltre, richiedere che ti venga fornita una copia elettronica di quanto segue:
Le categorie di informazioni personali che raccogliamo e trattiamo.
Le categorie di fonti da cui abbiamo ottenuto i tuoi dati personali.
Il nostro scopo aziendale o commerciale per il trattamento dei tuoi dati personali.
Le categorie di terzi con cui condividiamo i tuoi dati personali.
Si prega di notare che possiamo fornirti queste informazioni solo se ci invii una “Richiesta di verifica”, come spiegato nella sezione "Come si effettua una richiesta di verifica?" di seguito.
Diritto alla cancellazione (diritto all'oblio)
Hai il diritto di richiedere la cancellazione delle informazioni personali che abbiamo raccolto su di te o nei tuoi confronti, fatte salve alcune eccezioni.
Una volta ricevuta e confermata la tua richiesta di verifica in conformità con la sezione "Come si effettua una richiesta di verifica?", cancelleremo i tuoi dati personali e chiederemo ai nostri fornitori di servizi di fare lo stesso, a meno che non si applichi un'eccezione legittima.
Si prega di notare che possiamo cancellare i tuoi dati personali solo se ci invii una richiesta di verifica.
Diritto di rinunciare alla vendita dei propri dati personali
Attualmente non vendiamo, né abbiamo venduto negli ultimi dodici mesi, alcuna delle tue informazioni personali a terzi per scopi commerciali. Se ciò dovesse cambiare in futuro, adegueremo la nostra Informativa sulla privacy e ti informeremo di conseguenza, oltre a garantirti il diritto di rinunciare alla vendita dei tuoi dati personali.
Diritto alla non discriminazione a causa dell'esercizio dei propri diritti CCPA
Crediamo nella trasparenza e nella correttezza e ci impegniamo a far sì che i tuoi diritti ai sensi del CCPA non siano solo teoricamente garantiti, ma anche applicati. Sentiti libero e incoraggiato a esercitare qualsiasi diritto previsto dal CCPA e faremo del nostro meglio per rispettarlo. Ti assicuriamo che l'esercizio dei tuoi diritti non avrà alcun impatto negativo sulla tua esperienza di intrattenimento su Bloom Boom Casino. Tuttavia, si noti che una richiesta di cancellazione comporta la chiusura dell’account.
Altri diritti
Hai inoltre il diritto di designare un agente autorizzato a presentare una richiesta e a esercitare per conto tuo i diritti previsti dal CCPA. Per essere autorizzato ad agire per conto tuo, l'agente autorizzato dovrà effettuare una Richiesta di verifica come descritto nella sezione "Come si effettua una richiesta di verifica?" di seguito e fornirci un'autorizzazione scritta che dimostri che è autorizzato ad agire a nome tuo.
Come si effettua una richiesta di verifica?
Per esercitare i tuoi diritti ai sensi del CCPA, è necessario inviare una Richiesta di verifica
.
Esistono
due modi per inviare una richiesta di verifica:
·
Tramite l'App Bloom Boom Casino.
Questo ci comunica automaticamente il tuo ID giocatore e ci aiuta a verificare la tua identità. Ti preghiamo di menzionare "CCPA" nella tua richiesta, in modo che sia più facile per noi comprenderne la natura.
·
Via e-mail all'indirizzo
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
I nostri team e/o il responsabile della protezione dei dati si occuperanno di ogni richiesta con la dovuta attenzione. Quando ci invii una richiesta di questo tipo, ti chiediamo di includere il tuo ID giocatore e il riferimento "CCPA", in modo che sia più facile per noi comprenderne la natura.
Per gestire la tua richiesta nel più breve tempo possibile, ti chiediamo di prendere in considerazione quanto segue:
·       È importante includere informazioni sufficienti per aiutarci a capire cosa desideri che ti forniamo. Ad esempio, se desideri che i tuoi dati vengano cancellati, sei pregato di comunicarcelo. Se desideri richiedere una copia dei tuoi dati, ti chiediamo di farlo.
·       Potrebbe essere necessario verificare la tua identità prima di elaborare qualsiasi richiesta. Cercheremo di limitare le informazioni personali aggiuntive che raccogliamo per elaborare la tua richiesta.
·       Potremmo rifiutare una richiesta di esercizio dei tuoi diritti ai sensi del CCPA, in particolare se non siamo in grado di verificare la tua identità o se presenti tale richiesta più di due volte nell'arco di dodici mesi.
·       Abbiamo il diritto di addebitarti una tariffa ragionevole se le tue richieste sono palesemente infondate, eccessive o ripetitive.
Faremo del nostro meglio per rispondere alla tua richiesta il più presto possibile, ma può accadere che altri obblighi legali o diritti e processi di terzi rallentino il processo. A seconda della natura della richiesta, riceverai una risposta da parte nostra entro 45 giorni, termine che può essere esteso di altri 45 o 90 giorni a causa della complessità o del numero di richieste che stiamo trattando in un determinato momento.
Se si utilizza un agente autorizzato, quest'ultimo dovrà presentare personalmente una richiesta, insieme alla prova dell'autorizzazione.
Ulteriori informazioni importanti
Bloom Boom Casino è destinato a persone di età pari o superiore ai 18 anni, a scopo di intrattenimento. Non raccogliamo consapevolmente informazioni personali da minori di 18 anni. I minori di 18 anni non dovrebbero mai utilizzare la nostra App. Se veniamo a conoscenza che una persona di età inferiore ai 18 anni ha fornito informazioni personali, adotteremo misure ragionevoli per cancellare tali informazioni il prima possibile.
Aggiorneremo la nostra Informativa sulla privacy?
La versione attuale della nostra Informativa sulla privacy è datata 01/01/2022. Siamo in continua crescita e miglioriamo continuamente le nostre politiche e i nostri processi per poter garantire i più alti standard di protezione e sicurezza dei tuoi dati personali. Ci impegniamo a mantenere il nostro modo di evolvere e migliorare in linea con i nostri valori e principi, e ti informeremo di eventuali modifiche alla nostra Informativa sulla privacy che ti riguardano direttamente.
Contattaci:
Funstage GmbH, registrata in Austria con il numero 258215d, assume il ruolo di responsabile del trattamento dei tuoi dati personali attraverso l'App Bloom Boom Casino. In altre parole, siamo l'entità legale che determina il motivo e il modo in cui i tuoi dati personali vengono elaborati per consentirti di usufruire di un'esperienza di intrattenimento completa nella nostra App.
Puoi contattarci via e-mail all'indirizzo
support@bloomboomcasino.com
o per posta all'indirizzo: Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Vienna, Austria. Se desideri contattare direttamente il nostro Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati, anche per richieste, domande o dubbi relativi alla nostra Informativa sulla Privacy, ti preghiamo di farlo per iscritto all'indirizzo
dpo@greentube.com
.
I cittadini britannici che utilizzano la nostra App possono anche contattarci attraverso il nostro rappresentante RGPD britannico Greentube UK Limited, con sede a Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, Regno Unito, o via e-mail all'indirizzo
dpo.uk@greentube.com
.
‍
La privacidad y seguridad de sus datos personales son importantes para nosotros. En esta Política de privacidad se explica cómo gestionamos los datos personales que usted nos facilita en la App de Bloom Boom Casino (la “App”), para ayudarle a entender qué datos personales le solicitamos y/u obtenemos de usted, por qué los solicitamos y/u obtenemos, qué hacemos con ellos y durante cuánto tiempo los almacenamos.
Si reside en el estado de California, consulte nuestra sección sobre Política de privacidad de la CCPA (siglas en inglés de
California Consumer Privacy Act
, Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California) de la presente Política de privacidad, que es de aplicación para usted.
Tenga en cuenta que la presente Política de privacidad rige para usted aunque no tenga una cuenta en Bloom Boom Casino, basta con que utilice la App como invitado o que haya decidido ponerse en contacto con nosotros a través de la App o por cualquier otro medio.
¿Qué es el tratamiento de datos?
Nuestra Política de privacidad gira en torno al hecho de que nosotros tratamos sus datos personales. ¿Qué quiere decir esto? Quiere decir que recopilamos los datos personales que usted nos facilita y llevamos a cabo diversas operaciones con ellos, como registrarlos, organizarlos, almacenarlos, adaptarlos o alterarlos, recuperarlos, consultarlos, utilizarlos, transmitirlos, restringirlos, eliminarlos o destruirlos.
Al realizar estas operaciones nos aseguramos de cumplir con todos los requisitos legales en materia de protección de datos, incluidos, entre otros, los establecidos en el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos de la UE (“RGPD”), la Ley de Protección de Datos de Austria y, según el caso, en la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California de 2018 (“CCPA” por sus siglas en inglés).
¿Qué datos personales tratamos?
Para poder ofrecer nuestros servicios a través de la App debemos tratar sus datos personales. Los tipos de datos personales que recogemos dependen de las actividades que usted desarrolle y de cómo utilice nuestros servicios. Son los siguientes:
Datos que usted nos facilita al crear una cuenta en nuestra App, o que guardan relación con la cuenta.
Incluyen, entre otros:
·       Dirección de correo electrónico;
Datos de su actividad en la App
; que incluyen, entre otros:
·       Información del dispositivo;
·       Datos de origen y de destino;
·       Nombre de usuario, ID de jugador, nombre de usuario y contraseña de la cuenta, transacciones de juego;
·       Datos de pagos online;
·       Datos revelados a nuestro Servicio de Atención al Cliente, que nos permiten prestarle ayuda y mejorar nuestro servicio de soporte (incluyen correos electrónicos y llamadas telefónicas);
·       Los datos anteriormente mencionados sobre actividades como usuario invitado se tratan de manera anónima.
Datos suministrados por terceros
que reciben sus datos cuando usted visita o utiliza sus servicios y que cuentan con su permiso para compartirlos con nosotros, ya que exigimos a nuestros socios que estén legalmente autorizados para recopilar, utilizar y compartir sus datos antes de facilitárnoslos. Aquí incluiríamos, por ejemplo, los datos obtenidos de redes sociales y, en su caso, de diferentes aplicaciones móviles.
Tenga presente que, aunque usted no está obligado por ley a poner sus datos a nuestra disposición, para poder registrar una cuenta a través de nuestra App es preciso que facilite toda la información marcada como obligatoria. Si no disponemos de dicha información no podemos formalizar una relación contractual con usted, lo que quiere decir que usted no podrá beneficiarse de nuestros servicios.
¿Por qué tratamos sus datos personales?
El propósito principal por el que tratamos sus datos personales es ofrecerle nuestros servicios. Más concretamente, para lograr este propósito tenemos que tratar sus datos personales para:
1.     Hacer que nuestra App sea más funcional y útil para usted, especialmente a la hora de configurar y utilizar su cuenta.
2.     Asegurarnos de la exactitud de sus datos personales, sobre todo por su propia seguridad, pero también para otros fines: verificación de edad, prevención de fraudes y engaños, mitigación de riesgos comerciales y protección de la integridad de nuestros juegos. Para ello puede ser necesario en cierta medida elaborar de forma semiautomática un perfil basado en los datos de su registro y de sus actividades de juego.
3.     Cumplir con lo dispuesto en los Términos y Condiciones Generales de la App.
4.     Cumplir con las obligaciones legales de la empresa.
5.     Procesar pagos online con terceros proveedores de pagos y/o entidades financieras.
6.     Ofrecerle el mejor servicio de asistencia al cliente.
7.     Cumplir con la legislación vigente y las obligaciones normativas, como las relativas a la protección de los consumidores y a asuntos financieros.
8.     Velar por su seguridad y por la seguridad y privacidad públicas; además de, en caso necesario, proteger, hacer valer o defender nuestros derechos, nuestra seguridad o nuestras propiedades, o gestionar los riesgos comerciales.
9.     Mejorar la seguridad, los servicios y las funciones de nuestra App. Esto puede implicar ofrecer servicios, funciones y recomendaciones parcialmente individualizadas, llevar a cabo estudios y encuestas, darle la opción de enviarnos sus opiniones y comentarios y proporcionar formación interna.
10.  Llevar a cabo y completar posibles cambios en la organización de la empresa, como fusiones, adquisiciones y traspasos o ventas de activos. En caso de venta de parte o la totalidad de la empresa o de sus activos, o si entrásemos en un proceso de fusión, adquisición o traspaso, podríamos revelar y transferir sus datos personales a las otras partes involucradas en estas transacciones empresariales. Llegado el caso, le mantendríamos informado debida y puntualmente.
11.  Opcionalmente, y solo si contamos con su consentimiento expreso: enviar comunicaciones de marketing personalizadas que se ajusten a sus intereses y expectativas, y/o comunicaciones de marketing directo que sean de carácter genérico o se basen en su historial de jugador, y/o puedan ser personalizadas, a través de: correo electrónico, mensajería instantánea, chats, SMS, teléfono y/o redes sociales.
Gestionamos el tratamiento de datos del modo más simple y limitado posible, y nos comprometemos a no utilizar sus datos personales para otros propósitos distintos de los anteriormente mencionados. En caso de que los datos vayan a ser tratados para otros fines y/o por terceros, le informaríamos de ello.
¿Cuál es la base legal que nos legitima para el tratamiento de sus datos?
Nuestra base legal para el tratamiento de sus datos personales depende en gran medida de la finalidad del tratamiento, y puede variar en función del servicio que usted utilice.
En general, para tratar sus datos personales nos basamos en las siguientes bases legales:
1.
Cumplimiento de nuestras obligaciones contractuales con usted
. Tratamos sus datos personales para cumplir con las obligaciones descritas en los Términos y Condiciones Generales de nuestra App, ya que es necesario para que esta funcione. De otro modo no podríamos prestar nuestros servicios y usted no podría disfrutar de su experiencia de ocio en nuestra App.
2.
Cumplimiento de nuestras obligaciones legales.
Tratamos sus datos personales en la medida en que sea necesario para cumplir con la legislación nacional e internacional en materia de protección de los consumidores, obligaciones financieras y protección de datos, entre otras cuestiones.
3.
Nuestros intereses legítimos.
Tratamos sus datos personales sobre la base de nuestros intereses legítimos, que incluyen la gestión de riesgos comerciales y la protección de la integridad de nuestros productos. Al tratar datos basándonos en nuestros intereses legítimos, nos comprometemos a aplicar todas las medidas necesarias para proteger sus derechos sobre sus datos personales y para asegurar el adecuado equilibrio entre nuestros intereses y sus derechos, de modo que sus datos sean tratados dentro de los límites estrictamente necesarios.
4.
Su consentimiento.
Únicamente trataremos sus datos personales si tenemos su consentimiento para realizar las actividades específicas de tratamiento para las que su consentimiento sea necesario. Si usted no ha expresado su consentimiento, no podremos basarnos en esta base legal en particular para tratar sus datos personales, si bien ello no afectará a la validez legal del tratamiento de datos basado en el consentimiento dado por usted antes de revocarlo. Si no contamos con su consentimiento, nos abstendremos de presentarle ofertas genéricas y/o personalizadas ni comunicaciones de marketing.
¿Cómo tratamos sus datos personales?
Tratamos sus datos personales utilizando medios electrónicos parcial o completamente automatizados, y los protegemos con las medidas de seguridad adecuadas; establecidas y adoptadas conforme a los más altos estándares internacionales de seguridad de datos. Para realizar actividades susceptibles de producir efectos legales significativos, como decisiones basadas en la elaboración de perfiles, se exige siempre la intervención humana, y/o que la decisión final sea adoptada por personas.
¿Compartimos sus datos personales?
Únicamente compartimos sus datos personales con terceros cuando sea necesario para prestar los servicios que estamos obligados a proporcionarle, cuando usted nos haya dado su consentimiento para compartirlos, o cuando estemos obligados a ello por motivos legales, para la ejecución de una orden judicial o cuando lo solicite otra autoridad organismo oficial.
En otras palabras, se pueden compartir los datos cuando se ajusten a las siguientes limitaciones:
·       Que se compartan con nuestros empleados y/o colaboradores responsables del tratamiento y la salvaguarda de los datos, y cuya relación laboral o de colaboración con nosotros esté vinculada al deber de confidencialidad, así como a los estándares adecuados en materia de protección de datos y privacidad.
·       Con nuestra sociedad matriz, nuestras sociedades hermanas y otros terceros proveedores que nos ayudan a prestar nuestros servicios conforme a lo dispuesto en los Términos y Condiciones Generales; lo que incluye, entre otros, a proveedores de servicios de pagos, proveedores de servicios de marketing y proveedores de servicios jurídicos.
El acceso de terceros a sus datos personales está limitado a la información necesaria para el desempeño de sus funciones en nuestro nombre o por exigencia legal. Se halla, además, sujeto al deber de confidencialidad y a la existencia de medidas suficientes de salvaguarda que garanticen el tratamiento seguro y conforme a la ley de sus datos personales por parte de nuestros socios.
¿Se transfieren sus datos personales a otros países?
Sus datos pueden transferirse sin restricciones dentro del Espacio Económico Europeo (el “EEE”). En este sentido, no transferiremos sus datos personales a países no pertenecientes al EEE, salvo que cuenten con medidas de salvaguarda apropiadas para la protección de sus datos, de acuerdo con los altos estándares de protección de datos que establece el RGPD.
Teniendo presentes los más altos estándares internacionales de protección de datos; la Unión Europea, a través de la Comisión, reconoce que ciertos
estados no pertenecientes al EEE
ofrecen un nivel de protección de datos adecuado. Nosotros también consideramos que es seguro transferir datos a estos países en casos justificados.
Por lo que respecta a transferencias de datos a países cuyas medidas de salvaguarda para la protección de datos no son consideradas apropiadas por la Comisión Europea, nos comprometemos a adoptar las medidas de salvaguarda que sean necesarias para proteger los datos conforme a las normativas vigentes en la materia. Para ello, al establecer relaciones contractuales con nuestros socios, nos aseguramos de que garanticen un nivel de protección adecuado a los datos que les transferimos.
Bajo estas condiciones, los datos personales que usted nos facilita pueden ser tratados en países externos al EEE para proporcionar algunos de los servicios de la App, según se explica a continuación:
·       Algunos datos pueden ser tratados en los EE.UU., dependiendo del proveedor de pagos que usted haya elegido y de las actividades que desarrolle este. Puede consultar más información sobre el tratamiento de sus datos personales por parte de los proveedores de pagos en sus respectivas Políticas de privacidad.
·       Algunos datos pueden ser tratados en los EE.UU. para fines de comunicaciones de marketing.
Aquí
puede consultar más información sobre el tratamiento de sus datos personales en estos casos.
·       Algunos datos pueden ser tratados en los EE.UU. porque utilizamos Google Analytics. Puede consultar más información sobre el tratamiento de sus datos personales por Google Analytics en su
Política de privacidad
.
¿Durante cuánto tiempo conservamos sus datos personales?
Intentamos no conservar sus datos personales más tiempo del que sea necesario para cumplir nuestras obligaciones contractuales con usted o para nuestros fines empresariales legítimos. El periodo durante el que conservaremos y/o utilizaremos sus datos depende de aspectos como la naturaleza de los datos, las razones por las que se recopilan y tratan, y ciertas necesidades especiales legales u operativas que obligan a retenerlos.
Se aplicarán los periodos y criterios que se exponen a continuación, salvo que la legislación vigente exija o permita un periodo distinto, o nosotros tengamos razones justificadas para creer que es preciso aplicar un periodo distinto:
·       Los datos recopilados para fines relativos a la prestación de los servicios de la App y los servicios que estamos obligados a prestar en virtud de los dispuesto en los Términos y Condiciones Generales (puntos 1 al 10 de la sección “¿Por qué tratamos sus datos personales?” de la presente Política de privacidad) se conservarán y utilizarán durante el tiempo que se prolongue la prestación de nuestros servicios a usted. Además, una vez terminados dichos servicios, los datos se conservarán durante los periodos de retención que establecen las leyes especiales sobre la materia.
·       Los datos recopilados para fines de marketing (punto 9 de la sección “¿Por qué tratamos sus datos personales?” de la presente Política de privacidad) se retienen durante la prestación de los servicios de la App y los servicios que estamos obligados a prestar en virtud de lo dispuesto en los Términos y Condiciones Generales.
¿Cuáles son sus derechos con respecto a los datos personales que nos facilita?
Usted es titular de los derechos de acceso, rectificación y supresión de datos, del derecho a la limitación del tratamiento y a la oposición a este, así como del derecho a la portabilidad de los datos, entre otros. Puede, además, retirar en cualquier momento el consentimiento que haya dado al tratamiento de sus datos, y tiene derecho a presentar una reclamación ante una autoridad de control.
A continuación se exponen sus derechos con respecto a los datos personales que nos facilita. Puede ejercerlos a través de nuestro Servicio de Atención al Cliente:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Derecho de acceso
Puede solicitar el acceso claro y sencillo a la información relativa a su persona que nosotros tratamos y al modo en que tratamos sus datos personales, así como una copia de los datos que almacenamos. Parte de esta información figura ya en su cuenta.
Derecho de rectificación
Hacemos lo posible por conservar la exactitud de sus datos personales y por mantenerlos actualizados. Usted tiene derecho a pedir que corrijamos cualquiera de sus datos personales, si fueran incorrectos, y/o a completar cualquier dato personal que esté incompleto.
Derecho de supresión
Cuando lo solicite, suprimiremos los datos personales de usted que estemos tratando. No obstante, tenga presente que el ejercicio de este derecho puede conllevar la terminación de los servicios que le prestamos, lo que implica la posibilidad de que no pueda seguir disfrutando de la experiencia de ocio que ofrece nuestra App.
Derecho a la limitación del tratamiento
En ciertos casos y por causas justificadas, puede exigir que se apliquen limitaciones al tratamiento de sus datos personales, lo que restringiría temporal o permanentemente nuestras posibilidades de utilizarlos sin tener que suprimirlos. No obstante, tenga presente que en tales casos quizás no podríamos continuar prestándole la totalidad de nuestros servicios.
Derecho a la portabilidad de los datos
Cuando lo solicite, le proporcionaremos una copia en formato electrónico de los datos personales que nos facilitó al registrarse. En la medida en que sea técnicamente viable, podemos transferir dicha copia a un proveedor de servicios diferente.
Derecho de oposición
En determinadas circunstancias, como cuando tratamos sus datos personales con fines de marketing directo y de elaboración de perfiles, usted tiene derecho a oponerse a dicho tratamiento en cualquier momento. En otras palabras, usted puede retirar en cualquier momento el consentimiento requerido para el tratamiento de sus datos personales. Los parámetros relativos a su consentimiento se pueden ajustar en la configuración de su cuenta en nuestra App.
Derecho a presentar una reclamación
Tiene asimismo derecho a presentar una reclamación oficial ante la autoridad de control competente para cuestiones de protección de datos en su país, o ante la Autoridad de Protección de Datos de Austria (
Datenschutz Behörde
).
En el caso de ciudadanos del Reino Unido, la autoridad de control competente para cuestiones de protección de datos es la Oficina del Comisionado de Información (
Information Commissioner’s Office
), con la que puede ponerse en contacto
aquí
.
¿Cómo puede ejercer sus derechos con respecto a los datos personales que nos facilita?
Todos sus derechos con respecto a los datos personales que nos facilita, salvo el derecho a presentar una reclamación, pueden ejercerse en circunstancias normales y de forma gratuita enviando una solicitud por escrito a nuestro Servicio de Atención al Cliente:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Haremos todo cuanto esté en nuestras manos para responder a su solicitud tan rápido como sea posible, aunque puede ocurrir que otras obligaciones legales o derechos y procesos de terceros ralenticen su tramitación. Dependiendo de la naturaleza de la solicitud, recibirá nuestra respuesta en el plazo de un mes, que podría ampliarse otros dos meses debido a la complejidad o al volumen de solicitudes que gestionamos en determinados momentos.
Rogamos tenga en cuenta que tenemos derecho a denegar su solicitud por causa justificada, o a cobrar una cantidad razonable cuando dicha solicitud sea manifiestamente repetitiva, infundada o exagerada.
¿Están sus datos  personales seguros con nosotros?
La seguridad es una cuestión que nos tomamos muy en serio, como demuestra nuestro compromiso por cumplir con los más altos estándares de seguridad en el tratamiento de sus datos personales. Tratamos de adoptar y mantener nuestras  políticas y procedimientos en línea con los requisitos internacionales de mayor fiabilidad sobre seguridad de datos, y de asegurarnos de que todos nuestros empleados y colaboradores actúan conforme a ellos, a fin de evitar tratamientos no autorizados o ilegales y pérdidas, destrucciones o daños accidentales. De esta forma, aunque no seamos capaces de eliminar todos los riesgos, podemos reducirlos notablemente, disminuyendo la probabilidad de infracciones en el tratamiento de datos. No obstante, en el improbable caso de que se produzca una infracción, no solo trataremos de evaluar el incidente y mitigar sus efectos a tiempo, sino que también nos aseguraremos de comunicarle si dicha infracción afecta significativamente a sus datos personales.
Bloom Boom Casino puede incluir vínculos a redes de nuestros socios o a sitios web o apps de terceros. Si sigue un vínculo que le lleve a alguno de estos sitios web o apps, tenga presente que el tratamiento que hagan de sus datos es ajeno a nuestro control y será acorde con sus propias políticas de privacidad y términos y condiciones. Le recomendamos que compruebe dichas políticas y términos antes de aceptarlos y de enviar datos.
‍
Política de privacidad de la CCPA
Esta sección de nuestra Política de privacidad (“Sección de la CCPA”) está dirigida a los usuarios que residen en el estado de California y están sujetos al régimen de la CCPA (Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California), o que acceden a nuestra App desde dicho estado. En ella se explica cómo recopilamos sus datos personales y protegemos sus derechos conforme a lo dispuesto en la CCPA. Si usted no es residente en el estado de California, las disposiciones de esta sección no le afectan.
Los términos empleados en esta Sección de la CCPA de la Política de privacidad tienen el mismo significado que en el resto de nuestra Política de privacidad, o bien el significado que les otorga la CCPA.
¿Qué datos personales recopilamos?
Tal y como exige la CCPA, recopilamos sus datos personales con transparencia. ¿Qué quiere decir esto? Quiere decir que le informaremos en caso de que adquiramos, arrendemos, recopilemos, obtengamos, recibamos o accedamos de cualquier forma a cualquier tipo de datos que identifiquen, describan, guarden relación o puedan asociarse o ser razonablemente vinculados directa o indirectamente con usted o sus familiares.
La siguiente tabla describe las categorías de datos personales que recopilamos y la fuente de la que los obtenemos. Conforme a lo dispuesto en la CCPA, estas categorías de datos personales no incluyen información que sea de dominio público, es decir, a la que se pueda acceder legalmente en los registros de organismos públicos federales, estatales o locales.
Categoría de datos personales
Fuente
Datos de actividad en la App
(por ejemplo: apodo, identificador personal único, identificador online, dirección IP, ubicación del dispositivo o de la red WiFi)
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terceros; como, por ejemplo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Datos personales según la definición de la Sección 1798.80(e) del código civil de California (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e))
(por ejemplo: el nombre)
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram.
Datos comerciales
(por ejemplo: registros de bienes personales, productos o servicios comprados, adquiridos o tenidos en cuenta para cálculos, u otros historiales o tendencias de compras o consumo)
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram;
·       Terceros; como, por ejemplo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Datos de actividad en internet u otras redes electrónicas
(por ejemplo: historial de navegación, historial de búsquedas y datos sobre su interacción con nuestra App)
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terceros; como, por ejemplo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Datos de geolocalización
(por ejemplo: la dirección IP)
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terceros; como, por ejemplo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Datos electrónicos
(esta categoría incluye, por ejemplo: datos provenientes de su interacción con el dispositivo para participar en los juegos)
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terceros; como, por ejemplo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Conclusiones extraídas de los datos anteriores
Jugadores y consumidores que acceden a nuestra App y sus dispositivos;
Redes sociales; como, por ejemplo, Facebook e Instagram;
Terceros; como, por ejemplo, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
¿Por qué recopilamos sus datos personales?
Recopilamos los datos personales que usted nos facilita de conformidad con lo dispuesto en la CCPA y para las siguientes finalidades:
-        Crear su cuenta de jugador para que pueda disfrutar de los juegos en nuestra App.
-        Poner a su disposición nuestros juegos y servicios, según lo establecido en nuestros Términos y Condiciones Generales.
-        Mejorar y optimizar nuestros juegos y su experiencia de ocio en nuestra App.
-        Hacer posible que se comunique con otros jugadores.
-        Proteger la seguridad de nuestros juegos, nuestra App y nuestra empresa en general (por ejemplo, para realizar tareas de depuración, auditoría y testing).
-        Realizar tareas de investigación y desarrollo que incluyen, entre otras, el desarrollo, la mejora, la optimización y el perfeccionamiento de juegos y funcionalidades.
-        Proteger nuestros derechos y nuestra propiedad en lo que respecta a nuestros juegos, así como cumplir nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver disputas que puedan producirse con usted u otros jugadores y hacer efectivos nuestros acuerdos con terceros.
-        Prevenir fraudes y/o actividades potencialmente ilegales, y hacer efectivos nuestros Términos y Condiciones Generales.
-        Ofrecer servicios y asistencia a los jugadores, a fin de garantizar los más altos estándares de calidad de nuestros productos y dar respuesta a sus dudas y preguntas.
-        Ofrecerle actualizaciones y notificaciones integradas, nuevos juegos y ofertas promocionales que creamos pueden ser de su interés.
-        Gestionar y enviar publicidad y marketing personalizados (por ejemplo, para la captación de usuarios y para comunicaciones de marketing directo).
-        Organizar actividades o eventos promocionales patrocinados por nosotros o nuestros socios.
¿Por qué compartimos sus datos personales?
Recopilamos y tratamos sus datos personales del modo descrito en la sección “¿Cómo tratamos sus datos personales?”de la presente Política de privacidad. En este sentido, no vendemos ni hemos vendido en los últimos doce meses datos personales de residentes en California a terceros con fines comerciales.
¿Cuáles son sus derechos con respecto a los datos personales que nos facilita, en virtud de lo dispuesto en la CCPA?
La CCPA le reconoce una serie de derechos legales con respecto al acceso a los datos personales que recopilamos, a la supresión de dichos datos, a su oposición a la venta de su información personal y a no recibir un trato discriminatorio por ejercer los derechos que le otorga la CCPA, entre otros.
A continuación se describen sus derechos con respecto a los datos personales que usted nos facilita, que puede ejercer presentando una Solicitud Verificada a través de nuestra App o del Servicio de Atención al Cliente, dirigida a:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
. Puede consultar más información sobre cómo presentar esta solicitud más adelante, en la sección "¿Cómo tramito una Solicitud Verificada?”.
Derecho de acceso
Tiene derecho a solicitar que le proporcionemos información sobre los datos personales recopilados, utilizados y vendidos por nosotros actualmente y/o durante los últimos doce meses. Puede también solicitar que le facilitemos una copia en formato electrónico de:
Las categorías de datos personales que recopilamos y tramitamos.
Las categorías de fuentes de las que obtenemos sus datos personales.
El propósito empresarial o comercial que perseguimos con el tratamiento de sus datos personales.
Las categorías de terceros con quienes compartimos sus datos personales.
Tenga en cuenta que solo podemos facilitarle esta información si nos ha enviado una Solicitud Verificada, según se explica más adelante en la sección “¿Cómo tramito una Solicitud Verificada?”.
Derecho de supresión (Derecho al olvido)
Tiene derecho a solicitar que suprimamos los datos personales que hayamos reunido de usted o relativos a usted, si bien este derecho se halla sujeto a ciertas excepciones legales.
Una vez hayamos recibido y confirmado su Solicitud Verificada conforme a lo dispuesto más adelante en la sección“¿Cómo tramito una Solicitud Verificada?”, procederemos a suprimir sus datos personales y requeriremos a nuestros proveedores de servicio que hagan lo mismo, salvo que sea de aplicación una excepción legal.
Tenga en cuenta que solo podemos suprimir sus datos personales si nos ha enviado una Solicitud Verificada.
Derecho de oposición a la venta de sus datos personales
No vendemos actualmente, ni hemos vendido en los últimos doce meses parte o la totalidad de sus datos personales a terceros con fines comerciales. En caso de que esta afirmación deje de ser cierta en cualquier momento futuro, adaptaremos nuestra Política de privacidad y le informaremos de ello oportunamente, reconociéndole el derecho a oponerse a la venta de sus datos personales.
Derecho a no recibir un trato discriminatorio por ejercer los derechos que le otorga la CCPA
Creemos en la transparencia y en la claridad, como demuestra nuestro compromiso por garantizar que los derechos de los que es usted titular en virtud de la CCPA no solo le son otorgados en teoría, sino que se hacen efectivos en la práctica. Usted es libre para ejercer los derechos que le reconoce la CCPA, le exhortamos a que lo haga y haremos cuanto esté en nuestras manos por respetarlos. Puede estar seguro de que el ejercicio de sus derechos no afectará negativamente a su experiencia de ocio en Bloom Boom Casino. Tenga presente, no obstante, que una solicitud de supresión de datos conllevará el cierre de su cuenta.
Otros derechos
Usted tiene asimismo derecho a designar un representante autorizado que tramite solicitudes y ejerza en su nombre los derechos que le otorga la CCPA. Para estar autorizado a actuar en su nombre, su representante autorizado deberá presentar una Solicitud Verificada según se describe más adelante en la sección “¿Cómo tramito una Solicitud Verificada?” y hacernos llegar una autorización por escrito que demuestre su derecho a actuar en nombre de usted.
¿Cómo tramito una Solicitud Verificada?
Para poder ejercer sus derechos en virtud de lo dispuesto en la CCPA, deberá presentar una Solicitud Verificada, que puede enviarnos de dos maneras:
·
A través de la App de Bloom Boom Casino.
La App nos hará llegar automáticamente su ID de Jugador, lo que nos permitirá verificar su identidad. No olvide incluir el término “CCPA” en su solicitud para facilitarnos su tramitación.
·
Mediante correo electrónico
enviado a
support@BloomBoomcasino.com
.
Nuestros equipos y/o nuestro Responsable de Protección de  Datos tramitarán la solicitud con la debida diligencia. Al enviarnos una solicitud de este tipo, incluya en ella su ID de Jugador y la referencia “CCPA” para facilitarnos su tramitación.
Para poder tramitar su solicitud lo antes posible, tenga en consideración lo siguiente:
·       Es importante que aporte información suficiente para que podamos saber qué quiere que hagamos por usted. Si, por ejemplo, desea que suprimamos sus datos, o solicitar una copia de ellos, indíquenoslo.
·       Para poder tramitar una solicitud necesitaremos verificar su identidad. A este respecto, haremos lo posible por limitar la información personal adicional que tengamos que recopilar para tramitar su solicitud.
·       Podemos denegar una solicitud de ejercicio de los derechos que le otorga la CCPA, especialmente en caso de que nos sea imposible verificar su identidad, o si presenta la misma solicitud más de dos veces en un periodo de doce meses.
·       Tenemos derecho a cobrarle una cantidad razonable en caso de que sus solicitudes sean manifiestamente infundadas, exageradas o repetitivas.
Haremos todo cuanto esté en nuestras manos para responder a su solicitud tan rápido como sea posible, aunque puede ocurrir que otras obligaciones legales o derechos y procesos de terceros ralenticen su tramitación. Dependiendo de la naturaleza de la solicitud, recibirá nuestra respuesta en un plazo de 45 días, que podría ampliarse en otros 45 o 90 días debido a la complejidad o al volumen de solicitudes que gestionamos en determinados momentos.
Si actúa a través de un representante autorizado, este tendrá que enviar personalmente la solicitud, junto con una prueba de su autorización.
Información adicional importante
Bloom Boom Casino es una App dirigida a personas mayores de 18 años y únicamente para fines de ocio. No recopilamos intencionadamente datos personales de menores de edad. Los menores que no hayan cumplido 18 años no deben hacer uso de nuestra App en ningún momento. En caso de que llegue a nuestro conocimiento que un menor de edad ha facilitado información personal, adoptaremos las medidas apropiadas para eliminar dicha información tan pronto como sea posible.
Actualizaciones de nuestra Política de privacidad
La actual versión de nuestra Política de privacidad data del 01.01.2022. Estamos en constante proceso de crecimiento y de mejora de nuestras políticas y procesos, a fin de poder garantizar los más altos estándares de seguridad y protección de sus datos personales. Tenemos, asimismo, el compromiso de mantener nuestro modo de evolucionar y mejorar en línea con nuestros valores y principios, y le informaremos de cualquier cambio de nuestra Política de privacidad que le afecte directamente.
Póngase en contacto con nosotros:
Nosotros, Funstage GmbH, sociedad inscrita en el Registro Mercantil de Austria con número de registro 258215d, asumimos el rol de responsables del tratamiento de sus datos personales en la App de Bloom Boom Casino App. Es decir, somos la persona jurídica que determina por qué y cómo se tramitan sus datos personales para que usted pueda disfrutar plenamente de su experiencia de ocio en nuestra App.
Puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros mediante correo electrónico dirigido a
support@bloomboomcasino.com
o por correo postal, en la siguiente dirección: Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Viena, Austria. Si desea contactar directamente con nuestro Responsable de Protección de Datos para, entre otros asuntos, plantear solicitudes, preguntas o dudas relativas a nuestra Política de privacidad, diríjase por escrito a
dpo@greentube.com
.
Los ciudadanos británicos que hagan uso de nuestra App pueden también ponerse en contacto con nosotros a través de Greentube UK Limited, nuestro representante para cuestiones relativas al Reglamento General de Protección de Datos del Reino Unido, con sede en Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, Reino Unido, o bien enviando un correo electrónico a
dpo.uk@greentube.com
.
‍
Ihre Privatsphäre und der Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sind uns wichtig. Mit der vorliegenden Datenschutzerklärung wollen wir Ihnen erläutern, was mit den von Ihnen über die Bloom Boom Casino App (die „App“) an uns übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten geschieht, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir von Ihnen erbitten/erhalten, was wir damit tun und wie lange wir diese Daten aufbewahren.
Sofern Sie Ihren Wohnsitz im Bundesstaat Kalifornien haben, lesen Sie bitte den für Sie geltenden Abschnitt der vorliegenden Datenschutzerklärung unter der Überschrift „Datenschutzerklärung nach dem CCPA (Datenschutzgesetz des Bundesstaates Kalifornien, California Consumer Privacy Act)“.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung auch dann für Sie gilt, wenn Sie kein Konto im Bloom Boom Casino haben, jedoch die App als Gast nutzen oder uns über die App bzw. anderweitig kontaktieren wollen.
Was ist eine Datenverarbeitung?
Unsere Datenschutzerklärung basiert auf unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten. Was ist damit gemeint? Es bedeutet, dass wir die von Ihnen mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten erheben und diesbezüglich unterschiedliche Tätigkeiten ausführen, die Daten also beispielsweise erfassen, speichern, anpassen bzw. abändern, abrufen, hinzuziehen, verwenden, übertragen, einschränken, löschen oder vernichten.
Hierbei stellen wir sicher, dass wir alle gesetzlichen Anforderungen in Bezug auf den Datenschutz beachten, unter anderem die EU-Datenschutz-Grundverordnung („DSGVO“), das österreichische Datenschutzgesetz und – soweit anwendbar – den Datenschutzgesetz des Bundesstaates Kalifornien („CCPA“).
Welche personenbezogenen Daten werden von uns verarbeitet?
Damit wir unsere Dienste über die App anbieten können, müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten. Die Art der von uns erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten ist abhängig von Ihren Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste. Unter anderem werden die folgenden Daten erhoben:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Erstellung eines Kontos in unserer App bzw. im Zusammenhang mit Ihrem Konto mitteilen
, unter anderem:
·       Ihre E-Mail-Adresse
App-Aktivitätsdaten
, unter anderem:
·       Gerätedaten
·       Quell- und Zieldaten
·       Benutzername, Spieler-ID, Benutzername und Passwort des Kontos, Gaming-Transaktionen
·       Online-Zahlungsdaten
·       Daten die unserer Kundenbetreuung zur Bereitstellung und Optimierung unseres Supports mitgeteilt werden (unter anderem per E-Mail und telefonisch)
·       Bei Gastnutzern werden die vorstehend genannten Aktivitätsdaten anonym verarbeitet.
Daten werden von Dritten bereitgestellt
, die Ihre Daten erhalten, wenn Sie unsere Dienste aufrufen bzw. nutzen. Diese haben bereits unsere Erlaubnis erhalten, Ihre Daten an uns weiterzugeben, da wir von unseren Partnern verlangen, dass diese rechtlich befugt sind, Ihre Daten vor einer Übermittlung an uns zu erheben, zu verwenden und weiterzugeben. Hiervon umfasst sind beispielsweise soziale Medien und gegebenenfalls unterschiedliche mobile Anwendungen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie gesetzlich nicht verpflichtet sind, uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. Um jedoch ein Konto über unsere App zu registrieren, müssen Sie alle als Pflichtangabe gekennzeichneten Daten angeben. Ohne diese Daten können wir kein Vertragsverhältnis mit Ihnen schließen. Das bedeutet, dass Sie unsere Dienste nicht in Anspruch nehmen können.
Warum verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Hauptzweck für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ist die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste für Sie. Insbesondere müssen wir zur Erfüllung dieses Zweckes personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten, um
1.     die App für Sie funktionsfähig und nutzbar zu machen, einschließlich der Einrichtung und Nutzung Ihres Kontos.
2.     die Richtigkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu gewährleisten – hauptsächlich zu Ihrem eigenen Schutz, aber auch zum Zwecke der Altersverifizierung, Betrugsverhinderung, Reduzierung geschäftlicher Risiken und zum Schutz der Integrität unserer Spiele. Hierzu nutzen wir gegebenenfalls bis zu einem bestimmten Grad ein halbautomatisiertes Profiling, basierend auf Ihren Registrierungs- und Spielaktivitätsdaten.
3.     die allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen der App zu erfüllen.
4.     die rechtlichen Verpflichtungen des Unternehmens zu erfüllen.
5.     Online-Zahlungen mit externen Zahlungsdienstleistern und/oder Finanzinstituten abzuwickeln.
6.     Ihnen den bestmöglichen Kundensupport zu bieten.
7.     alle anwendbaren Gesetze und Vorschriften zu erfüllen, z. B. die Verbraucherschutz- und Finanzvorschriften.
8.     Ihre eigene Sicherheit sowie die öffentliche Sicherheit, Vertraulichkeit und Gefahrenabwehr zu gewährleisten, erforderlichenfalls unsere Rechtsansprüche, Vertraulichkeit, Sicherheit bzw. unser Vermögen zu schützen, durchzusetzen bzw. zu verteidigen sowie für Zwecke des betrieblichen Risikomanagements.
9.     die Sicherheit, Dienste und Features unserer App zu verbessern. Hiervon umfasst sind gegebenenfalls teilweise kundenspezifisch angepasste Dienste, Features und Empfehlungen, die Durchführung von Recherchen und Umfragen, die Einholung Ihres optionalen Feedbacks und die Bereitstellung interner Schulungen.
10.  potenzielle organisatorische betriebliche Veränderungen vorzunehmen und abzuschließen, wie z. B. Fusionen, Akquisitionen oder Übertragungen bzw. Veräußerungen von Vermögenswerten. Im Fall eines vollständigen bzw. teilweisen Verkaufs des Unternehmens bzw. Vermögens oder im Fall der Beteiligung an einer Fusion, Akquisition oder Übertragung, könnten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an die weiteren an den geschäftlichen Transaktionen beteiligten Parteien weitergeben bzw. übertragen. Sollte ein derartiger Fall eintreten, werden wir Sie rechtzeitig und zeitnah informieren.
11.  Ihnen – optional und nur mit Ihrer ausdrücklichen Einwilligung – individuelle sowie Ihren Interessen und Erwartungen entsprechende Werbemitteilungen und/oder Direktwerbungsmitteilungen per
E-Mail, Sofortmitteilung, Chats, SMS, telefonisch und/oder über soziale Medien zukommen zu lassen, die allgemein gehalten sind oder teilweise auf Ihren Glücksspielgewohnheiten basieren bzw. kundenspezifisch angepasst werden können.
Wir halten jedwede Datenverarbeitung so einfach und begrenzt wie möglich und verpflichten uns, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich für die oben genannten Zwecke zu verwenden. Im Fall einer Verarbeitung der Daten für andere Zwecke bzw. durch andere Parteien werden wir Sie unterrichten.
Auf welcher Rechtsgrundlage verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Die Rechtsgrundlage, auf der wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, ist in hohem Maße abhängig vom Zweck der Verarbeitungstätigkeit und kann sich je nach dem von Ihnen genutzten Dienst unterscheiden.
Im Allgemeinen verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf den folgenden Rechtsgrundlagen:
1.
Erfüllung unserer Ihnen geschuldeten vertraglichen Pflichten
. Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Erfüllung unserer Pflichten gemäß den allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen unserer App, da die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten für die Ausführung unserer App erforderlich ist. Andernfalls wären wir nicht in der Lage, unsere Dienste bereitzustellen und Sie könnten das Unterhaltungserlebnis in unserer App nicht genießen.
2.
Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in dem Umfang, wie dies zur Erfüllung aller anwendbaren nationalen und internationalen Gesetze und Vorschriften erforderlich ist, unter anderem in Bezug auf den Verbraucherschutz, finanzielle Verpflichtungen und den Datenschutz.
3.
Unsere berechtigten Interessen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen, unter anderem des betrieblichen Risikomanagements und des Schutzes der Integrität unserer Produkte. Bei einer Datenverarbeitung auf der Grundlage berechtigter Interessen verpflichten wir uns, alle geeigneten Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu implementieren und ein ausgewogenes Verhältnis zwischen unseren Interessen und Ihren Rechten dergestalt zu gewährleisten, dass Ihre Daten nur innerhalb des unbedingt erforderlichen Rahmens verarbeitet werden.
4.
Ihre Einwilligung.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur, wenn uns für bestimmte zustimmungspflichtige Verarbeitungstätigkeiten Ihre Einwilligung vorliegt. Ohne Ihre Einwilligung sind wir verpflichtet, die weitere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf dieser bestimmten Rechtsgrundlage einzustellen. Dies berührt jedoch nicht die Rechtmäßigkeit der auf der Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung bis zu deren Widerruf erfolgten Verarbeitung. Ohne Ihre Einwilligung werden wir weder allgemeine noch individuelle Angebote und Werbemitteilungen übermitteln.
Wie verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten durch teilweise bzw. vollständig automatisierte elektronische Mittel und schützen sie durch adäquate und nach den höchsten internationalen Datensicherheitsnormen eingerichtete und aufrecht erhaltene Sicherheitsmaßnahmen. Tätigkeiten, die gegebenenfalls bedeutsame Rechtswirkung entfalten, wie z. B. auf einem Profiling basierende Entscheidungen, beinhalten stets ein menschliches Eingreifen bzw. eine abschließende Entscheidung.
Geben wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter?
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann an Dritte weiter, wenn dies zur Erbringung der Ihnen geschuldeten Leistungen erforderlich ist, Sie uns Ihre Einwilligung zur Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten erteilt haben oder wir aus rechtlichen Gründen, durch Gerichtsbeschluss oder auf Aufforderung einer anderen staatlichen Behörde hierzu verpflichtet sind.
Mit anderen Worten: Die Daten können innerhalb dieser Grenzen an folgende Personen/Unternehmen weitergegeben werden:
·       Unsere Mitarbeiter und/oder Kooperationspartner, die für die Verarbeitung und sichere Verwahrung der Daten verantwortlich sind und im Rahmen ihres Beschäftigungs- bzw. Kooperationsverhältnisses mit uns an eine Geheimhaltungspflicht sowie adäquate Standards in Bezug auf den Datenschutz und die Geheimhaltung gebunden sind
·       Unsere Muttergesellschaft, unsere Schwestergesellschaften sowie an weitere Fremddienstleister, die uns in der Erbringung unserer Dienste gemäß unseren allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen unterstützen, wie z. B. unter anderem Zahlungsdienstleister, Marketingdienstleister und Rechtsdienstleister.
Der Zugang Dritter zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten ist auf die Informationen beschränkt, die für die Ausführung ihrer Aufgaben in unserem Auftrag bzw. nach dem Gesetz unbedingt erforderlich sind. Die Weitergabe der Daten erfolgt vertraulich sowie im Rahmen ausreichender Sicherheitsvorkehrungen im Hinblick auf die rechtmäßige und sichere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch unsere Partner.
Werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ins Ausland übermittelt?
Eine Datenübermittlung erfolgt uneingeschränkt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraumes („EWR“). Wir übermitteln Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht an Länder außerhalb des EWR, soweit nicht geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zum Schutz der Daten eingerichtet wurden, die den hohen Datenschutzanforderungen der DSGVO entsprechen.
Unter Berücksichtigung einiger der höchsten Datenschutzstandards weltweit erkennt die Europäische Union – durch die Europäische Kommission – für bestimmte Staaten außerhalb des EWR ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau an. Auch wir erachten die betreffenden Länder als sicher für eine Datenübermittlung in begründeten Fällen.
Bei Datenübermittlungen in Länder, deren Datenschutzmaßnahmen von der Europäischen Kommission nicht für ausreichend erachtet werden, verpflichten wir uns selbst, übereinstimmend mit den Datenschutzvorschriften geeignete Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zum Schutz der Daten zu implementieren, indem wir unsere Vertragsverhältnisse mit unseren Partnern so gestalten, dass sie für die von uns übermittelten Daten ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau garantieren.
Unter diesen Bedingungen werden die von Ihnen übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten zur Erbringung einiger App-Dienste gegebenenfalls wie folgt außerhalb des EWR verarbeitet:
·       Einige Daten werden gegebenenfalls in den USA verarbeitet, abhängig von dem von Ihnen gewählten Zahlungsdienstleister und dessen ausgeführten Tätigkeiten. Weitere Informationen zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Zahlungsdienstleister finden Sie in deren jeweiligen Datenschutzerklärungen.
·       Einige Daten werden gegebenenfalls für Werbezwecke in den USA verarbeitet. Weitere Informationen zur diesbezüglichen Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie hier.
·       Einige Daten werden aufgrund unser Nutzung von Google Analytics gegebenenfalls in den USA verarbeitet. Weitere Informationen zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Google Analytics finden Sie in der entsprechenden Datenschutzerklärung.
Wie lange bewahren wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf?
Wir bemühen uns, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht länger aufzubewahren, als dies für die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Pflichten gegenüber Ihnen bzw. aus berechtigten betrieblichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Der Zeitraum, in dem wir Ihre Daten speichern bzw. verwenden, ist abhängig von verschiedenen Aspekten wie der Art der Daten, der Gründe ihrer Erhebung und Verarbeitung sowie den maßgeblichen gesetzlichen bzw. betrieblichen Aufbewahrungsfristen.
Soweit das Gesetz nichts anderes verlangt bzw. zulässt oder wir hinreichende Gründe haben, von einem abweichenden Zeitraum auszugehen, gelten die folgenden Fristen:
·       Daten, die für Zwecke im Zusammenhang mit der Bereitstellung der App-Dienste sowie der Dienstleistungen, die wir gemäß unseren allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (Ziffern 1 bis 10 im Abschnitt „Warum verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten“ der vorliegenden Datenschutzerklärung) verpflichtend zu erbringen haben, erhoben werden, werden solange gespeichert, wie wir unsere Dienstleistungen Ihnen gegenüber erbringen. Darüber hinaus werden diese Daten nach Beendigung unserer Dienste entsprechend den gesondert gesetzlich verlangten bzw. zulässigen Aufbewahrungsfristen aufbewahrt.
·       Daten, die für Werbezwecke erhoben werden (Ziffer 9 im Abschnitt „Warum verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten“ der vorliegenden Datenschutzerklärung) werden für die Dauer der Bereitstellung der App-Dienste und der gemäß unseren Geschäftsbedingungen von uns gegenüber Ihnen zu erbringenden Leistungen gespeichert und verwendet.
Welche Rechte stehen Ihnen in Bezug auf die uns mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten zu?
Nach dem Gesetz stehen Ihnen verschiedene Rechte zu, unter anderem ein Auskunftsrecht, ein Recht auf Berichtigung, Löschung, Einschränkung der Verarbeitung, ein Widerspruchsrecht sowie ein Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit. Darüber hinaus können Sie die von Ihnen erteilte Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung jederzeit widerrufen und eine Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde einreichen.
Die Ihnen in Bezug auf die uns mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten zustehenden Rechte sind nachfolgend im Einzelnen aufgeführt und können über unseren Kundenservice unter
support@bloomboomcasino.com
ausgeübt werden.
Auskunftsrecht
Sie können verständliche und transparente Informationen zu den Sie betreffenden und von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten sowie zu der Art und Weise der diesbezüglichen Verarbeitung, einschließlich einer Kopie der von uns gespeicherten Daten verlangen. Einige dieser Informationen stehen bereits in Ihrem Konto zur Verfügung.
Recht auf Berichtigung
Wir bemühen uns, dafür zu sorgen, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zutreffend und aktuell sind. Sie haben das Recht, die Berichtigung Sie betreffender unrichtiger personenbezogener Daten und/oder die Vervollständigung etwaiger unvollständiger personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen.
Recht auf Löschung
Auf Ihren Antrag werden wir die Sie betreffenden und von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten löschen. Bitte beachten Sie jedoch, dass dies zur Beendigung der Ihnen bereitgestellten Dienste führen kann, d. h., dass Sie nicht länger in der Lage sind, das Unterhaltungserlebnis in unserer App zu genießen.
Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
In bestimmten Fällen sowie bei Vorliegen entsprechender Gründe können Sie von uns die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten verlangen. Hierdurch wären wir dauerhaft bzw. vorübergehend in unserer Möglichkeit einer Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten beschränkt, ohne diese löschen zu müssen. Bitte beachten Sie jedoch, dass wir in derartigen Fällen gegebenenfalls nicht in der Lage sind, die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste vollumfänglich fortzusetzen.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
Auf Ihren Antrag werden wir Ihnen eine elektronische Kopie der personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns bei Ihrer Registrierung mitgeteilt haben, zur Verfügung stellen. Soweit dies technisch machbar ist, können wir die betreffende Kopie an einen anderen Dienstleister übermitteln.
Widerspruchsrecht
Unter bestimmten Umständen, beispielsweise dann, wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktwerbungs- und Profilingzwecke verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verarbeitung jederzeit zu widersprechen. Mit anderen Worten: Soweit die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihrer Einwilligung beruht, können Sie die uns erteilte Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Ihre Zustimmungen können Sie in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen unserer App entsprechend anpassen.
Beschwerderecht
Sie haben das Recht, eine offizielle Beschwerde bei der für den Datenschutz zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde Ihres Landes bzw. der Datenschutzbehörde in Österreich einzureichen.
Für britische Staatsbürger ist die für den Datenschutz zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde das Information Commissioner’s Office, dessen Kontaktdaten Sie hier finden.
Wie können Sie Ihre Rechte in Bezug auf die uns mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten ausüben?
Alle Ihnen in Bezug auf die uns mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten zustehenden Rechte – mit Ausnahme des Rechts, eine Beschwerde einzureichen – können normalerweise kostenfrei durch schriftlichen Antrag an
support@bloomboomcasino.com
ausgeübt werden.
Wir bemühen uns nach Kräften, Ihre Anfragen schnellstmöglich zu beantworten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass andere rechtliche Verpflichtungen oder die Rechte und Abläufe Dritter das Verfahren verlangsamen. Abhängig von der Art Ihres Antrages erhalten Sie innerhalb eines Monats eine Antwort von uns. Diese Frist kann je nach Komplexität oder Anzahl der von uns jeweils zu bearbeitenden Anträge um weitere zwei Monate verlängert werden.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir aus rechtfertigenden Gründen berechtigt sind, Ihren Antrag abzulehnen oder im Fall häufig wiederholter, unbegründeter oder exzessiver Anträge ein angemessenes Entgelt zu verlangen.
Sind Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei uns sicher?
Wir nehmen Sicherheit sehr ernst und verpflichten uns zur Einhaltung der höchsten Standards zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten. Wir bemühen uns, unsere Leitlinien und Prozesse übereinstimmend mit den zuverlässigsten internationalen Anforderungen an die Datensicherheit zu implementieren und zu pflegen und gewährleisten deren Einhaltung durch alle unsere Mitarbeiter und Kooperationspartner, um eine unbefugte bzw. unrechtmäßige Verarbeitung, einen unbeabsichtigten Verlust sowie eine unbeabsichtigte Vernichtung und Beschädigung zu verhindern. Hierbei können wir nicht alle Risiken beseitigen, diese jedoch erheblich begrenzen und damit die Wahrscheinlichkeit von Datenschutzverletzungen reduzieren. Gleichwohl bemühen wir uns im unwahrscheinlichen Fall einer Datenschutzverletzung nicht nur um eine zeitnahe Untersuchung des Vorfalls und Minderung der Auswirkungen, sondern stellen auch sicher, dass wir Sie informieren, sofern Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von der Datenschutzverletzung in bedeutsamem Umfang betroffen sind.
Bloom Boom Casino enthält gegebenenfalls Links zu Partnernetzwerken oder Webseiten/Apps Dritter. Wenn Sie einem Link auf eine dieser Webseiten/Apps folgen, beachten Sie bitte, dass eine diesbezügliche Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten außerhalb unseres Einflussbereiches liegt und die entsprechenden eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Bedingungen des jeweiligen Anbieters gelten. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die betreffenden Erklärungen und Bedingungen vor einer Annahme und Mitteilung etwaiger Daten an die betreffenden Anbieter zu lesen.
‍
Datenschutzerklärung nach dem
Datenschutzgesetz des Bundesstaates Kalifornien
(CCPA California Consumer Privacy Act – )
Dieser Abschnitt unserer Datenschutzerklärung (der „CCPA-Abschnitt“) richtet sich an Nutzer, die ihren Wohnsitz im vom CCPA umfassten Bundesstaat Kalifornien haben oder anderweitig aus dem Bundesstaat Kalifornien auf unsere App zugreifen. Im vorliegenden CCPA-Abschnitt erläutern wir Ihnen, auf welche Weise wir übereinstimmend mit dem CCPA Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben und Ihre Rechte schützen. Sofern Sie Ihren Wohnsitz nicht im Bundesstaat Kalifornien unterhalten, ist der folgende CCPA-Abschnitt für Sie nicht maßgeblich.
Die im CCPA-Abschnitt der Datenschutzerklärung verwendeten Begriffe haben dieselbe Bedeutung wie im restlichen Teil unserer Datenschutzerklärung bzw. in den Begriffsbestimmungen des CCPA.
Welche personenbezogenen Daten werden von uns erhoben?
Wie vom CCPA gefordert, sorgen wir hinsichtlich der Erhebung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für Transparenz. Was ist damit gemeint? Es bedeutet, dass wir Sie jedes Mal informieren, wenn wir Daten irgendeiner Art, die Sie identifizieren, sich auf Sie beziehen, Ihre Person beschreiben, Ihnen zugeordnet werden können oder nach vernünftigem Ermessen direkt oder indirekt mit Ihnen bzw. Ihrem Haushalt in Verbindung gebracht werden können, in irgendeiner Weise kaufen, leihen, sammeln, einholen, erhalten oder abrufen.
Die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben sowie die Quelle, aus denen wir diese personenbezogenen Daten beziehen, sind in der nachstehenden Tabelle aufgeführt. Übereinstimmend mit dem CCPA umfassen diese Kategorien personenbezogener Daten keine öffentlich verfügbaren Daten, also keine Daten, die rechtmäßig von staatlichen, bundesstaatlichen oder lokalen Behörden zur Verfügung gestellt werden.
Kategorie personenbezogener Daten
Quelle
App-Aktivitätsdaten
(z. B.: Pseudonym, eindeutige persönliche Kennung, Online-Kennung, IP-Adresse, Geräte- bzw. WiFi-Standort)
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
Drittanbieter, unter anderem Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush
Personenbezogene Daten gemäß der Definition im Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch des Bundesstaates Kalifornien (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e))
(z. B.: Name)
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
Wirtschaftsdaten
(z. B.: Daten zu Vermögensverhältnissen, gekauften Produkten oder bezogenen Dienstleistungen – tatsächlich erworben oder in Betracht gezogen – oder anderweitige Bestell- bzw. Kaufhistorien bzw. entsprechende Tendenzen)
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
·       Drittanbieter, unter anderem Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove
Aktivitätsdaten aus dem Internet bzw. anderen elektronischen Netzwerken
(z. B.: Browserhistorie, Suchhistorie und Daten über Ihre Interaktion mit unserer App)
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
Drittanbieter, unter anderem Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove
Geolokationsdaten
(z. B.: IP-Adresse)
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
Drittanbieter, unter anderem Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush
Elektronische Daten
(z. B.: Diese Kategorie umfasst unter anderem Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit dem Gerät, um das Spiel zu spielen)
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
Drittanbieter, unter anderem Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove
Aus vorstehenden Daten gezogene Inferenzen
Unsere Spieler und Käufer, die unsere App aufrufen sowie deren Geräte
Soziale Netzwerke, unter anderem Facebook und Instagram
Drittanbieter, unter anderem Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove
Warum erheben wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben die uns mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten übereinstimmend mit dem CCPA sowie aus den folgenden Gründen:
-        Zur Erstellung Ihres Spielerkontos und um Ihnen den Genuss der Spiele in unserer App zu ermöglichen
-        Zur Bereitstellung unserer Spiele und Dienste gemäß unseren Geschäftsbedingungen
-        Zur Verbesserung und Optimierung unserer Spiele und Ihres Unterhaltungserlebnisses in unserer App
-        Um Ihnen die Kommunikation mit anderen Spielern zu ermöglichen
-        Zum Schutz der Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit unserer Spiele, App und dem Unternehmen insgesamt (beispielsweise zur Fehlerbehebung, Auditierung und zu Testzwecken)
-        Zu Forschungs- und Entwicklungszwecken, einschließlich der Entwicklung, Verbesserung, Optimierung und Weiterentwicklung von Spielen und Features
-        Zum Schutz unserer Rechte und Vermögenswerte im Zusammenhang mit unseren Spielen sowie zur Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen, zur Beilegung etwaiger Streitigkeiten mit Ihnen oder anderen Spielern sowie zur Durchsetzung unserer Verträge mit Dritten
-        Zur Verhinderung von Betrug bzw. potenziell rechtswidrigen Aktivitäten sowie zur Durchsetzung unserer Geschäftsbedingungen
-        Für Dienst- und Supportleistungen gegenüber unseren Spielern, um einen hohen Qualitätsstandard unserer Produkte zu gewährleisten und Ihre Anfragen zu klären
-        Um Ihnen In-Game-Updates und Mitteilungen, neue Spiele und Aktionsangebote, die gegebenenfalls von Interesse für Sie sind, bereitzustellen
-        Um kundenspezifisch angepasste Werbe- und Marketingmaßnahmen zu steuern und umzusetzen (z. B. für die Nutzerakquise und Direktwerbungskommunikation)
-        Zur Organisation von Aktionsmaßnahmen bzw. Veranstaltungen, die von uns bzw. unseren Partnern gesponsert werden
Geben wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter?
Die Erhebung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten erfolgt übereinstimmend mit dem Abschnitt „Auf welche Weise verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten“ in der vorliegenden Datenschutzerklärung. Weder werden personenbezogene Daten kalifornischer Bürger für kommerzielle Zwecke verkauft noch war dies in den vergangenen zwölf Monaten der Fall.
Welche Rechte stehen Ihnen nach dem CCPA in Bezug auf die von Ihnen mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten zu?
Nach dem CCPA stehen Ihnen unter anderem in Bezug auf die Erteilung von Auskünften über die von uns erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten, die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, Ihr Widerspruchsrecht hinsichtlich des Verkaufs Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sowie in Bezug auf eine diskriminierungsfreie Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem CCPA gesetzliche Rechte zu.
Die Ihnen in Bezug auf die von Ihnen mitgeteilten personenbezogenen Daten zustehenden Rechte sind nachstehend im Einzelnen aufgeführt und können durch verifizierten Antrag über unsere App bzw. unseren Kundenservice unter
support@bloomboomcasino.com
ausgeübt werden. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Sie einen entsprechenden Antrag stellen, finden Sie unter der nachstehenden Überschrift „Wie stelle ich einen verifizierten Antrag?“
Recht auf Information
Sie haben das Recht, von uns Informationen über die personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen, die wir erheben, verwenden, weitergeben und verkaufen bzw. während der vergangenen zwölf Monate erhoben, verwendet, weitergegeben und verkauft haben. Darüber hinaus können Sie von uns eine elektronische Kopie folgender Informationen verlangen:
Die Kategorien der von uns erhobenen und verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten
Die Kategorien der Quellen, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bezogen haben
Unseren geschäftlichen bzw. wirtschaftlichen Zweck für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
Die Kategorien dritter Empfänger, an die wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihnen diese Informationen nur dann mitteilen können, wenn Sie uns einen verifizierten Antrag gemäß den Erläuterungen im nachstehenden Abschnitt „Wie stelle ich einen verifizierten Antrag?“ zukommen lassen.
Recht auf Löschung (Recht auf „Vergessenwerden“)
Sie haben das Recht – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Ausnahmen – von uns die Löschung der bei Ihnen bzw. über Sie erhobenen bezogenen Daten zu verlangen.
Sobald wir Ihren verifizierten Antrag gemäß dem nachstehenden Abschnitt „Wie stelle ich einen verifizierten Antrag?“ erhalten und bestätigt haben, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten löschen und unsere Dienstleister ebenfalls zur Löschung auffordern, soweit nicht eine rechtlich zulässige Ausnahme zur Anwendung gelangt.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann löschen können, wenn Sie uns einen verifizierten Antrag zukommen lassen.
Widerspruchsrecht hinsichtlich des Verkaufs Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden von uns weder aktuell an Dritte für kommerzielle Zwecke verkauft, noch ist ein solcher Verkauf in den vergangenen zwölf Monaten erfolgt. Sollte sich dies zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der Zukunft ändern, werden wir unsere Datenschutzerklärung anpassen und Sie entsprechend informieren und Ihnen ferner das Recht einräumen, einem derartigen Verkauf Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen.
Recht auf diskriminierungsfreie Ausübung der Ihnen nach dem CCPA zustehenden Rechte
Wir glauben an Transparenz und Fairness und verpflichten uns, dafür Sorge zu tragen, dass die Ihnen nach dem CCPA zustehenden Rechte nicht nur theoretisch eingeräumt, sondern auch durchgesetzt werden. Wir stellen Ihnen frei und ermutigen Sie, jedwede Ihnen nach dem CCPA zustehenden Rechte auszuüben und bemühen uns nach Kräften, Ihrem Antrag zu entsprechen. Wir versichern Ihnen, dass die Ausübung Ihrer Rechte Ihr Unterhaltungserlebnis im Bloom Boom Casino nicht negativ beeinflusst. Bitte beachten Sie jedoch, dass sein Antrag auf Löschung zur Schließung Ihres Kontos führt.
Weitere Rechte
Sie haben ferner das Recht, einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter für die Antragstellung und Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem CCPA in Ihrem Namen zu benennen. Um in Ihrem Namen tätig werden zu können, muss Ihr bevollmächtigter Vertreter einen verifizierten Antrag gemäß den Erläuterungen im nachstehenden Abschnitt „Wie stelle ich einen verifizierten Antrag?“ stellen und uns eine schriftliche Erlaubnis zum Nachweis der Bevollmächtigung durch Sie vorlegen.
Wie stelle ich einen verifizierten Antrag?
Um Ihre Rechte nach dem CCPA auszuüben, müssen Sie einen verifizierten Antrag einreichen. Hierfür gibt es zwei Möglichkeiten:
·
Über die Bloom Boom Casino App.
Hierbei erhalten wir automatisch Ihre Spieler-ID, die es uns erlaubt, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren. Bitte geben Sie den Hinweis „CCPA“ in Ihrem Antrag an, damit wir Ihren Antrag leichter zuordnen können.
·
Per E-Mail an
support@BloomBoomcasino.com
.
Unsere Teams bzw. unser Datenschutzbeauftragter sind verpflichtet, jeden Antrag mit angemessener Sorgfalt zu prüfen. Geben Sie bitte in Ihrem Antrag Ihre Spieler-ID und den Hinweis „CCPA“ an, damit wir Ihren Antrag leichter zuordnen können.
Damit wir Ihren Antrag schnellstmöglich bearbeiten können, beachten Sie bitte die folgenden Hinweise:
·       Es ist wichtig, dass Sie ausreichende Informationen angeben, damit wir verstehen, wie wir Ihnen helfen können. Sofern Sie beispielsweise eine Löschung Ihrer Daten wünschen, teilen Sie uns dies bitte mit. Wenn Sie eine Kopie Ihrer Daten wünschen, geben Sie dies bitte ausdrücklich an.
·       Gegebenenfalls müssen wir Ihre Identität verifizieren, bevor wir Ihren Antrag bearbeiten können. Wir werden uns bemühen, die zusätzlichen personenbezogenen Daten, die wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrages abfragen, zu begrenzen.
·       Gegebenenfalls müssen wir einen Antrag auf Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem CCPA zurückweisen, insbesondere dann, wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren oder wenn Sie einen derartigen Antrag öfter als zweimal innerhalb von zwölf Monaten stellen.
·       Wir sind berechtigt, ein angemessenes Entgelt zu erheben, sofern Ihre Anträge nachweislich unbegründet sind bzw. exzessiv oder wiederholt gestellt werden.
Wir werden uns nach Kräften bemühen, Ihren Antrag schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Es kann jedoch vorkommen, dass andere rechtliche Verpflichtungen oder die Rechte und Abläufe Dritter das Verfahren verlangsamen. Abhängig von der Art Ihrer Anfrage erhalten Sie innerhalb einer Frist von 45 Tagen eine Antwort von uns. Diese Frist kann je nach Komplexität bzw. der Anzahl der jeweils von uns zu bearbeitenden Anträge um weitere 45 bzw. 90 Tage verlängert werden.
Sofern Sie einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter beauftragen, muss dieser persönlich einen Antrag stellen, zusammen mit einem Nachweis seiner Bevollmächtigung.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Bloom Boom Casino richtet sich allein zu Unterhaltungszwecken an Personen, die mindestens 18 Jahre alt sind. Wir erheben wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern unter 18 Jahren. Kinder unter 18 Jahren dürfen unsere App zu keinem Zeitpunkt nutzen. Sofern wir Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass eine Person unter 18 Jahren personenbezogene Daten angegeben hat, werden wir angemessene Maßnahmen treffen, um die betreffenden Daten schnellstmöglich zu löschen.
Werden wir unsere Datenschutzerklärung aktualisieren?
Die aktuelle Fassung unserer Datenschutzerklärung datiert auf den 01.01.2022. Unsere Leitlinien und Prozesse werden laufend ergänzt und optimiert, um die höchsten Standards in Bezug auf den Schutz und die Sicherheit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu garantieren. Wir verpflichten uns zur kontinuierlichen Weiterentwicklung und Verbesserung im Einklang mit unseren Werten und Grundsätzen und werden Sie über jedwede Änderungen unserer Datenschutzerklärung unterrichten, von denen Sie unmittelbar betroffen sind.
Kontaktieren Sie uns:
Wir, die Funstage GmbH, eingetragen in Österreich unter der Nummer 258215d, sind Verantwortlicher für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten über die Bloom Boom Casino App. Mit anderen Worten: Wir sind der Rechtsträger, der bestimmt, warum und auf welche Weise Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet werden, damit Sie das volle Unterhaltungserlebnis in unserer App genießen können.
Sie können mit uns per E-Mail unter
support@bloomboomcasino.com
oder per Post an Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Wien, Österreich Kontakt aufnehmen. Sofern Sie unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten – unter anderem bei Anträgen, Fragen oder Bedenken zu unserer Datenschutzerklärung – direkt kontaktieren wollen, so wenden Sie sich bitte schriftlich an
dpo@greentube.com
.
Britische Staatsbürger, die unsere App nutzen, können uns darüber hinaus über unseren DSGVO-Beauftragten im Vereinigten Königreich, Greentube UK Limited, unter der Anschrift Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, United Kingdom, oder per E-Mail unter
dpo.uk@greentube.com
kontaktieren.
‍
La confidentialité et la sécurité de vos données à caractère personnel sont importantes pour nous. La présente Politique de confidentialité décrit la manière dont nous traitons les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez dans l’application Bloom Boom Casino (« l’Application ») et vous aide à comprendre quelles données à caractère personnel nous demandons et/ou obtenons de vous, pourquoi nous les demandons et/ou les obtenons, ce que nous en faisons et pendant combien de temps nous les conservons.
Si vous êtes un résident de l'État de Californie, veuillez consulter notre section sur la Politique de confidentialité  (Loi sur la protection des données personnelles du consommateur en Californie -
California Consumer Privacy Act
) qui vous concerne dans la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Veuillez noter que la présente Politique de confidentialité vous concerne même si vous n'avez pas de compte sur Bloom Boom Casino, mais utilisez l'Application en tant qu'invité ou choisissez de nous contacter par le biais de l'Application ou de tout autre moyen de contact.
Qu'est-ce que le traitement des données ?
Notre Politique de confidentialité s'articule autour du fait que nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel. Qu'est-ce que cela signifie ? Cela signifie que nous collectons les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez et que nous effectuons diverses opérations à leur égard, telles que l'enregistrement, l'organisation, la conservation, l'adaptation ou la modification, la récupération, la consultation, l'utilisation, la transmission, la restriction, l'effacement ou la destruction des données.
À cet égard, nous veillons à respecter toutes les exigences légales en matière de protection des données, y compris, mais à titre non exhaustif, le règlement général sur la protection des données de l’UE (« RGPD »), la loi autrichienne sur la protection des données et, le cas échéant, la loi de 2018 sur la protection des données personnelles du consommateur en Californie (« CCPA » -
California Consumer Privacy Act
).
Quelles sont les données à caractère personnel que nous traitons ?
Pour fournir nos services par le biais de l'Application, nous devons traiter vos données à caractère personnel. Les types de données à caractère personnel que nous collectons dépendent de vos activités et de la manière dont vous utilisez nos services. Les données que nous traitons sont  :
Les
données que vous fournissez lors de la création d'un compte dans notre Application ou en relation avec le compte
, ce qui inclut, sans s'y limiter :
·       L’adresse e-mail ;
Les données relatives à l'activité de l'Application
, qui comprennent, sans s'y limiter, les données suivantes :
·       Informations sur le dispositif ;
·       Données d'origine et de destination ;
·       Nom d'utilisateur, identifiant (ID) du joueur, nom d'utilisateur et mot de passe du compte, transactions de jeu ;
·       Données sur les paiements en ligne ;
·       Données divulguées à notre Service Clientèle afin que nous puissions fournir et améliorer notre assistance (notamment par le biais de courriers électroniques et d'appels téléphoniques) ;
·       Les données d'activité ci-dessus correspondant aux utilisateurs invités sont traitées de manière anonyme.
Les données qui sont fournies par des tiers
qui reçoivent vos données lorsque vous visitez ou utilisez leurs services, lorsque ces tiers disposent déjà de votre autorisation pour partager vos données avec nous, étant donné que nous exigeons de nos partenaires qu'ils disposent des droits légaux nécessaires pour collecter, utiliser et partager vos données avant de nous les fournir. Nous incluons ici, par exemple, les médias sociaux et, le cas échéant, les différentes applications mobiles.
Veuillez noter que vous n'êtes pas légalement tenu de mettre vos données à caractère personnel à notre disposition. Néanmoins, afin de pouvoir créer un compte par le biais de notre Application, vous devez fournir toutes les informations marquées comme obligatoires. Sans ces informations, nous ne sommes pas en mesure d'établir une relation contractuelle avec vous, ce qui signifie que vous ne pouvez pas bénéficier de nos services.
Pourquoi traitons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ?
La finalité principale du traitement de vos données à caractère personnel est de vous fournir nos services. Plus précisément, pour atteindre cette finalité, nous devons traiter les données à caractère personnel afin de :
1.     Faire en sorte que notre Application soit fonctionnelle et utile pour vous, y compris la configuration et l'utilisation de votre compte.
2.     Garantir que vos données à caractère personnel soient exactes, essentiellement pour votre propre protection, mais aussi à des fins de vérification de l'âge, de prévention de la fraude et de la tricherie, de réduction des risques commerciaux et de protection de l'intégrité de nos jeux. Pour ce faire, un certain degré de profilage semi-automatique pourrait être utilisé, sur la base de vos données d'enregistrement et d'activité de jeu.
3.     Respecter les Conditions générales de l’Application.
4.     Respecter les obligations légales de l'entreprise.
5.     Traiter les paiements en ligne avec des prestataires de services de paiement tiers et/ou des institutions financières.
6.     Vous fournir le meilleur service d’assistance à la clientèle.
7.     Respecter toutes les lois et obligations réglementaires applicables, telles que la protection des consommateurs et les réglementations financières.
8.     Protéger votre sécurité et la sécurité publique, votre vie privée et votre confidentialité, ainsi que, si nécessaire, protéger, faire respecter ou défendre nos droits légaux, notre confidentialité, notre sécurité ou nos biens, ou à des fins de gestion des risques de l’entreprise.
9.     Améliorer la sécurité, les services et les fonctionnalités de notre Application. Il peut s'agir de fournir des services, des fonctionnalités et des recommandations partiellement personnalisés, d'effectuer des recherches et des enquêtes, de solliciter votre feed-back facultatif et de dispenser des formations internes.
10.  Effectuer et mener à bien tout changement organisationnel potentiel, tel que les fusions, les acquisitions, les transferts ou la vente d'actifs. En cas de vente de la totalité ou d’une partie de l'entreprise ou des actifs, ou si nous sommes impliqués dans une fusion, une acquisition ou un transfert, nous pourrions divulguer et transférer vos données à caractère personnel aux autres parties impliquées dans les transactions commerciales. Si de telles circonstances se présentent, vous en serez dûment informé en temps opportun.
11.  De manière facultative, et uniquement avec votre consentement spécifique : transmettre des communications marketing personnalisées correspondant à vos intérêts et à vos attentes, et/ou des communications marketing directes de nature générique ou partiellement basées sur votre parcours de jeu, et/ou pouvant être personnalisées, par : courrier électronique, messages instantanés, chats, SMS, téléphone et/ou médias sociaux.
Nous veillons à ce que le traitement des données soit aussi simple et limité que possible, et nous nous engageons à ne pas utiliser vos données à caractère personnel à d'autres fins que celles qui sont spécifiées ci-dessus. Si les données sont traitées à d'autres fins et/ou par d'autres parties, vous en serez informé.
Sur quelles bases juridiques traitons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ?
Notre base juridique pour le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel dépend fortement de la finalité de l'activité de traitement, et peut varier en fonction du service que vous utilisez.
En général, nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel sur la base des motifs juridiques suivants :
1.
Remplir nos obligations contractuelles envers vous
. Nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel pour remplir nos obligations telles qu’elles sont décrites dans les Conditions générales de notre Application, étant donné que le traitement de vos données est nécessaire pour la performance de notre Application. Sinon, nous ne serions pas en mesure de fournir nos services et vous ne pourriez pas profiter de l'expérience de divertissement de notre Application.
2.
Respecter nos obligations légales.
Nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel selon les besoins pour nous conformer à toutes les lois et réglementations nationales et internationales applicables en matière de protection des consommateurs, d'obligations financières et de protection des données, entre autres.
3.
Nos intérêts légitimes.
Nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel sur la base de nos intérêts légitimes, qui comprennent la gestion des risques commerciaux et la protection de l'intégrité de nos produits. En traitant les données sur la base d'intérêts légitimes, nous nous engageons à appliquer toutes les mesures appropriées pour protéger vos droits relatifs à vos données à caractère personnel, et à assurer l'équilibre entre nos intérêts et vos droits de manière à ce que vos données soient traitées dans les limites strictement nécessaires.
4.
Votre consentement.
Nous ne traitons vos données à caractère personnel que si nous avons obtenu votre consentement pour les activités de traitement spécifiques pour lesquelles le consentement est nécessaire. Sans votre consentement, nous ne pourrons plus traiter vos données à caractère personnel sur la base de ce motif juridique particulier, mais cela n'affectera pas la légalité du traitement fondé sur votre consentement avant le retrait de celui-ci. Sans votre consentement, nous ne vous proposerons pas d'offres et de communications marketing génériques et/ou personnalisées.
Comment traitons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ?
Nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel par des moyens électroniques partiellement ou entièrement automatisés, et les protégeons en adoptant des mesures de sécurité adéquates, établies et maintenues selon les normes internationales les plus strictes en matière de sécurité des données. Les activités susceptibles de produire des effets juridiques importants, telles que les décisions fondées sur le profilage, impliquent toujours une intervention humaine et/ou une décision finale.
Partageons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ?
Nous ne partageons vos données à caractère personnel avec des tiers que lorsque cela est nécessaire pour exécuter les services que nous sommes tenus de vous fournir, lorsque vous nous avez donné votre consentement pour le partage de vos données à caractère personnel, ou lorsque nous sommes contraints de divulguer vos données pour des raisons légales, par une ordonnance judiciaire ou à la demande d'une autre autorité officielle.
En d'autres termes, les données peuvent être partagées pour autant que les limites suivantes soient respectées :
·       Avec nos employés et/ou collaborateurs qui sont responsables du traitement et de la conservation des données, et dont la relation de travail et/ou de collaboration avec nous est liée à une obligation de confidentialité, ainsi qu'à des normes adéquates en matière de protection des données et de la vie privée.
·       Avec notre société mère, nos sociétés sœurs et d'autres fournisseurs tiers, qui nous aident à fournir nos services conformément à nos Conditions générales, notamment, mais sans s'y limiter, les prestataires de services de paiement, les fournisseurs de services marketing et les fournisseurs de services juridiques.
L'accès de tiers à vos données à caractère personnel est limité aux informations nécessaires à l'exercice de leur fonction en notre nom ou conformément à la loi. Le partage des données est soumis à une obligation de confidentialité et à des garanties suffisantes concernant le traitement licite et sécurisé de vos données à caractère personnel par nos partenaires.
Vos données à caractère personnel sont-elles transférées à l'étranger ?
Les données sont transférées sans restriction au sein de l'Espace économique européen (« l’EEE »). Nous ne transférerons pas vos données à caractère personnel vers des pays situés en dehors de l'EEE, à moins que des garanties appropriées pour la protection de vos données ne soient prévues, conformément aux normes strictes de protection des données établies par le RGPD.
En tenant compte de certaines des normes les plus exigeantes en matière de protection des données dans le monde, l'Union européenne, par l'intermédiaire de la Commission européenne, reconnaît que certains
États non-membres de l'EEE
offrent un niveau adéquat de protection des données. Nous estimons également que ces pays sont sûrs pour le transfert de données, dans des cas justifiés.
Pour les transferts de données vers des pays dont les garanties de protection des données ne sont pas considérées comme adéquates par la Commission européenne, nous nous engageons à mettre en place des garanties appropriées pour protéger les données conformément aux réglementations sur la protection des données en concluant nos relations contractuelles avec nos partenaires de manière à ce qu'ils garantissent un niveau de protection acceptable pour les données que nous leur transférons.
Dans ces conditions, les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez peuvent être traitées en dehors de l'EEE pour fournir certains des services de l'Application, comme suit :
·       Certaines données peuvent être traitées aux États-Unis, en fonction du prestataire des services de paiement que vous avez choisi et des activités menées par ce dernier. De plus amples informations sur la manière dont les prestataires de services de paiement traitent vos données à caractère personnel sont disponibles dans leurs Politiques de confidentialité respectives.
·       Certaines données peuvent être traitées aux États-Unis à des fins de communication marketing. Vous trouverez plus d'informations sur la manière dont vos données à caractère personnel sont traitées dans ce cas
ici
.
·       Certaines données peuvent être traitées aux États-Unis en raison de notre utilisation de Google Analytics. De plus amples informations sur la manière dont Google Analytics traite vos données à caractère personnel sont disponibles dans sa
Politique de confidentialité
.
Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ?
Nous nous efforçons de ne pas conserver vos données à caractère personnel plus longtemps que nécessaire pour remplir nos obligations contractuelles envers vous ou à des fins organisationnelles légitimes. La période pendant laquelle nous conservons et/ou utilisons vos données dépend d'aspects tels que la nature des données, les raisons pour lesquelles elles sont collectées et traitées, et les besoins de conservation légaux ou opérationnels pertinents.
Les périodes et critères suivants s'appliquent, à moins qu'une période différente ne soit requise ou autorisée par la loi, ou que nous n’ayons des raisons de croire qu'une période différente est nécessaire :
·       Les données recueillies à des fins liées à la fourniture des services de l'Application et des services que nous sommes tenus de fournir conformément aux Conditions générales (points 1 à 10 de la section « Pourquoi traitons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ? » de la présente Politique de confidentialité) seront conservées et utilisées aussi longtemps que nous vous fournissons nos services. En outre, après la cessation des services, ces données seront conservées pendant les périodes de conservation prévues ou autorisées par des lois spécifiques.
·       Les données collectées à des fins de marketing (point 9 de la section « Pourquoi traitons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ? » de la présente Politique de confidentialité) sont conservées pendant la fourniture des services de l'Application et des services que nous sommes tenus de fournir conformément aux Conditions générales.
Quels sont vos droits concernant les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez ?
Vous disposez de droits légaux en matière d'accès aux données, de rectification, d'effacement, de limitation du traitement et d'opposition au traitement, ainsi que du droit à la portabilité des données, entre autres. En outre, vous pouvez retirer à tout moment le consentement que vous avez accordé pour le traitement des données et vous avez le droit de déposer une plainte auprès d'une autorité de surveillance.
Vos droits concernant les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez sont détaillés ci-dessous et peuvent être exercés auprès de notre Service Clientèle à l'adresse e-mail
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Droit d 'accès
Vous pouvez demander un accès clair et transparent aux informations concernant les données que nous traitons en rapport avec votre personne, et la manière dont nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel, ainsi qu'une copie des données que nous stockons. Certaines de ces informations sont déjà fournies dans votre compte.
Droit de rectification
Nous nous efforçons de maintenir vos données à caractère personnel exactes et à jour. Vous avez le droit d'exiger que nous rectifions toutes données à caractère personnel incorrectes et/ou que nous complétions toutes données à caractère personnel incomplètes.
Droit à l'effacement
Nous supprimerons, à votre demande, les données à caractère personnel vous appartenant qui sont traitées par nos soins. Cependant, veuillez tenir compte du fait que cela peut entraîner la cessation des services que nous vous fournissons, ce qui signifie qu'il est possible que vous ne puissiez plus profiter de l'expérience de divertissement dans notre Application.
Droit à la limitation du traitement
Dans certains cas et pour des raisons fondées, vous pouvez demander que des restrictions soient apportées au traitement de vos données à caractère personnel, ce qui limiterait de façon permanente ou temporaire notre possibilité d'utiliser vos données à caractère personnel sans avoir à les supprimer. Toutefois, veuillez tenir compte du fait que, dans de tels cas, nous pourrions ne pas être en mesure de continuer à fournir nos services dans leur intégralité.
Droit à la portabilité des données
À votre demande, nous vous fournirons une copie électronique des données à caractère personnel que vous nous avez fournies lors de votre inscription. Dans la mesure où cela est techniquement possible, nous pouvons transférer cette copie à un autre prestataire de services.
Droit d’opposition
Dans certaines circonstances, par exemple lorsque nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel à des fins de marketing direct et de profilage, vous avez le droit de vous opposer à ce traitement à tout moment. En d'autres termes, lorsque le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel est fondé sur votre consentement, vous pouvez retirer le consentement que vous nous avez accordé à tout moment. Vos paramètres de consentement peuvent être ajustés dans les paramètres de votre compte sur notre Application.
Droit d’introduire une réclamation
Vous avez le droit d’introduire une réclamation officielle auprès de l'autorité de contrôle chargée des questions relatives à la protection des données dans votre pays, ou auprès de l'Autorité autrichienne de protection des données (Datenschutz Behörde).
Pour les citoyens britanniques, l'autorité de contrôle chargée de la protection des données est le Bureau du commissaire à l'information (
Information Commissioner’s Office
) qui peut être contacté
ici
.
Comment pouvez-vous exercer vos droits concernant les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez ?
Tous vos droits concernant les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez, à l'exception du droit d’introduire une réclamation, peuvent être exercés gratuitement dans des circonstances normales en envoyant une demande écrite à notre Service Clientèle à l'adresse e-mail suivante
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour répondre à vos demandes aussi rapidement que possible, mais il peut arriver que d'autres obligations légales ou les droits et processus de tiers ralentissent le processus. Selon la nature de la demande, vous recevrez une réponse de notre part dans un délai d'un mois, qui peut être prolongé de deux mois supplémentaires en raison de la complexité ou du nombre de demandes que nous traitons à un moment donné.
Veuillez noter que, pour des raisons justifiées, nous avons le droit de refuser votre demande, ou de facturer des frais raisonnables si elle est manifestement répétitive, infondée ou excessive.
Vos données à caractère personnel sont-elles en sécurité chez nous ?
Nous prenons la sécurité très au sérieux et nous nous engageons à respecter les normes les plus strictes en matière de sécurité de vos données à caractère personnel. Nous nous efforçons de mettre en œuvre et de maintenir nos politiques et processus conformément aux exigences internationales les plus fiables en matière de sécurité des données, et nous veillons à ce que ces politiques et processus soient respectés par tous nos employés et collaborateurs, afin d'éviter tout traitement non autorisé ou illégal, toute perte accidentelle, toute destruction et tout dommage. Ce faisant, nous n'éliminons pas tous les risques, mais nous les limitons considérablement, ce qui réduit la probabilité de violations des données. Toutefois, dans le cas peu probable d'une violation des données, non seulement nous cherchons à évaluer rapidement l'incident et à atténuer son impact, mais nous veillons également à vous informer si la violation de données affecte vos données à caractère personnel de manière significative.
Bloom Boom Casino peut contenir des liens vers des réseaux de partenaires ou des sites/applications de tiers. Si vous suivez un lien vers l'un de ces sites/applications, veuillez noter que le traitement que ces sites/applications effectuent sur vos données à caractère personnel échappe à notre contrôle et est régi par leurs propres politiques et conditions de confidentialité. Nous vous conseillons de consulter ces politiques et conditions avant d'accepter de leur fournir des informations.
‍
Politique de confidentialité conformément à la CCPA
La présente section de notre Politique de confidentialité (la « section CCPA ») s'adresse aux utilisateurs qui sont des résidents de l'État de Californie dans le cadre de la CCPA (la loi sur la protection des données personnelles du consommateur en Californie) ou qui accèdent à notre Application depuis l'État de Californie. Cette section CCPA décrit comment nous recueillons vos informations personnelles et protégeons vos droits conformément à la CCPA. Si vous n'êtes pas un résident de l'État de Californie, la présente section CCPA ne vous concerne pas.
Les termes utilisés dans la section CCPA de la Politique de confidentialité ont la même signification que dans le reste de notre Politique de confidentialité, ou celle qui est définie dans la CCPA.
Quelles sont les données à caractère personnel que nous collections ?
Nous sommes transparents dans la collecte de vos informations personnelles, comme l'exige la CCPA. Qu'est-ce que cela signifie ? Cela signifie que si nous achetons, louons, recueillons, obtenons, recevons ou accédons de quelque manière que ce soit à des informations qui vous identifient, vous concernent, vous décrivent, peuvent être associées ou pourraient raisonnablement être liées, directement ou indirectement, à vous ou à votre foyer, vous en serez informé.
Les catégories de données à caractère personnel que nous recueillons et la source où nous obtenons ces données à caractère personnel sont décrites dans le tableau ci-dessous. Conformément à la CCPA, ces catégories d'informations personnelles ne comprennent pas les informations accessibles au public ou, en d'autres termes, les informations qui sont légalement rendues disponibles dans les registres des gouvernements fédéraux, étatiques ou locaux.
Catégorie d'informations personnelles
Source
Données d'activité de l'Application
(par exemple : alias, identifiant personnel unique, identifiant en ligne, adresse IP, localisation de l'appareil ou du réseau Wi-Fi)
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram ;
Des tiers tels que, sans s'y limiter, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Informations personnelles telles que définies à l'article 1798.80(e) du Code civil de Californie
(
Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e))
(par exemple : le nom)
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram.
Informations commerciales
(par exemple : les registres des biens personnels, des produits ou des services achetés, obtenus ou examinés, ou autres historiques ou tendances d'achat ou de consommation)
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram ;
·       Des tiers tels que, sans s'y limiter, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Informations sur l'activité sur Internet ou sur d'autres réseaux électroniques
(par exemple : historique de navigation, historique de recherche et informations concernant votre interaction avec notre Application)
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram ;
Des tiers tels que, sans s'y limiter, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Données de géolocalisation
(par exemple : l’adresse IP)
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram ;
Des tiers tels que, sans s'y limiter, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Informations électroniques
(par exemple : cette catégorie comprend les données résultant de votre interaction avec l'appareil afin de jouer au jeu)
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram ;
Des tiers tels que, sans s'y limiter, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Informations tirées des informations décrites ci-dessus
Nos joueurs et les consommateurs qui accèdent à notre Application et leurs appareils ;
Les réseaux sociaux tels que, sans s'y limiter, Facebook et Instagram ;
Des tiers tels que, sans s'y limiter, Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Pourquoi collectons-nous vos informations personnelles ?
Nous recueillons les données à caractère personnel que vous nous fournissez conformément à la CCPA et pour les raisons suivantes :
-        Pour créer votre compte joueur et vous permettre de profiter des jeux de notre Application.
-        Pour mettre nos jeux et services à votre disposition, conformément à nos Conditions générales.
-        Améliorer et optimiser nos jeux et votre expérience de divertissement dans notre Application.
-        Pour vous permettre de communiquer avec d'autres joueurs.
-        Pour protéger la sûreté et la sécurité de nos jeux, de notre Application et de notre entreprise en général (par exemple, pour le débogage, l'audit et les tests).
-        À des fins de recherche et de développement, y compris le développement de jeux et de fonctionnalités, l'amélioration, l'optimisation et le perfectionnement.
-        Pour protéger nos droits et nos biens dans le cadre de nos jeux, ainsi que pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales, résoudre tout litige que nous pourrions avoir avec vous ou avec d'autres joueurs, et veiller au respect de nos contrats avec des tiers.
-        Pour prévenir la fraude et/ou les activités potentiellement illégales, et pour veiller au respect de nos Conditions générales.
-        Aux fins des services et de l'assistance aux joueurs, afin de garantir un niveau de qualité élevé pour nos produits et de répondre à vos demandes.
-        Pour vous fournir des mises à jour et des notifications dans le jeu, de nouveaux jeux et des offres promotionnelles qui, à notre avis, pourraient vous intéresser.
-        Pour gérer et fournir des publicités et des services de marketing personnalisés (par exemple, pour l'acquisition d'utilisateurs et les communications de marketing direct).
-        Pour organiser des activités promotionnelles ou des événements sponsorisés ou gérés par nous-mêmes ou par nos partenaires.
Partageons-nous vos informations personnelles ?
Nous collectons et partageons vos données à caractère personnel conformément à la section « Comment traitons-nous vos données à caractère personnel ? » de la présente Politique de confidentialité. Nous ne vendons pas et n'avons pas vendu des informations personnelles de résidents de Californie à des tiers à des fins commerciales au cours des douze derniers mois.
Quels sont vos droits concernant les informations personnelles que vous nous fournissez, conformément à la CCPA ?
Vous disposez de droits légaux qui vous sont accordés par la CCPA en ce qui concerne l'accès aux informations personnelles que nous collectons, la suppression de vos informations personnelles, l'opposition à la vente de vos informations personnelles, ainsi que la non-discrimination en raison de l'exercice de vos droits en vertu de la CCPA, entre autres.
Vos droits concernant les informations personnelles que vous nous fournissez sont détaillés ci-dessous et peuvent être exercés moyennant une Demande vérifiée via notre Application ou via notre Service Clientèle à l'adresse e-mail suivante
support@bloomboomcasino.com
. Vous trouverez de plus amples informations sur la manière dont vous pouvez effectuer une telle demande dans la section « Comment faire une Demande vérifiée ? » ci-dessous.
Le droit de savoir
Vous avez le droit de demander que nous vous fournissions des informations sur les données à caractère personnel que nous collectons, utilisons, divulguons et vendons, et/ou pour lesquelles nous avons réalisé ces opérations au cours des douze derniers mois. Vous pouvez également demander que nous vous fournissions une copie électronique des éléments suivants :
Les catégories d'informations personnelles que nous collectons et traitons.
Les catégories de sources où nous avons obtenu vos informations personnelles.
La finalité d’entreprise ou commerciale qui sous-tend le traitement que nous effectuons de vos informations personnelles.
Les catégories de tiers avec lesquels nous partageons vos informations personnelles.
Veuillez noter que nous ne pouvons vous fournir ces informations que si vous nous envoyez une Demande vérifiée, comme expliqué dans la section « Comment faire une Demande vérifiée ? » ci-dessous.
Droit à l'effacement (Droit à l'oubli)
Vous avez le droit de nous demander de supprimer les informations personnelles que nous avons recueillies auprès de vous ou vous concernant, sous réserve de certaines exceptions.
Une fois que nous aurons reçu et confirmé votre Demande vérifiée conformément à la section « Comment faire une Demande vérifiée ? »  ci-dessous, nous supprimerons vos informations personnelles et demanderons à nos prestataires de services de faire de même, à moins qu’une exception légale ne s’applique.
Veuillez noter que nous ne pouvons supprimer vos informations personnelles que si vous nous envoyez une Demande vérifiée.
Droit de refuser la vente de vos informations personnelles
Nous ne vendons pas actuellement et n'avons pas vendu vos informations personnelles à des tiers à des fins commerciales au cours des douze derniers mois. Si cela devait changer à l'avenir, nous adapterons notre Politique de confidentialité et vous en informerons en conséquence, tout en vous donnant le droit de refuser cette vente de vos informations personnelles.
Droit à la non-discrimination en raison de l'exercice de vos droits au titre de la CCPA
Nous croyons à la transparence et à l'équité et nous nous engageons à veiller à ce que vos droits en vertu de la CCPA ne soient pas seulement accordés en théorie, mais aussi appliqués. Vous êtes libre et encouragé à exercer tous les droits qui vous sont accordés par la CCPA, et nous ferons de notre mieux pour nous y conformer. Vous pouvez avoir l'assurance que l'exercice de vos droits n'aura aucun impact négatif sur votre expérience de divertissement sur Bloom Boom Casino. Toutefois, veuillez noter qu'une demande d'effacement entraîne la fermeture de votre compte.
Autres droits
Vous avez également le droit de désigner un agent autorisé à faire une demande et à exercer vos droits en vertu de la CCPA en votre nom. Afin d'être autorisé à agir en votre nom, votre agent autorisé devra faire une Demande vérifiée comme décrit dans la section « Comment faire une Demande vérifiée ? » ci-dessous et nous fournir une autorisation écrite prouvant qu'il est habilité à agir en votre nom.
Comment faire une Demande vérifiée ?
Pour exercer vos droits en vertu de la CCPA, vous devez soumettre une Demande vérifiée
.
Il y a deux façons de nous envoyer une Demande vérifiée :
·
Via l'Application Bloom Boom Casino.
Cela nous transmet automatiquement votre identifiant de joueur et nous aide à vérifier votre identité. Veuillez mentionner « CCPA » dans votre demande, afin que nous puissions comprendre plus facilement votre demande.
·
Par courrier électronique à
support@BloomBoomcasino.com
.
Nos équipes et/ou le Délégué à la protection des données traiteront toute demande avec toute l'attention requise. Lorsque vous nous envoyez une telle demande, veuillez inclure votre identifiant de joueur et la référence « CCPA », afin de nous permettre de comprendre votre demande plus facilement.
Afin que nous puissions traiter votre demande dans les meilleurs délais, veuillez tenir compte des éléments suivants :
·       Il est important que vous fournissiez suffisamment d'informations pour nous aider à comprendre ce que vous souhaitez obtenir de nous. Par exemple, si vous souhaitez que nous supprimions vos données, veuillez nous le signaler. Si vous souhaitez demander une copie de vos données, veuillez nous l’indiquer.
·       Nous pouvons être amenés à vérifier votre identité avant de traiter toute demande. Nous nous efforcerons de limiter les informations personnelles supplémentaires que nous recueillons afin de traiter votre demande.
·       Nous pouvons refuser une demande d'exercice de vos droits en vertu de la CCPA, notamment si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de vérifier votre identité, ou si vous soumettez une telle demande plus de deux fois en douze mois.
·       Nous avons le droit de vous facturer des frais raisonnables si vos demandes sont manifestement infondées, excessives ou répétitives.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour répondre à votre demande aussi rapidement que possible, mais il peut arriver que d'autres obligations légales ou les droits et processus de tiers ralentissent le processus. Selon la nature de la demande, vous recevrez une réponse de notre part dans un délai de 45 jours, qui peut être prolongé de 45 ou 90 jours supplémentaires en raison de la complexité ou du nombre de demandes que nous traitons à un moment donné.
Si vous faites appel à un agent autorisé, ce dernier devra soumettre personnellement une demande, accompagnée d'une preuve d'autorisation.
Informations importantes supplémentaires
Bloom Boom Casino s'adresse aux personnes âgées de 18 ans ou plus, à des fins de divertissement uniquement. Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment des informations personnelles auprès d'enfants de moins de 18 ans. Les enfants âgés de moins de 18 ans ne doivent à aucun moment utiliser notre Application. Si nous apprenons qu'une personne âgée de moins de 18 ans a fourni des informations personnelles, nous prendrons des mesures raisonnables pour supprimer ces informations dès que possible.
Notre Politique de confidentialité sera-t-elle mise à jour ?
La version actuelle de notre Politique de confidentialité est datée du 01.01.2022. Nous développons et améliorons en permanence nos politiques et processus afin de pouvoir garantir les normes les plus strictes en matière de protection et de sécurité de vos données à caractère personnel. Nous nous engageons à faire en sorte que la manière dont nous évoluons et nous améliorons soit conforme à nos valeurs et principes, et nous vous informerons de toute modification de notre Politique de confidentialité qui vous concerne directement.
Contactez-nous :
Nous, Funstage GmbH, société immatriculée en Autriche sous le numéro 258215d, assumons le rôle de responsable du traitement des données pour le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel par le biais de l’application Bloom Boom Casino. En d'autres termes, nous sommes l'entité juridique qui détermine pourquoi et comment vos données à caractère personnel sont traitées afin que vous puissiez profiter pleinement de l'expérience de divertissement de notre Application.
Vous pouvez nous contacter par e-mail à
support@bloomboomcasino.com
ou par courrier postal à Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Vienne, Autriche. Si vous souhaitez contacter directement notre Délégué à la protection des données, notamment pour des demandes, des questions ou des préoccupations concernant notre Politique de confidentialité, veuillez le faire par écrit à l'adresse suivante
dpo@greentube.com
.
Les citoyens britanniques qui utilisent notre Application peuvent également nous contacter par l'intermédiaire de notre représentant RGPD au Royaume-Uni, Greentube UK Limited, situé à Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, Royaume-Uni, ou par e-mail à l'adresse suivante
dpo.uk@greentube.com
.
‍
Soukromí a bezpečnost vašich osobních údajů jsou pro nás důležité. Tyto zásady ochrany osobních údajů popisují, jak nakládáme s osobními údaji, které nám poskytujete v aplikaci Bloom Boom Casino (dále také „aplikace“), a pomáhají vám pochopit, jaké osobní údaje od vás požadujeme nebo získáváme, proč je požadujeme nebo získáváme, co s nimi děláme a jak dlouho je uchováváme.
Pokud jste rezidentem státu Kalifornie, projděte si prosím v těchto zásadách ochrany osobních údajů část týkající se CCPA (kalifornského zákona o ochraně osobních údajů spotřebitelů, angl.
California Consumer Privacy Act)
, která se na vás v tomto případě vztahuje.
Upozorňujeme, že tyto zásady ochrany osobních údajů se na vás vztahují i v případě, že v aplikaci Bloom Boom Casino účet nemáte, tzn. když aplikaci používáte jako hostující uživatel nebo když se rozhodnete nás kontaktovat, a to jak prostřednictvím aplikace, tak i jakýmkoli jiným způsobem.
Co je zpracování údajů?
Naše zásady ochrany osobních údajů jsou založeny na skutečnosti, že zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje. Co to znamená? Znamená to, že shromažďujeme osobní údaje, které nám poskytujete, a provádíme s nimi různé činnosti, jako je jejich zaznamenávání, uspořádávání, ukládání, přizpůsobování nebo pozměňování, vyhledávání, nahlížení, používání, předávání, omezování, mazání nebo likvidace.
Při těchto činnostech dbáme na dodržování všech právních požadavků týkajících se ochrany údajů, mimo jiné obecného nařízení EU o ochraně osobních údajů (dále také „GDPR“), rakouského zákona o ochraně osobních údajů a případně kalifornského zákona o ochraně osobních údajů spotřebitelů z roku 2018 ("CCPA").
Jaké osobní údaje zpracováváme?
Abychom mohli naše služby prostřednictvím aplikace poskytovat, musíme zpracovávat vaše osobní údaje. Druhy osobních údajů, které shromažďujeme, závisí na vašich aktivitách a také na tom, jak naše služby využíváte, a jsou následující:
Údaje, které poskytujete při vytváření účtu v naší aplikaci nebo v souvislosti s účtem
, mezi které mimo jiné patří:
·       E-mailová adresa
Údaje o činnosti v aplikaci
, které mimo jiné zahrnují:
·       Informace o zařízení
·       Zdrojové a cílové údaje
·       Uživatelské jméno, ID hráče, uživatelské jméno a heslo účtu, herní transakce
·       Údaje o online platbách
·       Údaje sdělené našemu zákaznickému oddělení, abychom mohli poskytovat a zlepšovat naši podporu (včetně prostřednictvím e-mailů a telefonních hovorů).
·       Výše uvedené údaje o činnosti týkající se hostujících uživatelů jsou zpracovávány v anonymním režimu.
Údaje poskytovány třetími stranami
, které získávají vaše údaje, když navštívíte nebo využíváte jejich služby, a už mají váš souhlas s tím, aby s námi vaše údaje sdílely, neboť požadujeme, aby naši partneři disponovali zákonnými právy shromažďovat, používat a sdílet vaše údaje předtím, než nám je poskytnou. Zde jsou zahrnuty například sociální média a případně různé mobilní aplikace.
Upozorňujeme, že nejste ze zákona povinni nám své osobní údaje poskytnout. Nicméně abyste si mohli zaregistrovat účet prostřednictvím naší aplikace, musíte poskytnout všechny informace označené jako povinné. Bez těchto údajů s vámi nemůžeme vstoupit do smluvního vztahu, což znamená, že nemůžete využívat naše služby.
Proč zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje?
Hlavním účelem zpracování vašich osobních údajů je poskytování našich služeb. Abychom pro vás mohli naše služby zajišťovat, jsme nuceni zpracovávat vaše osobní údaje, a to z těchto konkrétních důvodů:
1.     Abychom zajistili, že aplikace bude funkční a užitečná, včetně nastavení a používání vašeho účtu.
2.     Abychom se ujistili, že vaše osobní údaje jsou správné, a to především pro vaši vlastní ochranu, ale také pro účely ověření věku, prevence podvodů, podvádění, snížení obchodních rizik a ochrany integrity našich her. Za tímto účelem může být použita určitá míra poloautomatického profilování na základě údajů z vaší registrace a herní činnosti.
3.     Aby byly splněny obchodní podmínky aplikace.
4.     Aby byly splněny zákonné povinnosti společnosti.
5.     Aby mohly být zpracovávány online platby, co se týče poskytovatelů třetích stran či finančních institucí.
6.     Aby vám byla poskytována co nejlepší zákaznická podpora.
7.     Aby byly dodržovány všechny platné zákony a regulační povinnosti, jako jsou předpisy na ochranu spotřebitele a finanční předpisy.
8.     Aby byla zajištěna jak vaše, tak i veřejná bezpečnost, aby bylo zajištěno soukromí a fungovalo zabezpečení. V případě potřeby též za účelem ochrany a prosazování/hájení našich zákonných práv s ohledem na soukromí, bezpečnost nebo majetek, a také pro účely řízení obchodních rizik.
9.     Aby bylo možné vylepšovat zabezpečení, služby a funkce naší aplikace, což může zahrnovat poskytování služeb částečně šitých na míru, funkcí a doporučení, provádění výzkumů a průzkumů, žádání o vaši nepovinnou zpětnou vazbu a poskytování interních školení.
10.  Aby bylo možné provádět a finalizovat případné organizační změny v podnikání, jako jsou fúze, akvizice, převody nebo prodej majetku. V případě prodeje celé společnosti nebo její části či odprodeje aktiv, anebo v případě, že se odhodláme k fúzi, akvizici nebo převodu majetku, můžeme vaše osobní údaje zpřístupnit a předat dalším stranám zapojeným do těchto obchodních transakcí. Pokud takový případ nastane, budete o tom řádně a včas informováni.
11.  Volitelně a pouze s vaším výslovným souhlasem z důvodu poskytování marketingových sdělení šitých na míru, která odpovídají vašim zájmům a očekáváním, anebo z důvodu poskytování přímých marketingových sdělení, která mají obecnou povahu nebo částečně vycházejí z vašeho přistupování k hazardní hře a je možné je taktéž ušít na míru, a to prostřednictvím e-mailu, rychlých zpráv, chatů, SMS, telefonu nebo sociálních sítí.
Veškeré poskytované údaje zpracováváme v té nejjednodušší a nejomezenější míře, a zavazujeme se k tomu, že vaše osobní údaje nebudeme používat k jiným než výše uvedeným účelům. V případě, že budou údaje zpracovávány pro jiné účely, anebo jinými stranami, budete o tom informováni.
Na základě jakých zákonných důvodů zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje?
Náš právní základ pro zpracování vašich osobních údajů je do značné míry závislý na účelu zpracovávací činnosti a může se lišit v závislosti na službě, kterou využíváte.
Obecně zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje na základě následujících zákonných důvodů:
1.
Plnění našich smluvních závazků vůči vám.
Vaše osobní údaje zpracováváme za účelem plnění našich povinností popsaných v obchodních podmínkách týkajících se naší aplikace, neboť zpracování vašich údajů je nezbytné pro funkci aplikace. V opačném případě bychom nemohli poskytovat naše služby a vy byste si nemohli užívat zábavu, kterou naše aplikaci nabízí.
2.
Dodržování našich zákonných povinností.
Vaše osobní údaje zpracováváme podle potřeby, abychom dodržovali všechny platné národní a mezinárodní zákony a také předpisy týkající se mimo jiné ochrany spotřebitele, finančních závazků a ochrany osobních údajů.
3.
Naše oprávněné zájmy.
Vaše osobní údaje zpracováváme na základě našich oprávněných zájmů, mezi které patří řízení obchodních rizik a ochrana integrity našich produktů. Při zpracování údajů na základě oprávněných zájmů se zavazujeme provádět veškerá vhodná opatření na ochranu vašich práv souvisejících s vašimi osobními údaji a zajistit rovnováhu mezi našimi zájmy a vašimi právy tak, aby vaše údaje byly zpracovávány v nezbytně nutné míře.
4.
Váš souhlas.
Vaše osobní údaje zpracováváme pouze v případě, že máme váš souhlas pro konkrétní činnosti zpracování, pokud je tedy souhlas nutný. Bez poskytnutí vašeho souhlasu nám bude další zpracování vašich osobních údajů na základě tohoto konkrétního právního důvodu znemožněno, ovšem nebude tím dotčena zákonnost zpracování údajů na základě vašeho souhlasu poskytnutého před jeho odepřením. Bez vašeho souhlasu vám nebudeme poskytovat obecné nabídky/nabídky šité na míru či marketingová sdělení.
Jak zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje?
Vaše osobní údaje zpracováváme částečně nebo plně automatizovanými elektronickými prostředky a chráníme je odpovídajícími bezpečnostními opatřeními, zavedenými a udržovanými v souladu s nejvyššími mezinárodními standardy pro bezpečnost údajů. Činnosti, které mohou mít závažné právní účinky, jako jsou rozhodnutí založená na profilování, vždy zahrnují lidský zásah anebo konečné rozhodnutí.
Sdílíme vaše osobní údaje?
Vaše osobní údaje sdílíme s třetími stranami pouze tehdy, pokud je to nutné pro poskytování našich služeb, k němuž jsme se vůči vám zavázali, a pokud jste nám ke sdílení vašich osobních údajů dali souhlas nebo pokud jsme k tomu povinni na základě zákonných důvodů, tzn. na základě soudního příkazu nebo na žádost jiného orgánu státní moci.
Jinými slovy, údaje mohou být sdíleny v rámci tohoto rozsahu:
·       S našimi zaměstnanci a spolupracovníky, kteří jsou odpovědní za zpracování a úschovu údajů a jejichž pracovní či spolupracovnický vztah s námi je vázán povinností mlčenlivosti, jakož i odpovídajícími standardy s ohledem na ochranu údajů a soukromí.
·       S naší mateřskou společností, s našimi sesterskými společnostmi a dalšími poskytovateli třetích stran, kteří nám pomáhají poskytovat naše služby v souladu s našimi obchodními podmínkami, jako jsou mimo jiné poskytovatelé platebních služeb, poskytovatelé marketingových služeb a poskytovatelé právních služeb.
Přístup třetích stran k vašim osobním údajům je omezen na informace nezbytné k výkonu jejich úlohy naším jménem nebo na informace vyžadované zákonem. Sdílení údajů podléhá důvěrnosti a dostatečným bezpečnostním opatřením týkajícím se zákonného a bezpečného zpracování vašich osobních údajů našimi partnery.
Jsou vaše osobní údaje předávány do zahraničí?
Údaje jsou předávány bez omezení v rámci Evropského hospodářského prostoru (dále také „EHP“). Vaše osobní údaje nepředáváme do zemí mimo EHP, pokud nejsou zavedena vhodná ochranná opatření pro ochranu vašich údajů, která se řídí vysokými standardy ochrany údajů stanovenými nařízením GDPR.
S ohledem na jedny z nejvyšších standardů ochrany údajů na světě vnímá Evropská unie prostřednictvím Evropské komise některé
státy mimo EHP
jako státy, které poskytují odpovídající úroveň ochrany údajů. A i my tyto země považujeme pro předávání údajů v odůvodněných případech za bezpečné.
V případě předávání údajů do zemí, jejichž záruky ochrany údajů Evropská komise nepovažuje za přiměřené, se zavazujeme zavést odpovídající záruky ochrany údajů v souladu s předpisy o ochraně údajů, tzn. uzavíráme smluvní vztahy s našimi partnery tak, aby zajišťovali přijatelnou úroveň ochrany údajů, které jim předáváme.
Za těchto podmínek mohou být osobní údaje, které nám poskytujete, zpracovávány mimo EHP za účelem nabízení některých služeb aplikace, a to následovně:
·       Některé údaje mohou být zpracovávány v USA, a to v závislosti na vámi zvoleném poskytovateli plateb a činnostech, které poskytovatel plateb provádí. Další informace o tom, jak poskytovatelé plateb zpracovávají vaše osobní údaje, jsou k dispozici v jejich příslušných zásadách ochrany osobních údajů.
·       Některé údaje mohou být zpracovávány v USA pro účely marketingové komunikace. Více informací o tom, jak jsou v tomto případě zpracovávány vaše osobní údaje, naleznete
zde
.
·       Některé údaje mohou být zpracovávány v USA z důvodu používání služby Google Analytics. Více informací o tom, jak Google Analytics zpracovává vaše osobní údaje, naleznete v jejich
zásadách ochrany osobních údajů
.
Jak dlouho uchováváme vaše osobní údaje?
Snažíme se neuchovávat vaše osobní údaje déle, než je nezbytně nutné pro plnění našich smluvních závazků vůči vám nebo pro oprávněné organizační účely. Doba, po kterou vaše údaje uchováváme nebo používáme, závisí na rozličných aspektech, jako je povaha údajů, jako jsou důvody, proč jsou shromažďovány a zpracovávány, a jaké jsou příslušné právní nebo provozní potřeby uchovávání údajů.
Následující doby a kritéria se uplatňují, pokud zákon nevyžaduje nebo nepovoluje jinou dobu, anebo pokud se důvodně nedomníváme, že je nutná jiná doba:
·       Údaje shromažďované pro účely související s poskytováním služeb aplikace a služeb, které jsme povinni poskytovat podle obchodních podmínek (body 1 až 10 v části „Proč zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje?“ těchto zásad ochrany osobních údajů), budou uchovávány a používány po dobu, po kterou vám poskytujeme naše služby. Dále budou tyto údaje po ukončení poskytování služeb uchovávány po takovou dobu, jak to stanovují nebo povolují zvláštní právními předpisy.
·       Údaje shromažďované pro marketingové účely (bod 9 v části „Proč zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje?“ těchto zásad ochrany osobních údajů) jsou uchovávány po dobu poskytování služeb aplikace a služeb, které jsme povinni poskytovat v souladu s obchodními podmínkami.
Jaká jsou vaše práva týkající se osobních údajů, které nám poskytujete?
Ve věci přístupu k údajům, jejich oprav, výmazu, omezení zpracování a vznášení námitek proti zpracování, můžete využít svých zákonných práv, a máte mimo jiné i právo na přenositelnost údajů. Kromě toho můžete kdykoli odvolat jakýkoli souhlas, který jste ve směru zpracování údajů případně udělili, a rovněž máte právo podat stížnost u dozorového úřadu.
Vaše práva týkající se osobních údajů, které nám poskytujete, jsou podrobně popsána níže a můžete je uplatnit prostřednictvím našeho zákaznického oddělení na adrese
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Právo na přístup
Můžete požádat o jasný a transparentní přístup k informacím týkajícím se údajů, které zpracováváme ve vztahu k vaší osobě, a způsobu, jakým vaše osobní údaje zpracováváme, jakož i o kopii údajů, které uchováváme. Některé z těchto informací jsou již uvedeny ve vašem účtu.
Právo na opravu
Snažíme se, aby vaše osobní údaje byly přesné a aktuální. Máte právo požadovat, abychom opravili jakékoli vaše nesprávné osobní údaje nebo doplnili jakékoli neúplné osobní údaje.
Právo na výmaz
Na vaši žádost vymažeme osobní údaje, které vám patří a které zpracováváme. Mějte však prosím na paměti, že to může mít za následek ukončení služeb, které vám poskytujeme, což znamená, že je možné, že si již nebudete moci užívat zábavy v naší aplikaci.
Právo na omezení zpracování
V určitých případech a z opodstatněných důvodů můžete požadovat omezení zpracování vašich osobních údajů, které by trvale nebo dočasně omezilo naši možnost používat vaše osobní údaje, aniž bychom je museli vymazat. Mějte však prosím na paměti, že v takových případech nemusíme být schopni pokračovat v poskytování našich služeb v plném rozsahu.
Právo na přenositelnost údajů
Na vaši žádost vám poskytneme elektronickou kopii osobních údajů, které jsme od vás získali při registraci. V rozsahu, který je technicky proveditelný, můžeme tuto kopii předat jinému poskytovateli služeb.
Právo vznést námitku
Za určitých okolností, například když zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje pro účely přímého marketingu a profilování, máte právo kdykoli vznést námitku. Jinými slovy, pokud je zpracování vašich osobních údajů založeno na vašem souhlasu, můžete souhlas, který jste nám dali, kdykoli odvolat. Nastavení souhlasu můžete upravit v aplikaci v nastavení svého účtu.
Právo podat stížnost
Máte právo podat oficiální stížnost u dozorového úřadu, který se zabývá otázkami ochrany osobních údajů ve vaší zemi, nebo u rakouského úřadu pro ochranu osobních údajů (Datenschutz Behörde).
Pro britské občany je dozorovým úřadem zabývajícím se ochranou údajů Úřad komisaře pro informace (Information Commissioner's Office), který můžete kontaktovat
zde
.
Jak můžete uplatnit svá práva týkající se osobních údajů, které nám poskytujete?
Všechna vaše práva týkající se osobních údajů, které nám poskytujete, s výjimkou práva podat stížnost, můžete za běžných okolností uplatnit bezplatně zasláním písemné žádosti našemu zákaznickému oddělení na adresu
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Budeme se snažit na vaše žádosti zareagovat co nejrychleji, ovšem může se stát, že jiné zákonné povinnosti nebo práva a procesy třetích stran tento proces zpomalí. V závislosti na povaze žádosti od nás obdržíte odpověď ve lhůtě jednoho měsíce, která může být prodloužena o další dva měsíce z důvodu složitosti nebo počtu žádostí, které v určitém období vyřizujeme.
Vezměte prosím na vědomí, že z oprávněných důvodů máme právo vaši žádost zamítnout nebo za ni účtovat přiměřený poplatek, pokud se zjevně opakuje, je neopodstatněná či nepřiměřená.
Jsou vaše osobní údaje u nás v bezpečí?
Velmi důsledně se zabýváme bezpečností, tzn. zavazujeme se dodržovat nejvyšší standardy zabezpečení vašich osobních údajů. Snažíme se zavádět a udržovat naše zásady a procesy v souladu s nejdůvěryhodnějšími mezinárodními požadavky na bezpečnost údajů a dbáme na to, aby je dodržovali všichni naši zaměstnanci a spolupracovníci, a zabránili tak neoprávněnému nebo nezákonnému zpracování, náhodné ztrátě, zničení a poškození. Tímto postupem sice nejsme schopni eliminovat všechna rizika, ale výrazně je omezujeme, a tak výrazně snižujeme pravděpodobnost narušení bezpečnosti údajů. V nepravděpodobném případě narušení bezpečnosti údajů se vždy snažíme incident včas vyhodnotit a zmírnit jeho dopad, ale také vás informovat, pokud se má narušení bezpečnosti údajů významně dotknout vašich osobních údajů.
Aplikace Bloom Boom Casino může obsahovat odkazy na partnerské sítě nebo webové stránky/aplikace třetích stran. Pokud přejdete na odkaz některé z těchto webových stránek/aplikací, vezměte na vědomí, že zpracovávají vaše osobní údaje mimo naši kontrolu, a to podle svých vlastních zásad a podmínek ochrany osobních údajů. Doporučujeme vám, abyste si takové zásady a podmínky zkontrolovali, a to dříve, než podmínky přijmete a své informace jim odešlete.
‍
Zásady ochrany osobních údajů CCPA
Tato část našich zásad ochrany osobních údajů („část týkající se CCPA“) je určena uživatelům, kteří jsou rezidenty státu Kalifornie v rozsahu působnosti CCPA nebo jinak přistupují k naší aplikaci ze státu Kalifornie. Tato část týkající se CCPA popisuje, jak shromažďujeme vaše osobní údaje a chráníme vaše práva v souladu se zákonem CCPA. Pokud nejste rezidentem státu Kalifornie, část týkající se CCPA se na vás nevztahuje.
Pojmy v části týkající se CCPA těchto zásad ochrany osobních údajů mají stejný význam jako ve zbytku těchto zásad ochrany osobních údajů, anebo jak jsou definovány v zákoně CCPA.
Jaké osobní údaje shromažďujeme?
Při shromažďování vašich osobních údajů postupujeme transparentně, jak to vyžaduje zákon CCPA. Co to znamená? Znamená to, že pokud kupujeme, pronajímáme, shromažďujeme, získáváme, přijímáme nebo jakýmkoli způsobem přistupujeme k jakémukoli druhu informací, které vás identifikují, vztahují se k vám, popisují vás, mohou se vás týkat, anebo by mohly být důvodně s vámi či s vaší domácností přímo či nepřímo spojovány, budete o tom informováni.
Kategorie osobních údajů, které shromažďujeme, a zdroj, odkud tyto osobní údaje získáváme, jsou popsány v tabulce níže. V souladu se zákonem CCPA tyto kategorie osobních údajů nezahrnují veřejně dostupné informace, jinými slovy informace, které jsou zákonně zpřístupněny z federálních, státních nebo místních vládních záznamů.
Kategorie osobních údajů
Zdroj
Údaje o činnosti aplikace
(například: přezdívka, jedinečný osobní identifikátor, online identifikátor, IP adresa, poloha zařízení nebo WiFi)
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a ke svým zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
Třetí strany, jako jsou mimo jiné Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Osobní údaje, jak je definuje Občanský zákoník Kalifornie (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e))
(například: jméno)
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a jejich zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
Obchodní informace
(například: záznamy o osobním majetku, o zakoupených, získaných nebo zvažovaných výrobcích nebo službách, anebo o jiné nákupní či spotřební historii či tendenci)
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a jejich zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
·       Třetí strany, jako jsou mimo jiné Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Informace o aktivitách na internetu nebo jiných elektronických sítích
(například: historie prohlížení, historie vyhledávání a informace týkající se vaší interakce s naší aplikací).
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a ke svým zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
Třetí strany, jako jsou mimo jiné Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Geolokační údaje
(například: IP adresa)
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a ke svým zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
Třetí strany, jako jsou mimo jiné Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove, Sendgrid, Xtremepush.
Elektronické informace
(například: tato kategorie zahrnuje takové údaje, které jsou výsledkem vaší interakce se zařízením za účelem hraní hry)
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a ke svým zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
Třetí strany, jako jsou mimo jiné Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Závěry vyvozené z výše uvedeného
Naši hráči a spotřebitelé, kteří přistupují k naší aplikaci a ke svým zařízením.
Sociální sítě, jako jsou mimo jiné Facebook a Instagram.
Třetí strany, jako jsou mimo jiné Google Analytics, Google Firebase, Adjust, Optimove.
Proč shromažďujeme vaše osobní údaje?
Osobní údaje, které nám poskytujete, shromažďujeme v souladu se zákonem CCPA a z následujících důvodů:
-        Abychom mohli vytvořit váš hráčský účet a umožnili vám využívat hry v naší aplikaci.
-        Abychom vám mohli zpřístupnit naše hry a služby v souladu s našimi obchodními podmínkami.
-        Abychom mohli zlepšovat a optimalizovat naše hry a váš zážitek ze zábavy v naší aplikaci.
-        Abychom vám umožnili komunikovat s ostatními hráči.
-        K ochraně bezpečnosti a zabezpečení našich her, naší aplikace a společnosti obecně (například pro účely odlaďování, auditu a testování)
-        Pro výzkum a vývoj, včetně vývoje, vylepšování, optimalizace a zdokonalování her a funkcí
-        K ochraně našich práv a majetku v souvislosti s našimi hrami, jakož i k plnění našich zákonných povinností, k řešení sporů, které můžeme mít s vámi nebo jinými hráči, a k vymáhání našich smluv s třetími stranami
-        K prevenci podvodů nebo potenciálně nezákonných činností a k prosazování našich obchodních podmínek
-        Pro služby a podporu hráčů, abychom zajistili vysokou kvalitu našich produktů a mohli řešit vaše dotazy.
-        Abychom vám mohli poskytovat herní aktualizace a oznámení, nové hry a propagační nabídky, které by vás podle našeho názoru mohly zajímat.
-        Pro správu a poskytování reklamy a marketingu na míru (například pro získávání uživatelů a přímou marketingovou komunikaci)
-        K pořádání propagačních aktivit nebo akcí sponzorovaných nebo spravovaných námi nebo našimi partnery
Sdílíme vaše osobní údaje?
Vaše osobní údaje shromažďujeme a sdílíme v souladu s částí „Jak zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje?“ těchto zásad ochrany osobních údajů. Jakékoli osobní údaje obyvatel Kalifornie třetím stranám za komerčním účelem neprodáváme, a neučinili jsme tak ani v posledních dvanácti měsících.
Jaká jsou vaše práva týkající se osobních údajů, které nám poskytujete, z pohledu zákona CCPA?
Zákon CCPA vám poskytuje zákonná práva týkající se mimo jiné přístupu k osobním údajům, které shromažďujeme, výmazu vašich osobních údajů, nesouhlasu s prodejem vašich osobních údajů, jakož i právo nebýt diskriminován při uplatňování vašich práv podle tohoto zákona.
Vaše práva týkající se osobních údajů, které nám poskytujete, jsou podrobně popsána níže a můžete je uplatnit podáním ověřené žádosti prostřednictvím naší aplikace nebo prostřednictvím našeho zákaznického oddělení na adrese
support@bloomboomcasino.com
. Více informací o tom, jak můžete takovou žádost podat, naleznete v části „Jak podat ověřenou žádost?“ níže.
Právo na informace
Máte právo požadovat, abychom vám poskytli informace o osobních údajích, které shromažďujeme, používáme, zveřejňujeme a prodáváme, anebo jsme tak učinili během posledních dvanácti měsíců. Můžete také požádat, abychom vám poskytli elektronickou kopii následujících údajů:
Kategorie osobních údajů, které shromažďujeme a zpracováváme.
Kategorie zdrojů, z nichž jsme získali vaše osobní údaje.
Náš obchodní nebo komerční účel zpracování vašich osobních údajů
Kategorie třetích stran, se kterými sdílíme vaše osobní údaje.
Upozorňujeme, že tyto informace vám můžeme poskytnout pouze tehdy, pokud nám zašlete ověřenou žádost, jak je vysvětleno v části „Jak podat ověřenou žádost?“ níže.
Právo na výmaz (právo být zapomenut)
Máte právo požadovat, abychom osobní údaje, které jsme od vás nebo ve vztahu k vám nashromáždili, vymazali, ovšem s určitými výjimkami.
Jakmile obdržíme a potvrdíme vaši ověřenou žádost v souladu s níže uvedenou částí „Jak podat ověřenou žádost?“, vaše osobní údaje vymažeme a požádáme naše poskytovatele služeb, aby učinili totéž, pokud se na ně nevztahuje zákonná výjimka.
Vezměte prosím na vědomí, že vaše osobní údaje můžeme vymazat pouze v případě, že nám zašlete ověřenou žádost.
Právo odmítnout prodej vašich osobních údajů
V současné době neprodáváme a ani jsme v posledních dvanácti měsících neprodali žádné vaše osobní údaje třetím stranám za komerčním účelem. Pokud se tato skutečnost kdykoli v budoucnu změní, naše zásady ochrany osobních údajů v tomto směru upravíme a budeme vás o tom informovat, stejně jako vám poskytneme právo takový prodej vašich osobních údajů odmítnout.
Právo nebýt diskriminován při uplatňování vašich práv podle CCPA
Věříme v transparentnost a spravedlnost a bereme na sebe povinnost zajistit, aby vaše práva byla podle zákona CCPA nejen teoreticky přiznána, ale také vymáhána. Svobodně se můžete rozhodnout uplatnit kterékoli ze svých práv, které vám zákon CCPA zaručuje, a my se budeme snažit vám v této věci vyhovět. Buďte si jisti, že uplatňování vašich práv nebude mít žádný negativní dopad na vaši zábavu v aplikaci Bloom Boom Casino. Musíme vás však upozornit, že žádost o výmaz vede k uzavření vašeho účtu.
Další práva
Máte rovněž právo určit oprávněného zástupce, který podá žádost a uplatní vaše práva podle CCPA vaším jménem. Aby byl váš oprávněný zástupce oprávněn jednat vaším jménem, musí podat ověřenou žádost, jak je popsáno v části „Jak podat ověřenou žádost?“ níže, a poskytnout nám písemné svolení, kterým prokáže, že je vaším jménem oprávněn jednat.
Jak mohu podat ověřenou žádost?
Abyste mohli uplatňovat svá práva podle zákona CCPA, musíte podat ověřenou žádost. Ověřenou žádost nám můžete zaslat dvěma způsoby:
·
Prostřednictvím aplikace Bloom Boom Casino.
Ta nám automaticky předá vaše ID hráče a pomůže nám ověřit vaši totožnost. Ve své žádosti prosím uveďte, že se jedná o CCPA, abychom vaši žádost snáze pochopili.
·
Prostřednictvím e-mailu
support@BloomBoomcasino.com
.
Naše týmy nebo pověřenec pro ochranu osobních údajů se případnou žádostí budou zabývat s náležitou pozorností. Když se nám rozhodnete takovou žádost poslat, uveďte prosím své ID hráče a uveďte, že se jedná o CCPA, abychom vaší žádosti snáze porozuměli.
Abychom mohli vaši žádost vyřídit co nejrychleji, vezměte prosím v úvahu následující skutečnosti:
·       Je důležité, abyste uvedli dostatek informací, které nám pomohou pochopit, co od nás žádáte. Pokud například chcete, abychom vaše údaje vymazali, sdělte nám to. Pokud chcete požádat o kopii svých údajů, sdělte nám to.
·       Před vyřízením jakékoli žádosti můžeme požadovat ověření vaší totožnosti. Rozsah dalších osobních údajů, které od vás budeme potřebovat k vyřízení vaší žádosti, se ovšem budeme snažit omezit.
·       Žádost o uplatnění vašich práv podle CCPA můžeme zamítnout, zejména pokud nejsme schopni ověřit vaši totožnost nebo pokud takovou žádost podáte více než dvakrát během dvanácti měsíců.
·       Jsme oprávněni vám účtovat přiměřený poplatek, pokud jsou vaše žádosti zjevně neopodstatněné, nepřiměřenénebo se opakují.
Uděláme vše pro to, abychom na vaši žádost odpověděli co nejrychleji, ale může se stát, že jiné zákonné povinnosti nebo práva a procesy třetích stran tento proces zpomalí. V závislosti na povaze žádosti od nás obdržíte odpověď ve lhůtě 45 dnů, která může být prodloužena o dalších 45 nebo 90 dnů z důvodu složitosti nebo počtu žádostí, kterými se v určitém období zabýváme.
Pokud se rozhodnete využít služeb oprávněného zástupce, bude muset žádost spolu s oprávněním podat osobně oprávněný zástupce.
Další důležité informace
Bloom Boom Casino je zábavní aplikace, která je určena pouze pro osoby starší 18 let. Osobní údaje od dětí mladších 18 let vědomě neshromažďujeme. Děti mladší 18 let by naši aplikaci neměly v žádném případě používat. Pokud zjistíme, že nám osoba mladší 18 let poskytla osobní údaje, podnikneme patřičné kroky k jejich co nejrychlejšímu odstranění.
Budeme naše zásady ochrany osobních údajů aktualizovat?
Aktuální verze našich zásad ochrany osobních údajů je datována k 1. 1. 2022. Naše zásady a procesy neustále rozšiřujeme a zdokonalujeme, abychom byli schopni zaručit nejvyšší standardy ochrany a zabezpečení vašich osobních údajů. V souladu s našimi hodnotami a zásadami jsme odhodláni se v tomto směru dále vyvíjet a zlepšovat, a o všech změnách našich zásad ochrany osobních údajů, které se vás přímo týkají, vás budeme samozřejmě informovat.
Kontaktujte nás:
My, společnost Funstage GmbH, registrovaná v Rakousku pod číslem 258215d, přebíráme roli správce údajů odpovědného za zpracování vašich osobních údajů získaných prostřednictvím aplikace Bloom Boom Casino. Jinými slovy, jsme právním subjektem, který určuje, proč a jakým způsobem dochází ke zpracování vašich osobních údajů, a to za účelem, abyste si mohli s naší aplikací užívat plnohodnotnou zábavu.
Můžete nás kontaktovat e-mailem na adrese
support@bloomboomcasino.com
nebo poštou na adrese Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Vídeň, Rakousko. Pokud se chcete obrátit přímo na našeho pověřence pro ochranu osobních údajů, a to i v případě žádostí, dotazů nebo obav týkajících se našich zásad ochrany osobních údajů, kontaktujte nás prosím písemně na adrese
dpo@greentube.com
.
Britští občané, kteří používají naši aplikaci, nás mohou kontaktovat také prostřednictvím našeho britského zástupce pro GDPR, společnosti Greentube UK Limited, která sídlí na adrese Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, Velká Británie, nebo prostřednictvím e-mailu na adrese
dpo.uk@greentube.com
.
‍
Az adatvédelem és az Ön személyes adatainak biztonsága fontos számunkra. Ez az Adatvédelmi Irányelv leírja, hogy miként kezeljük az Ön által részünkre a Bloom Boom Casino alkalmazásban (az „Alkalmazás”) megadott személyes adatait és segítjük Önt annak megértésében, hogy milyen személyes adatokat kérünk és/vagy kapunk Öntől, miért kérjük és/vagy kapjuk, mire használjuk fel és meddig őrizzük meg ezeket.
Amennyiben Ön Kalifornia államban lakik, kérjük, hogy tekintse meg az Önre vonatkozó CCPA Privacy Policy részt a jelen Adatvédelmi Irányelvben.
Kérjük, ne feledje, hogy ez az Adatvédelmi Irányelv akkor is vonatkozik Önre, ha nem rendelkezik fiókkal a Bloom Boom Casino oldalain, de vendégként használja az Alkalmazást, vagy úgy dönt, felveszi velünk a kapcsolatot az Alkalmazáson keresztül vagy bármely más kapcsolattartási mód révén.
Mi az adatfeldolgozás?
Adatvédelmi Irányelvünk a köré a tény köré épül, mely szerint feldolgozzuk az Ön személyes adatait. Mit jelent ez? Azt jelenti, hogy az Ön által részünkre megadott személyes adatokat gyűjtjük, és különböző műveleteket végzünk ezekkel, például adatfelvétel, rendszerezés, tárolás, hozzáigazítás vagy átalakítás, lekérdezés, konzultáció, felhasználás, továbbítás, korlátozás, törlés vagy megsemmisítés.
Eközben ügyelünk arra, hogy betartsuk az adatvédelemre vonatkozó összes jogi követelményt, többek között ideértve az EU általános adatvédelmi rendeletét („GDPR”), az osztrák adatvédelmi törvényt (DSG) és ahol ez értelmezhető, a 2018. évi kaliforniai fogyasztói adatvédelmi törvényt (California Consumer Privacy Act, „CCPA”).
Milyen személyes adatokat dolgozunk fel?
Szolgáltatásaink Alkalmazáson keresztüli nyújtása érdekében fel kell dolgoznunk személyes adatait. Az általunk gyűjtött személyes adatok típusai az Ön tevékenységeitől függenek és attól, ahogyan szolgáltatásainkat igénybe veszi, és ezek a következők:
Adatok, amelyeket Ön ad meg Alkalmazásunkon belül a fiók létrehozása során vagy a fiókkal összefüggésben
, ami magában foglalja többek között a következőket:
·       E-mail cím;
Alkalmazás tevékenységi adatok
, többek között ide tartoznak:
·       Eszköz adatai;
·       Forrás és cél adatok;
·       Felhasználónév, játékos azonosító, fiók felhasználónév és jelszó, játékbeli tranzakciók;
·       Online fizetés adatai;
·       Az Ügyfélszolgálatunkkal közölt adatok azért, hogy Önt támogathassuk és fejleszthessük a támogatás színvonalát (ideértve az e-maileket és telefonhívásokat is);
·       A fenti tevékenységekkel kapcsolatos adatok a vendég felhasználók esetében anonim módon kerülnek feldolgozásra.
Olyan harmadik felek által megadott adatok,
amelyek akkor kapják meg az Ön adatait, amikor felkeresi vagy használja szolgáltatásaikat, és ők már rendelkeznek az Ön engedélyével adatai velünk történő megosztására vonatkozóan, mert azt kérjük partnereinktől, hogy rendelkezzenek törvényes joggal az Ön adatainak gyűjtésére, felhasználására és megosztására vonatkozóan, mielőtt átadnák nekünk ezeket. Ebbe beleértjük például a közösségi oldalakat és ahol van rá mód, a különböző mobil alkalmazásokat.
Kérjük, ne feledje, hogy a törvény nem írja elő az Ön számára adatai rendelkezésünkre bocsátását. Mindazonáltal ahhoz, hogy fiókot tudjon regisztrálni Alkalmazásunkon keresztül, meg kell adnia az összes kötelezőként megjelölt adatot. Ezek nélkül az adatok nélkül nem tudunk szerződéses jogviszonyt létrehozni Önnek, ami azt jelenti, hogy nem élvezheti szolgáltatásaink előnyeit.
Miért dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait?
Személyes adatai feldolgozásánál elsődleges célunk szolgáltatásunk biztosítása az Ön számára. Pontosabban e cél elérése érdekében fel kell dolgoznunk személyes adatait, a következők érdekében:
1.     Az Alkalmazást működőképessé és az Ön számára hasznossá tétele, beleértve a beállítást és fiókja használatát.
2.     Ügyeljen személyes adatai pontosságára, elsősorban saját védelme, de az életkor hitelesítése, a csalások és visszaélések megelőzése, az üzleti kockázatok csökkentése és játékaink integritásának védelme érdekében is. Ehhez bizonyos mértékben félautomata profilírozást használhatunk az Ön regisztrációja és szerencsejátékosi tevékenységének adatai alapján.
3.     Az Alkalmazás szerződési feltételeinek teljesítése.
4.     A vállalat törvényi kötelezettségeinek teljesítése.
5.     Harmadik fél fizetési szolgáltató és/vagy pénzintézet részvételét igénylő online fizetési folyamatok.
6.     A legjobb ügyfélszolgálat biztosítása az Ön számára.
7.     Minden vonatkozó törvény és jogszabályi kötelezettség – például fogyasztóvédelmi és pénzügyi rendeletek szerinti megfelelés.
8.     Az Ön és a közönség védelme, adatvédelem és biztonság; valamint ha szükséges, jogaink, adataink, biztonságunk vagy tulajdonunk megóvása, érvényesítése, védelme; vagy üzleti kockázatkezelés céljából.
9.     Alkalmazásunk biztonságának növelése, szolgáltatásainak és funkcióinak fejlesztése. Ez a szolgáltatások, funkciók és ajánlások részleges testre szabásával járhat, kutatások és felmérések elvégzésével, Öntől opcionális visszajelzés kérésével, és belső továbbképzések biztosításával.
10.  Bármely esetleges üzleti, szervezeti változás végrehajtása és befejezése, például egyesülés, felvásárlás, eszközök átadása vagy értékesítése. A vállalat vagy eszközök részben agy egészben történő értékesítése esetén, vagy ha egyesítésben, felvásárlásban vagy átadásban veszünk részt, akkor felfedhetjük és átadhatjuk személyes adatait más, az üzleti tranzakcióban érintett feleknek. Amennyiben ilyen eset állna elő, megfelelő módon és időben tájékoztatjuk.
11.  Opcionális lehetőségként, csak az Ön kifejezett engedélyével: testre szabott, az Ön érdeklődésének és elvárásainak megfelelő marketing kommunikáció és/vagy olyan általános jellegű, illetve részben az Ön szerencsejátékok terén tett utazásain alapuló, és/vagy testre szabható direkt marketing kommunikáció biztosítása a következőköb keresztül: e-mail, instant üzenetek, chat-ek, SMS, telefon és/vagy közösségi oldalak.
Minden adatfeldolgozást a lehető legjobban leegyszerűsítünk, és magunkra vállaljuk, hogy személyes adatait semmi másra nem használjuk, mint a fentiekben meghatározott célok. Amennyiben az adatokat más céllal és/vagy más felek közreműködésével dolgozzuk fel, tájékoztatjuk Önt.
Milyen jogalapra hivatkozva dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait?
Az Ön személyes adatainak feldolgozását alátámasztó jogalapunk erősen függ a feldolgozási tevékenységtől, és változó lehet az Ön által használt szolgáltatástól függően.
Általában a következő jogalapra hivatkozva dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait:
1.
Szerződéses kötelezettségek teljesítése Ön felé
. Azért dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait, hogy teljesítsük az Alkalmazásunk szerződési feltételeit, mivel adatai feldolgozása szükséges Alkalmazásunk biztosításához. Enélkül nem lennénk képesek szolgáltatásainkat nyújtani, és Ön nem élvezhetné az Alkalmazás nyújtotta szórakozást.
2.
Jogi kötelezettségeink teljesítése.
Személyes adatait azért dolgozzuk fel, hogy eleget tegyünk a vonatkozó nemzeti és nemzetközi szintű, egyebek mellett a fogyasztók védelmére, a pénzügyi kötelezettségekre és adatvédelemre vonatkozó törvényeknek és rendeleteknek.
3.
Jogos érdekeink.
Személyes adatait jogos érdekeink alapján dolgozzuk fel, amely magában foglalja az üzleti kockázatok kezelését és termékeink integritásának védelmét. A jogos érdekek alapján folytatott adatfeldolgozás során mindent elkövetünk az összes megfelelő intézkedés megtétele érdekében, hogy védjük a személyes adataihoz fűződő jogait, és hogy úgy biztosítsuk az egyensúlyt a mi érdekeink és az Ön érdekei között, hogy az Ön adatait szigorúan csak a szükséges korlátok között dolgozzuk fel.
4.
Az Ön beleegyezése.
Személyes adatait csak akkor dolgozzuk fel, ha Ön jóváhagyta azt a konkrét feldolgozási tevékenységet, amelyhez beleegyezése szükséges. Belegyezése hiányában le fogjuk állítani az Ön személyes adatainak további feldolgozását ennek a konkrét jogalapnak a vonatkozásában, azonban ez nem fogja érinteni az Ön beleegyezésének visszavonása előtti feldolgozás törvényességét. Beleegyezése nélkül nem fogunk általános jellegű és/vagy testre szabott ajánlatokat és marketing anyagokat küldeni.
Hogyan dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait?
Személyes adatait részben vagy egészben automatizált elektromos eszközökkel dolgozzuk fel, és megfelelő biztonsági intézkedéseket foganatosítunk védelmük érdekében, amelyeket a legszigorúbb nemzetközi szabványoknak megfelelően alakítunk ki és tartunk fenn. Azok a tevékenységeknél, amelyek jelentős jogi következményeket vonnak maguk után, mindig emberi beavatkozásra kerül sor, például a profilkészítés alapján hozott döntéseknél és/vagy a végleges döntések meghozásánál.
Megosztjuk az Ön személyes adatait?
Csak akkor osztjuk meg személyes adatait harmadik felekkel, amikor ez szükséges olyan szolgáltatások biztosításához, amelyeket kötelesek vagyunk nyújtani Önnek, ha Ön beleegyezett személyes adatai megosztásába; vagy ha törvény, bírósági döntés vagy legalább egy másik hatóság igénylése kötelez bennünket.
Más szavakkal az adatok ezekkel a korlátozásokkal oszthatók meg:
·       Munkavállalóinkkal és/vagy a feldolgozásért és az adatok biztonságáért felelős együttműködő személyekkel, és azokkal, akiknél a munkavállalásra és/vagy a velünk folytatott együttműködésre kötelező érvényű titoktartási kötelezettség vonatkozik, valamint megfelelő szabványok az adatok védelme és az adatvédelem vonatkozásában.
·       Anyacégünkkel, testvérvállalatainkkal és más harmadik fél szolgáltatókkal, amelyek hozzájárulnak szolgáltatásaink nyújtásához szerződési feltételeinknek megfelelően, ide tartoznak többek között a pénzforgalmi szolgáltatók, a marketing szolgáltatások nyújtói és a jogi szolgáltatásokat nyújtók.
Harmadik felek személyes adataihoz hozzáférése a számukra funkciójuk nevünkben történő betöltéséhez szükséges személyes adatokra korlátozódik, vagy a törvény által előírt mértékre. Az adatok megosztására titoktartás vonatkozik és személyes adatainak partnereink általi törvényes és biztonságos feldolgozása megfelelő biztosítékokat igényel.
Továbbítjuk személyes adatait külföldre?
Az adatok korlátozás nélkül továbbíthatók az Európai Gazdasági Térség („European Economic Area, EEA”) területén belül. Személyes adatait nem fogjuk az Európai Gazdasági Térségen kívülre továbbítani megfelelő, adatai védelmét szolgáló óvintézkedések nélkül, a GDPR által bevezetett magas szintű szabványokat követjük.
A világszinten a legmagasabb szintű adatvédelmi szabványt szem előtt tartva az Európai Unió az Európai Bizottságon keresztül elismeri, hogy bizonyos
EEA-n kívüli államok
képesek megfelelő szintű védelmet nyújtani. Igazolt esetekben mi is biztonságosnak tekintjük ezeket az országokat az adatok továbbítása szempontjából.
Az adatok az Európai Bizottság szerint nem megfelelőnek tekintett országokba történő továbbítása esetén magunkra vállaljuk a megfelelő óvintézkedések megtételét az adatok adatvédelmi előírásoknak megfelelő védelme érdekében oly módon, hogy a partnereinkkel megkötött szerződésekbe belefoglaljuk a számukra elküldött adatokra vonatkozóan a megfelelő szintű védelem garantálását.
Ilyen feltételek mellett az Ön által nekünk megadott személyes adatok feldolgozhatók az EEA térségen kívül az Alkalmazás bizonyos funkcióinak biztosítása érdekében a következők szerint:
·       Az adatok némelyike feldolgozható az USA-ban, az Ön által választott fizetési szolgáltatótól valamint a fizetési szolgáltató által vállalt tevékenységektől függően. Az Ön személyes adatainak a fizetési szolgáltatók általi feldolgozásáról bővebb információkat a szolgáltatók erre vonatkozó adatvédelmi irányelveiben talál.
·       Az adatok némelyike feldolgozható az USA-ban marketing kommunikációs célból.
Itt
találhat további információt arra vonatkozóan, hogy ilyen esetben hogyan dolgozzák fel az Ön személyes adatait.
·       Az adatok némelyike feldolgozható az USA-ban a Google Analytics használatunknak köszönhetően. Az Ön személyes adatainak a Google Analytics általi feldolgozásáról bővebb információkat saját
adatvédelmi irányelvükben
talál.
Meddig őrizzük meg személyes adatait?
Törekszünk arra, hogy ne tároljon személyes adatait a szükségesnél hosszabb ideig, hanem kizárólag a szerződéses kötelezettségeink teljesítéséhez vagy a jogos vállalati célok érdekében. Adatai megőrzésének és/vagy használatának időtartama olyan aspektusoktól függ, mint például az adatok jellege, a gyűjtés és feldolgozás oka, valamint a vonatkozó jogi és működési szempontok miatti megőrzési igény.
A következő időszakok és szempontok érvényesülnek, kivéve ha a törvény ettől eltérő időszakot ír elő vagy engedélyez, illetve ha nyomós okunk van azt hinni, hogy más időtartam szükséges:
·       Az Alkalmazás szolgáltatásainak nyújtásával kapcsolatos célok miatt gyűjtött adatok, és ahol kötelezettségünk áll fenn a szerződési feltételeknek megfelelően nyújtandó szolgáltatásokra (a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvek „Miért dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait?” részének 1-10 pontjai), ott az adatokat addig őrizzük meg és használjuk, amíg szolgáltatásainkat biztosítjuk az Ön számára. Továbbá a szolgáltatások megszűnése után a konkrét törvények által előírt vagy engedélyezett megőrzési ideig tartjuk meg ezeket az adatokat.
·       A marketing céljából gyűjtött adatok (a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvek „Miért dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait?” részének 9. pontja) esetén addig őrizzük meg az adatokat, ameddig az Alkalmazás szolgáltatásait nyújtjuk, és ameddig szolgáltatási kötelezettségünk áll fenn a szerződési feltételek értelmében.
Milyen jogok illetik meg Önt a nekünk átadott személyes adatai kapcsán?
Önt törvényben rögzített jogok illetik meg az adatok hozzáférése, helyesbítése, törlése, feldolgozásuk korlátozása és kifogásolása, és többek között az adatok hordozhatósága terén. Ráadásul Ön bármikor visszavonhatja az adok feldolgozásához megadott beleegyezését, és jogában áll panaszt benyújtani a felügyelő hatósághoz.
A személyes adatokkal kapcsolatban Önt megillető jogokról részletesen olvashat az alábbiakban, a jogokat az Ügyfélszolgálaton keresztül gyakorolhatja, elérhetőségük:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
.
Hozzáférési jog
Ön világos és átlátható hozzáférést kérhet a személyére vonatkozó, általunk feldolgozott adatokra, valamint személyes adatai feldolgozásának módjára vonatkozóan, és másolatot is kérhet minden általunk tárolt adatáról. Ezeknek az adatoknak egy része szerepel a fiókjában is.
Helyesbítéshez való jog
Igyekszünk személyes adatait pontos és naprakész állapotban tartani. Önnek jogában áll igényelni, hogy helyesbítsük és/vagy egészítsük ki bármely téves vagy nem teljes személyes adatát.
Törléshez való jog
Kérésére törölni fogjuk az Önhöz tartozó, általunk feldolgozott személyes adatokat. Azonban ne feledje, ez az Ön számára általunk nyújtott szolgáltatások megszüntetését eredményezheti, vagyis előfordulhat, hogy a továbbiakban már nem élvezheti az Alkalmazás által nyújtott szórakoztató élményt.
Az adatkezelés korlátozására vonatkozó jog
Bizonyos esetekben és megalapozott okok fennállásakor kérheti személyes adatai feldolgozásának korlátozását, ami tartósan vagy átmenetileg korlátozhatja személyes adatai használatának lehetőségét anélkül, hogy törölni kellene azokat. De ne feledje, hogy ilyen esetekben előfordulhat, hogy nem tudjuk tovább biztosítani teljes körűen a szolgáltatásainkat.
Adathordozhatósághoz való jog
Kérésére elektronikus formában másolatot adunk Önnek az Ön által a regisztráció idején megadott személyes adatairól. Amennyire ez technikailag lehetséges, átadhatjuk ezt a másolatot egy másik szolgáltatónak.
Tiltakozáshoz való jog
Bizonyos körülmények között, például amikor személyes adatait direkt marketing vagy profil készítése céljából dolgozzuk fel, Önnek jogában áll bármikor kifogást emelni ellene. Más szavakkal, amikor személyes adatai feldolgozása az Ön beleegyezésén alapul, bármikor visszavonhatja a nekünk megadott beleegyezését. A beleegyezését az Alkalmazásunkban fiókja beállításai között módosíthatja.
Panasztételhez való jog
Önnek jogában áll panaszt benyújtani az országában az adatvédelmi kérdéseket kezelő felügyeleti hatóságnál, vagy az osztrák adatvédelmi hatóságnál (Datenschutz Behörde).
Brit állampolgárok esetén az adatvédelemmel foglalkozó hatóság az Adatvédelmi biztos irodája (Information Commissioner’s Office), amely
itt
érhető el.
Hogyan gyakorolhatja jogait nekünk átadott személyes adatai kapcsán?
Az Ön által nekünk megadott személyes adatokkal kapcsolatos jogainak gyakorlása – kivéve a panasztételhez való jogot – rendes körülmények között díjmentes, és gyakorlásuk az Ügyfélszolgálatunknak erre a címre:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
küldött igénylés útján történik.
Minden tőlünk telhetőt megteszünk, hogy a lehető leggyorsabban válaszoljunk megkeresésére, de előfordulhat, hogy egyéb jogi kötelezettségek vagy harmadik felek jogai és folyamatai lelassítják az eljárást. Kérése jellegétől függően egy hónapon belül választ fog kapni tőlünk, amely további két hónappal meghosszabbítható az igények összetettsége és az adott időn belül kezelt igények száma miatt.
Kérjük ne feledje, hogy nyomós ok fennállása esetén megtagadhatjuk kérését vagy észszerű mértékű díjat számíthatunk fel, ha az többször ismétlődik, megalapozatlan vagy túlzott mértékű.
Biztonságban vannak nálunk személyes adatai?
A biztonságot nagyon komolyan vesszük, és elkötelezettek vagyunk a személyi adatai biztonságát szolgáló legszigorúbb szabványok betartása mellett. Arra törekszünk, hogy irányelveinket és folyamatainkat az adatbiztonságra vonatkozó legelfogadottabb nemzetközi követelményeknek megfelelően valósítsuk meg és tartsuk fenn, és ügyelünk rá, hogy minden munkavállalónk és együttműködő partnerünk kövesse ezeket, hogy megelőzzük a jogosulatlan vagy törvénytelen adatfeldolgozást, véletlen elvesztést, megsemmisítést vagy károsodást. Így eljárva nem küszöbölhető ki, de jelentős mértékben csökkenthető az összes kockázat, ami csökkenti az adatvédelmi incidensek valószínűségét. Azonban ha mégis bekövetkezik egy kevéssé valószínű adatvédelmi incidens, nem csak hatásának időbeni értékelésére és csökkentésére törekszünk, de arra is ügyelünk, hogy értesítsük Önt, amennyiben személyes adatait érintette az adatvédelmi incidens.
A Bloom Boom Casino oldalai tartalmazhatnak partner hálózataihoz vagy harmadik felek weboldalaira/alkalmazásaira mutató linkeket. Ha Ön rákattint bármelyik weboldal/alkalmazás linkjére, ne feledje, hogy azok a mi ellenőrzésünk nélkül dolgozzák fel személyes adatait, saját adatvédelmi irányelveikkel és feltételeikkel összhangban. Javasoljuk, hogy tekintse meg ezeket az irányelveket és feltételeket, mielőtt elfogadná ezeket és bármilyen információt elküldene részükre.
CCPA Adatkezelési irányelv
Adatvédelmi irányelveinknek ebben a részében (a „CCPA rész”) azokkal a felhasználókkal foglalkozunk, akik Kalifornia állam lakosai, akikre a kaliforniai fogyasztói adatvédelmi törvény (California Consumer Privacy Act, „CCPA”) vonatkozik. Ez a CCPA-ról szóló rész leírja, hogyan gyűjtjük a személyes adatokat és védjük az Ön jogait a CCPA-nak megfelelően. Ha Ön nem Kalifornia állam lakosa, akkor ez a CCPA rész Önre nem vonatkozik.
Az adatvédelmi irányelvek CCPA részében a szakkifejezések jelentése megegyezik adatvédelmi irányelveink többi részében használtakkal, vagy a CCPA szerinti meghatározással.
Milyen személyes adatokat gyűjtünk?
A CCPA követelményeinek megfelelően átlátható módon gyűjtjük személyes adatait. Mit jelent ez? Azt jelenti, hogy ha veszünk, bérlünk, gyűjtünk, kapunk vagy bármely módon hozzáférünk olyan adatokhoz, amelyek azonosítják – közvetve vagy közvetlenül – Önt vagy háztartását, kapcsolódnak Önhöz, összefüggésbe hozható vagy észszerűen összekapcsolható Önnel, akkor tájékoztatjuk Önt.
Az általunk gyűjtött személyes adatok kategóriáit és ezek forrását, ahonnan ezeket megkapjuk, az alábbi táblázatban ismertetjük. A CCPA értelmében a személyes adatoknak ezeket a kategóriái nem foglalják magukban a nyilvánosan elérhető adatokat, vagy más szavakkal, azokat az adatokat, amelyeket törvényesen elérhetővé tettek szövetségi, állami vagy helyi önkormányzati feljegyzésekből.
Személyes adatok kategóriái
Forrás
Alkalmazás tevékenység adat
(például: álnév, egyedi személyes azonosító, online azonosító, IP cím, eszköz vagy WiFi helye)
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram;
Harmadik felek, többek között a Google Analytics, a Google Firebase, az Adjust, az Optimove, a Sendgrid, és az Xtremepush.
Személyes adatok Kalifornia Polgári Törvénykönyvének 1798.80(e) pontja (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)) szerint
(Például: név)
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram.
Kereskedelmi adatok
(Például saját ingatlanra, megvásárolt, kapott vagy fontolóra vett termékekre vagy szolgáltatásokra vonatkozó adatok, vagy más vásárlási vagy fogyasztási előzmények és tendenciák)
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram;
·       Harmadik felek, többek között a Google Analytics, a Google Firebase, az Adjust, és az Optimove.
Internetes vagy egyéb elektronikus hálózaton folytatott tevékenységre vonatkozó adatok
(Például böngészési előzmények, keresési előzmények, és adatok az Alkalmazással folytatott interakciójáról)
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram;
Harmadik felek, többek között a Google Analytics, a Google Firebase, az Adjust, és az Optimove.
Földrajzi hely adatai
(például: IP cím)
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram;
Harmadik felek, többek között a Google Analytics, a Google Firebase, az Adjust, az Optimove, a Sendgrid, és az Xtremepush.
Elektronikus adatok
(Például: ez a kategória magában foglalja a játék folytatása érdekében az eszközzel folytatott interakcióját)
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram;
Harmadik felek, többek között a Google Analytics, a Google Firebase, az Adjust, és az Optimove.
A fentiekből levont következtetések
Játékosaink és fogyasztóink, akik hozzáférnek Alkalmazásunkhoz és saját eszközeikhez;
Közösségi oldalak, többek között a Facebook és az Instagram;
Harmadik felek, többek között a Google Analytics, a Google Firebase, az Adjust, és az Optimove.
Miért gyűjtjük személyes adatait?
Az Ön által nekünk megadott személyes adatokat a CCPA-nak megfelelően és a következő okok miatt gyűjtjük:
-        Játékosi fiókja létrehozásához, és hogy élvezhesse a játékokat Alkalmazásunkban.
-        Játékaink és szolgáltatásaink Ön számára elérhetővé tétele érdekében, a szerződési feltételeknek megfelelően.
-        Játékaink fejlesztése és optimalizálása, az Ön Alkalmazásunkon keresztül tapasztalt élménye érdekében
-        Hogy lehetővé tegyük kommunikációját a többi játékossal.
-        Játékaink, Alkalmazásunk és a vállalat általános biztonságának védelméért (például hibakeresés, auditálás és tesztelés).
-        Kutatás és fejlesztés céljából, beleértve a játék és a funkciók fejlesztését, tökéletesítését, optimalizálását és finomítását.
-        Jogaink és tulajdonunk védelme érdekében játékainkkal való összefüggésben, valamint jogi kötelezettségeink teljesítése, az Ön és bármely más játékos közötti vita megoldása, megállapodásaink harmadik felekkel szembeni érvényesítése érdekében.
-        Csalások és/vagy esetleges illegális tevékenységek megelőzéséért, szerződési feltételeink érvényesítéséért.
-        A játékosok szolgáltatásai és támogatása érdekében, hogy biztosítsuk termékeink magas színvonalát és megoldjuk kéréseit.
-        Az Önnek a játékon belüli frissítések és értesítések nyújtása, új játékok és véleményünk szerint Önt érdeklő promóciós ajánlatok nyújtása érdekében.
-        A testre szabott hirdetés és marketing kezelés és célba juttatása érdekében (például ügyfelek megszerzése és direkt marketinges közlemények).
-        Promóciós tevékenységek illetve általunk szponzorált vagy kezelt események szervezéséért.
Megosztjuk az Ön személyes adatait?
Személyes adatait a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvek „Hogyan dolgozzuk fel személyes adatait?” részének megfelelően gyűjtjük és osztjuk meg. Nem árultuk és nem adtuk el kaliforniai lakosok személyes adatait harmadik feleknek kereskedelmi célból az utóbbi tizenkét hónapban.
Milyen jogok illetik meg Önt a nekünk átadott személyes adatai kapcsán a CCPA-val összhangban?
Önt jogok illetik meg a CCPA-ból kifolyólag az általunk gyűjtött személyes adatokhoz való hozzáférést, személyes adatai törlését, személyes adatai értékesítésének kifogásolását valamint a diszkrimináció kizárását illetően, többek között a CCPA értelmében Önt megillető jogok gyakorlásának köszönhetően.
Az Ön által részünkre átadott személyes adatait illető jogait az alábbiakban részletezzük, ezeket hitelesített kérelem készítésével gyakorolhatja Alkalmazásunkon vagy Ügyfélszolgálatunkon keresztül, ezen a címen:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
. További információk az ilyen kérelem elkészítéséről az alábbi, „Hogyan nyújtsak be hitelesített kérelmet?” részben találhatók.
Megismeréshez való jog
Önnek jogában áll igényelni, hogy adjunk tájékoztatást általunk gyűjtött, felhasznált, közzétett és eladott személyes adatokról és/vagy az utóbbi tizenkét hónapban végzett hasonló műveletekről. Azt is igényelheti, hogy elektronikus formában másolatot adjunk a következőkről:
Az általunk gyűjtött és feldolgozott személyes információk kategóriái.
A kategóriák forrásai, ahonnan az Ön személyes adatait megkaptuk.
Üzleti vagy kereskedelmi célunk az Ön személyes adatai feldolgozásával kapcsolatban.
Azoknak a harmadik feleknek a kategóriái, akikkel megosztjuk személyes adatait.
Kérjük, ne feledje, hogy csak akkor tudjuk megadni Önnek ezeket az adatokat, ha hitelesített kérelmet nyújt be az alábbi „Hogyan nyújtsak be hitelesített kérelmet?” részben ismertetett módon.
Törléshez való jog (elfeledtetéshez való jog)
Néhány kivételtől eltekintve Önnek jogában áll igényelni, hogy töröljük az Öntől vagy Önre vonatkozóan begyűjtött személyes adatokat.
Amint megkapjuk és megerősítjük az Ön hitelesített kérelmét az alábbi „Hogyan nyújtsak be hitelesített kérelmet?” részben foglaltaknak megfelelően, törölni fogjuk személyes adatait, és fel fogjuk kérni szolgáltatóinkat, hogy ők is tegyék ezt, kivéve ha törvényben foglalt kivétel érvényesül.
Kérjük, ne feledje, hogy csak akkor tudjuk törölni személyes adatait, ha hitelesített kérelmet nyújt be hozzánk.
Jog a kimaradáshoz személyes adatai értékesítéséből
Jelenleg nem áruljuk és az utóbbi tizenkét hónapban sem adtuk el személyes adatai egyikét sem harmadik feleknek kereskedelmi célból. Amennyiben ez bármikor változik a jövőben, módosítani fogjuk Adatvédelmi irányelvünket és megfelelően tájékoztatni fogjuk Önt, és lehetőséget fogunk adni személyes adatai ilyen értékesítéséből történő kimaradásra.
A megkülönböztetés tilalma: a CCPA értelmében Önt megillető jogok
Hiszünk az átláthatóságban és a tisztességes bánásmódban, ezért vállaljuk annak biztosítását, hogy a CCPA-val összhangban Önt megillető jogokat nem csak elméletileg biztosítjuk, hanem érvényesítjük is. Ön szabadon gyakorolhatja jogait és bátorítjuk jogai CCPA szerinti gyakorlására, és mi minden tőlünk telhetőt megteszünk a megfelelőség elérése érdekében. Legyen nyugodt, jogai gyakorlása nem fog negatív hatást gyakorolni a Bloom Boom Casino-nál szerzett szórakoztató élményeire. Azonban ne feledje, hogy a törlési kérelem fiókja lezárását eredményezi.
Egyéb jogok
Ahhoz is joga van, hogy meghatalmazott képviselőt jelöljön ki a kérelem benyújtására, és gyakorolja a CCPA értelmében Önt megillető jogokat az Ön nevében. Ahhoz, hogy az Ön nevében meghatalmazottként eljárhasson, a képviselőnek hitelesített kérelmet kell benyújtania az alábbi „Hogyan nyújtsak be hitelesített kérelmet?” részben ismertetett módon, és írásos engedéllyel kell rendelkeznie, ami bizonyítja, hogy jogában áll eljárni az Ön képviseletében.
Hogyan nyújtsak be hitelesített kérelmet?
A CCPA értelmében Önt megillető jogok gyakorlása érdekében Önnek hitelesített kérelmet kell benyújtania.
Két módon küldhet nekünk hitelesített kérelmet:
·
A Bloom Boom Casino Alkalmazáson keresztül.
Ez automatikusan átadja az Ön játékos azonosítóját, és segít nekünk ellenőrizni az Ön személyazonosságát. Kérjük, hogy kérelmében jelezze a „CCPA”-t, így könnyebben megértjük kérését..
·
E-mailben a
support@BloomBoomcasino.com
címre.
Csapataink és/vagy adatvédelmi tisztviselőnk minden megkeresést kellő figyelemmel kezel. Amikor beküld nekünk egy ilyen kérelmet, kérjük, tüntesse fel benne saját játékos azonosítóját és a „CCPA” azonosítót, hogy könnyebben megérthessük kérését.
Annak érdekében, hogy a lehető leghamarabb kezelni tudjuk kérését, kérjük vegye figyelembe a következőket:
·       Fontos, hogy elegendő információt közöljön, hogy megérthessük, mit szeretne kérni tőlünk. Például ha töröltetni akarja az adatait, akkor ezt közölje velünk. Ha másolatot szeretne adatairól, kérjük, jelezze ezt nekünk.
·       Bármely kérelem feldolgozása előtt szüksége lehet saját személyazonossága igazolására. Próbáljuk korlátozni a további személyes adatokat, amelyeket kérése feldolgozása érdekében gyűjtünk.
·       Előfordulhat, hogy visszautasíthatjuk a CCPA értelmében fennálló jogai gyakorlására irányuló kérését, különösen, ha nem sikerül igazolnunk személyazonosságát, vagy ha ilyen kéréssel tizenkét hónapon belül két alkalomnál többször fordul hozzánk.
·       Jogunkban áll észszerű mértékű díjat felszámítani Önnek, ha kérései nyilvánvalóan megalapozatlanok, túlzóak vagy ismétlődnek.
Minden tőlünk telhetőt megteszünk, hogy a lehető leggyorsabban válaszoljunk megkeresésére, de előfordulhat, hogy egyéb jogi kötelezettségek vagy harmadik felek jogai és folyamatai lelassítják az eljárást. Kérése jellegétől függően 45 napon belül választ fog kapni tőlünk, amely további 45 vagy 90 nappal meghosszabbítható az igények összetettsége és az adott időn belül kezelt igények száma miatt.
Ha meghatalmazott képviselő útján jár el, a meghatalmazott képviselőnek kell benyújtania hitelesített kérelmet, a meghatalmazásra vonatkozó bizonyítékkal együtt.
További fontos tájékoztatás
A Bloom Boom Casino kizárólag 18 éves vagy idősebb személyek szórakoztatását szolgálja. Tudatosan nem gyűjtünk személyes adatokat a 18 év alatti gyermekekről. A 18 év alatti gyermekek egyáltalán nem szabad használniuk Alkalmazásunkat. Ha tudomásunkra jut, hogy egy 18 év alatti személy adta meg személyes adatait, akkor észszerű lépéseket teszünk annak érdekében, hogy a lehető leghamarabb töröljük ezeket az adatokat.
Fogjuk frissíteni Adatkezelési irányelveinket?
Az Adatvédelmi irányelvünk legfrissebb verziójának kelte 2022. január 1. Irányelveinket és folyamatainkat folyamatosan bővítjük és fejlesztjük annak érdekében, hogy az Ön személyes adatainak védelméhez a lehető legszigorúbb szabványokat tudjuk garantálni. Elkötelezettek vagyunk fejlődésünk és fejlesztésünk módját értékeinknek és alapelveinknek megfelelő módon folytatni, és Adatvédelmi irányelvünk minden olyan változásáról értesíteni fogjuk, amely Önt közvetlenül érinti.
Vegye fel velünk a kapcsolatot:
Mi, az Ausztriában 258215d számon bejegyzett Funstage GmbH képviselői elfogadjuk, hogy az Ön személyes adatainak feldolgozásáért felelős adatkezelői szerep a Bloom Boom Casino Alkalmazáson keresztül valósul meg. Más szavakkal mi vagyunk az a jogi személy, amely meghatározza, hogy miért és hogyan dolgozzunk fel személyes adatait annak érdekében, hogy Ön teljes mértékben élvezhesse Alkalmazásunkban a szórakozás élményét.
Felveheti velünk a kapcsolatot e-mailben ezen a címen:
support@bloomboomcasino.com
vagy levélben: Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Bécs, Ausztria címen. Ha szeretné felvenni közvetlenül a kapcsolatot adatvédelmi tisztviselőnkkel, többek között Adatvédelmi irányelvünkkel kapcsolatos kérések, kérdések vagy aggályok kapcsán, ezt kérjük, hogy írásban tegye ezen a címen:
dpo@greentube.com
.
Az Alkalmazásunkat használó brit állampolgárok is felvehetik velünk a kapcsolatot egyesült királyságbeli GDPR képviselőnkön keresztül, a nevük Greentube UK Limited, címük: Canalside House, Floors 2 & 3, 6 Canal Street, Nottingham, NG7 7EX, Egyesült Királyság, vagy e-mailben a
dpo.uk@greentube.com
címen.
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps