Runmefit Privacy Policy
Release date of this edition: August 2022
Effective date: August 2022
Overview
respected user:
The developer Shenzhen Xingmai Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Runmefit" or "we") is committed to protecting your privacy and complying with relevant information protection and privacy laws. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand the information that is collected when you use our products and services, and how we process and use it. If you have any further questions after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the email address listed at the end of this article.
Specific content includes:
1. Types of Information We Collect
2. How your information is used
3. How to share your information
4. Third Party Service Providers
5. Security
6. Data transfer
7. Data retention
8. Your rights
9. Privacy of Minors/Children
10. Updates to the Privacy Policy
11. Contact us
1. Types of Information We Collect
When you use our products and services, we may collect the following types of information.
1) Account information: If you create an account on our app, you may need to provide your country or region, email address, password, date of birth, gender, height, and weight. You may also choose to provide additional information, such as nickname, weight goal, step goal, profile photo.
2) Information related to sports health: such as steps, distance, speed, exercise duration, calories, sleep duration, heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen, body temperature, walking time, exercise type, detailed exercise records for each exercise type, medals (We will issue you corresponding virtual medals according to your sports situation) and so on.
3) Location information: GPS positioning information will be used when you use certain location-based services, such as starting outdoor sports mode, checking the weather, and selecting your area. We will not collect this information if you do not allow us to invoke the GPS function of your phone.
4) Device and application information: When you use our device and application, we will obtain your device and application information, such as user configuration data, device MAC address, device version number, serial number, firmware version, language, APP version, mobile phone system version, device configuration, IP address, network type, device identification and other information.
5) Service information: When you use various functions of Runmefit devices and apps, you can submit some service information. Such as reminder settings or exercise logging. If you use the call reminder function, we may read your call status and address book, but we will not store your communication information; when you use the message notification function, we may access the information notification status of third-party applications, Our device will temporarily store your information content; if you use the music control function, we may read the music switch information, such as song playback, song status, but we will not store this information.
6) Question feedback information: If you have any questions or suggestions about our products and services, you can give us feedback through "My > Question Feedback". Through this feature, we collect feedback questions you send us, and your contact information (if you provide them), which will be used to better understand your problems and contact you.
7) Log information: If you use our device or application, we will collect some usage data, such as creating or logging in to your account, account and device pairing, device restart times, network usage information, system errors, system Crashes, system restarts, system upgrades, etc. Your latest log information within 7 days will be automatically stored locally on your phone, and the old log information will be automatically deleted. We do not actively collect your log information.
8) Visitor information: When using the visitor function (applicable to unregistered or logged-in situations), visitors can experience our products and some limited services. Visitors' personal data (nickname, gender, height, weight, date of birth, sports health data, etc.) will be stored locally on your phone and will not be uploaded to our servers.
9) Application information: When using message notification, we will obtain the application list of your device, such as phone, contacts, other applications, etc., to obtain the application list, we may access the information notification status of the application.
Other Information: We may also collect other types of information that are not directly or indirectly linked to an individual, but are aggregated, anonymized or de-identified.
2. How your information is used
We will use the information collected for the following purposes:
1) To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our goods and/or services for you, including some after-sales, customer support and services on your device;
2) To communicate with you, we will use your information to send you service notifications when necessary, and reply to you when you contact us;
3) Store and maintain your information in accordance with our service content or legal obligations;
4) Provide you with limited services without communicating with our servers;
5) Obtain your "telephone" permission, which is mainly used for the smart hardware device to map the incoming call reminder function and to send common contacts to the smart hardware device for use;
6) Obtain your "camera" permission, which is mainly used for the scan code function and photo function of the application;
7) Obtain your "storage" permission, which is mainly used for the cache of user information, the cache of custom dial photos, and the storage of photos taken;
8) Obtain your "Location" permission. When you start the outdoor sports mode, check the weather, and select your area, the GPS positioning information will be used. We will not collect this information if you do not allow us to invoke the GPS function of your phone.
Information Use of Non-Personal Data
We will collect some log information that does not involve personal data, such as error codes for device (restart) hardware problems, error codes and logs for device restarts, logs of applications’ Bluetooth connection, and anonymized users’ devices and application usage situation (if you have opted in), to conduct an overall analysis to fix bugs, monitor usage and optimize our services.
3. How to share your information
Except with your consent, we undertake not to sell your personal information to any other third parties for processing for any purpose. We will seek your express consent to share any personal data and sensitive personal data. We will not disclose or transfer your personal information to any unaffiliated third party unless:
In response to your request, for example, if you authorize your personal information to be shared with a third-party device or platform, we will share your information with your request, such as steps, distance, height, weight, heart rate, calories and other exercise data share with third parties. Please read the privacy policies of these third-party devices or platforms, because your activities on the third-party devices or platforms will no longer be bound by this privacy agreement;
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
(a) With service providers: We may share your personal information with service providers to monitor and analyze our use of the Services, for example, for payment processing on third-party websites after you visit our Services, with you contact.
(b) With business partners: We may share your information with our business partners to provide you with certain products, services.
4. Third Party Service Providers
We may employ third parties to help us implement Runmefit's services, and you can choose whether to use third-party services. When you choose to use third-party services, third parties may collect your information. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take the time to read the privacy policies of third-party services, just as you would read ours. We are not responsible for how third parties use the personal information they collect from you and cannot control their use. Service providers have access to your personal data only to enable Runmefit services on our behalf and are obliged not to disclose or use it for any other purpose:
Service providers that support user login include Facebook, Google, and Apple. If you create an account on our application, you need to collect country or region, email address, password, avatar, nickname, phone number, gender, birthday, etc.
In the Runmefit service, service providers that provide sharing include: Facebook. When you use a sharing service, you will be redirected to the corresponding sharing platform
We support third-party logins through Google, Facebook, and Apple. We will collect the email addresses, avatars, and nicknames from users who sign in through Google. This information is only used for in-app storage and display and will not be shared or disclosed with any third party.
We may continue to store your information as long as you retain your account. However, once you request to cancel or delete your account, we will promptly delete or anonymize your information. All related Google user information will also be deleted within 90 days of the date you request deletion.
map service provider
In the Runmefit service, service providers that support users to obtain the function of a single outdoor motion track include: AutoNavi Information Technology Co., Ltd., Google, and Apple. When you use this service, we will collect your geographic information and provide your location information to the map service provider. For specific data collection and processing, please refer to the privacy policy of the corresponding map service provider. You can stop the collection of geographic information by turning off your phone's GPS.
weather push service provider
If your device supports the weather push function, your location information will be sent from the local to the weather service provider (Hefeng Internet Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.) to obtain weather information in your area. You can turn off the weather push function in "Device > Weather Push" at any time to terminate this sharing. After your personal information is anonymized, it will not be used to identify or locate you as an individual.
5. Protective measures
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and we will take all practicable steps to protect your personal information, including encryption, authentication tools, secure servers. In order to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or other similar risks, we take reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards and make every reasonable effort to protect your personal information. However, you should be aware that we cannot guarantee 100% the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us.
6. Data transfer
At present, Runmefit rents servers provided by Alibaba Cloud. Typically, the data of local residents is only stored on servers within the local jurisdiction and will not be transferred across borders. With your consent, we may transfer your data across borders in accordance with applicable laws. We will also take appropriate safeguards to ensure that all transfers comply with your applicable local data protection laws. You will have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards that Runmefit has taken to transfer your personal information.
7. Data retention
If you use our products and services, we may collect and store your information. We may store your information for as long as you keep your account. However, once you cancel your account or make a deletion request, we will delete or anonymize your information as soon as possible, no later than 90 days from the date of your deletion request.
8. Your rights
Runmefit is committed to respecting the confidentiality of your personal information and guaranteeing that you can exercise your rights. In accordance with this Privacy Policy and relevant laws, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information. The right to access your information held by us. You can directly access your personal information in "My > Personal Information" in the app. If you are unable to perform these operations yourself, please contact us using the contact details below. Upon your request, we will provide a free copy of your personal information collected and processed by us. If there are any other requests for the same information, we may charge a reasonable fee in accordance with applicable law and actual costs.
Request correction of the personal information we hold about you. You have the right to ask us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about us. At the same time, you can directly correct your personal information in "My > Personal Information" of the app.
Object to the processing of your personal information. You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. If you have consented to the processing of your personal or sensitive personal information by Runmefit devices and apps, you may withdraw that consent at any time and proceed further by contacting Runmefit. In order to provide you with our services, we will ask you to provide the personal information necessary to provide you with these services. If you do not provide your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services.
Request deletion of your personal information. You have the right to ask us to delete personal information if we do not have a good reason to continue processing personal information. At the same time, you can delete or permanently anonymize the corresponding data by canceling your account, clearing personal data on the cloud, etc.
Request the transfer of your personal information. Where technology allows, we will provide your personal information to you or a third party of your choice in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to the information you originally consented to our use or that we collected for the performance of the contract.
Withdraw your consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain features of the Services. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous personal information processing activities based on your authorization. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue to collect your personal information or withdraw your authorization by deleting the device, disconnecting the device from the application, restoring the device to factory settings, clearing personal data on the cloud, turning off data management synchronization, and logging out of the account .
9. Privacy of Minors/Children
Our products and services are primarily for adults. Children may not create their own user accounts without parental or guardian consent. For the collection of children's personal data with parental consent, we will only use or disclose this data where permitted by law, express parent or guardian consent, or necessary to protect the child. Although local laws and customs define children differently, we consider anyone under the age of 13 to be a child. If we discover that we have collected personal data from children without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the data as soon as possible.
10. Updates to the Privacy Policy
We periodically review our Privacy Policy and may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. You understand and agree that if you use the product or service after the updated Privacy Policy is posted, you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any part of the Privacy Policy at any time, then you must immediately stop using the Products and Services.
11. Contact us
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, or any questions related to Runmefit's collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, or if you believe that your rights are not fully protected under this Privacy Policy, please contact We the following email :
Email: feedback@runmefit.com
Thank you for taking the time to learn about our Privacy Policy!