We're sorry but this page doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
May 17, 2021
Aosu LLC and our affiliates (“Aosu”) respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we obtain about consumers and other individuals identified below, how we may use the personal information, with whom we may share it, and the choices available regarding our use of the personal information. The Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information and how individuals can contact us about our privacy practices.
Information We Collect
Information We Obtain About You
Information We Obtain by Automated Means
How We Use The Information We Collect
Third-Party Analytics Services
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
Information Sharing
Your Choices
Notice to California Residents
Other Online Services and Third-Party Features
How We Protect Personal Information
Updates To Our Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us
Information We Collect
Information We Obtain About You
We obtain certain personal information in connection with the products and services we provide. The types of personal information we obtain include:
Contact information, such as name and email;
Account information, such as online password and other log-in details used to access Aosu products and services;
Payment information, such as name, billing address and payment card details, including card number, expiration date and security code, which is collected and stored by our third-party payment processor on our behalf. Aosu stores only the last four digits of your payment card and the expiration date;
The geolocation of your mobile device if you consent to the collection of this data. Certain features collect geolocation in the background (that is, when the app is running but is minimized or not visible on your screen), but only with your permission when you enable these features;
Product setup information, such as the name and description of your Aosu product (for example, “Aosu Doorbell – Front Door”) and the location where you install your Aosu product, and adjustments you make to the product setup;
Technical information about your Aosu product, such as your Wi-Fi network information and signal strength, and your Aosu product’s model, serial number and software version;
Data about your interactions with our mobile apps;
Social media handles, content and other data posted on our official social media pages;
Information you submit in connection with a career opportunity at Aosu, such as contact details, information in your resume and details about your current employment;
Other personal information contained in content you submit to us, such as through our “Contact Us” feature or customer support tools on our mobile apps.
In addition, our products and services are designed to allow you to see, hear and speak to anyone at your door from your mobile device. To provide you with these services, we obtain content (and related information) that is captured and recorded when using our products and services, such as video or audio recordings, live video or audio streams, images, and data our products collect from their surrounding environment to perform their functions (such as motion, events, temperature and ambient light).
Privacy and video surveillance laws in your jurisdiction may apply to your use of our products and services. You are solely responsible for ensuring that you comply with applicable law when you use our products or services. For example, you may need to display a notice that alerts visitors to your home that you are using our products or services. Capturing, recording or sharing video or audio content that involves other people, or capturing others peoples’ facial feature information, may affect their privacy rights.
Information We Obtain by Automated Means
When you interact with our products and services, we obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your equipment, browsing actions, and usage patterns. The information we obtain in this manner may include your device IP address, identifiers associated with your devices, types of devices connected to our services, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and dates and times of website or app visits. These technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and interact with our products and services; (3) tailor the services around your preferences; (4) measure the usability of our products and services and the effectiveness of our communications; and (5) otherwise manage and enhance our products and services, and help ensure they are working properly.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our online services. For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We may use the personal information we obtain about you to:
Provide our products and services to you;
Establish and manage your Aosu account and profile;
Process and fulfill claims and orders in connection with our products and services and keep you informed about the status of your order;
Personalize your experience with our products and services;
Allow you to stream, save and share content through our services;
Identify and authenticate you so you may access certain content or use certain of our services;
Increase and maintain the safety and security of our products and services and prevent misuse;
Communicate with you (including providing you with offers and other communications about our products and services) and provide customer support;
Allow you to interact with certain third-party products or services (for example, to enable you to link to, or view content from, third-party sites within our services);
Perform analytics (including market and consumer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, and anonymization of personal information);
Manage career opportunities at Aosu; including for recruitment purposes, employee onboarding and other HR purposes;
Operate, evaluate, develop, manage and improve our business (including operating, administering, analyzing and improving our products and services; developing new products and services; managing and evaluating the effectiveness of our communications; performing accounting, auditing, billing reconciliation and collection activities and other internal functions);
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and policies, including this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service.
We also may use the personal information we collect about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your consent if required by applicable law.
Third-Party Web & App Analytics Services
We use third-party web and app analytics services on our mobile apps. The service providers use automated technologies to collect and analyze information, including personal information (such as email and IP addresses) to understand how you use of our mobile apps. Web and app analytics services help us improve features, evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing, and, ultimately, optimize the customer experience. To learn more about these analytics services, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
When you use our apps, information about your online activities may be collected to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see our ads on other websites or mobile apps because we participate in advertising networks. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to individuals considering demographic data, individuals’ inferred interests and browsing context. These networks track individuals’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies. The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track individuals’ browsers or devices across multiple websites, and to build a profile of individuals’ online browsing activities. The information our ad networks may collect includes data about individuals’ visits to websites that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our websites and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Our websites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers. To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the U.S., please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
,
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
and our Cookie Policy. You can also visit the Control Center and/or Cookie Preferences Manager to set your preferences for the Aosu websites and mobile apps.
Information Sharing
We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you except as described in this Privacy Notice. We may share your personal information with (1) our affiliates and subsidiaries and (2) our service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as marketing, customer service, order fulfillment and data analytics and storage. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may share personal information with our business partners (1) with whom we jointly offer products and services; and (2)  for payment processing and fraud prevention purposes.
We also may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (4) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (5) otherwise with your consent.
        We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation).
Your Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. You also may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive. We do need to send you certain communications about our products and services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications. This includes, for example, information about billing.
When you purchase our products, you may choose to use our Aosu cloud Plan (“Aosu cloud”) on a trial or subscription basis. If you have enabled the recording features of the Aosu cloud, we retain the recordings (and any related information) from your product during your recording subscription period so you can access your content during that time period. You may delete your recordings from  Aosu cloud  at any time by accessing your account. Additionally, regardless of your use of  Aosu cloud . In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal data.
Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limits under California law, California residents may ask us to provide them with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (2) the identity of those third parties. Click
here
to read additional disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Other Third-Party Services and Features
Our products, services, or websites may allow you to link to those of third parties in order to provide certain features or experiences. For example, you may be able to connect your Aosu device or account to a non-Aosu service (such as your Amazon account).
In addition, our website and mobile apps may provide links to other online services for your convenience and information, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, payment services, widgets and plug-ins (e.g., Facebook, Twitter or PayPal buttons).
These third-party services and features may operate independently from us. The privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked online services or third-party features are not owned or controlled by us, Aosu is not responsible for these third parties’ information practices. By using or engaging with such services and features, you are requesting and authorizing us to transfer or provide access to information on your behalf, for example, your account ID, email address, data about your Aosu device usage or collected by your Aosu device, etc.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Updates To Our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a notice on our websites and mobile apps to notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you, change your preferences or exercise other applicable data protection rights, please contact us by e-mail at
support@aosulife.com
.
by Aosu