Privacy Policy
This Service and App is provided by Benefex Ltd and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal and Non Personal
        Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this
        policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not
        use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that in order to use this App you need to be a verified member of Benefex Ltd before being able to login. We do not collect any other Personal Information that is listed on your website.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally
        identifiable information, including: email address and IP address. Personal information is only collected by Benefex Ltd and not any 3rd parties used by this app. The information that we request will be retained
        by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
One Signal
List of all Data Collected by this App (including 3rd parties)
Personal Data
Description
Email Address
Email Address used to login to prove ownership of the account.
IP Address
The IP address the device is visiting from.
Non Personal Data
Description
First Session Time
The date & time the user first used the app / visited the website.
Last Session Time
The date & time the user most recently used the app / visited the website.
Session Count
The number of times the user has used the app / visited the website.
Total Usage Duration
The number of seconds the user has ever interacted with the app, as recorded whenever the app is in
                        the foreground.
Device OS
The operating system of the device / browser.
Device Rooted
ANDROID - Whether the user has a rooted device / iOS - Whether
                        the user has a jailbroken device.
Device Language
The language the device / browser reports.
Time Zone
The most recent time zone the device / browser was in.
Country
The most recent country the device / browser was in (
ISO 3166-2
format)
Push Status
Whether the device / browser has push notifications enabled or disabled
App Version
The version of the app the most recent session reported the user running.
Cellular Carrier
The name of the cellular carrier used by the device.
Device Model
The model name of the device / browser.
Push Tokens
Mobile App Tokens added to the device by FCM or APNs.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
        acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
        electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that
        site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
        Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
        policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
        information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us
        with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you
        are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able
        to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for
        any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-07-15
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
onehubwellbeing@benefex.co.uk.