Privacy Policy
YoYa Kids built the YoYa:Busy Life World app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by YoYa Kids at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at YoYa:Busy Life World unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Children's Privacy
There are no third-party ads in our apps. The only third party service providers we use in our apps are to support our internal operations and we do not collect anything that is personally identifiable in our apps for children.
To help us provide you with the best service, we work with third party analytics providers Google Analytics for Firebase in our apps for children.
Their respective Privacy Policies can be found at https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms and https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US#whycollect.
These companies help us to understand your use of the apps. In association with them, we may collect your unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone carrier, game progress, time spent playing, achievements and for bug and crash reports. This information is for internal use only and can´t be shared. It´s just for us to help us improve our services for you.
If you have any questions about our collection and use please contact us at support@yoyaworld.com.
More About Personal Data
We collect personal data when a parent makes a purchase through our online store, subscribes to a newsletter or alert, submits content to a forum or blog, or requests technical support. This data may include a name (screen or nickname), gender, birth date, email address, mailing or shipping address, telephone number, and payment information. This information may be used to provide services and the sites to you, to process and fulfill your orders, to contact parents about their orders and new services and features and to send push notifications if consent to receive them has been given. If you contact us for help we will only use your email address to reply to your question.
Please note that if a parent posts personal information about themselves in a community forum or blog in the parent section, in addition to being collected, this data is made public for others to see. The parent is responsible for the disclosure of any such data in those forums. More about Non Personal Data If you’d like more information on this, please contact us at support@yoyaworld.com.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. You can also configure your browser to accept or reject cookies. All browsers are different so go to the help section of your browser to find out how to do this. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Links to Other Sites
We may include links to third parties from our website or services. YoYa Kids isn’t responsible for these companies and including a link to them doesn’t mean that YoYa Kids endorses them. So be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them. And remember, your use of YoYa Kids’ sites and services may also be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that YoYa Kids doesn’t control such as mobile application stores, mobile software platforms, online social media sites, or payment processors.
Security
I value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Retention
User data is retained as long as it is necessary to provide the service. Data is deleted from our records when it is no longer needed within a reasonable timeframe.
How to Update or Remove Your Information
YoYa Kids keeps your content for as long as necessary in providing its services. If you want to opt out of services, or review or delete your information, please contact us at support@yoyaworld.com.
Notice to California Residents:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of YoYa Kids to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to support@yoyaworld.com.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-12-28
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at support@yoyaworld.com.