SC Ovilex Soft SRL
It is SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and apps. This Privacy Policy applies to www.ovilex.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “www.ovilex.com”) and all the apps we own. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, SC Ovilex Soft SRL collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s visitors use its website. From time to time, SC Ovilex Soft SRL may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
SC Ovilex Soft SRL also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.ovilex.com blog posts. SC Ovilex Soft SRL only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s websites or users of our applications choose to interact with SC Ovilex Soft SRL in ways that require SC Ovilex Soft SRL to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that SC Ovilex Soft SRL gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
The information we could potentially gather is grouped into the following categories:
a – Information you provide us
Your email address
Profile information (such as a profile picture)
Other information you provide us (such as information used to identify a lost account)
b – Information we collect automatically directly from you when you use our Services
Information about your game progress and activity
Information about your interactions with other players
IP address and device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Information about your device (such as device name and operating system, browser information, including browser type and the language you prefer)
Information we collect using cookies and similar technologies (Note: You can refer to our Cookies Policy to learn more about opting out of such technologies)
General geolocation information
Precise geolocation information (GPS)
c – Information we obtain from our partners
Information that we receive if you decide to connect to a third-party social network (such as Facebook or Game Center)
Information from billing partners (if you subscribe to some games or make an in-game purchase)
Information for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you with better Services
How we use your information
We primarily use the information to provide you with a better gaming experience, but we also use your information, both individually and combined, as follows:
To operate our business and to enhance your gaming experience, including to:
provide you with the Services that are suitable to your age and compliant with the applicable laws of your country of residence
provide gaming experiences that you may like and functionalities you have subscribed to
track your use of the Services to help us learn more about your gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies, so that we can personalise your experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience
facilitate sharing on social networks
register your participation in a contest and contact you in case of prizes
offer you the opportunity to take part in playtesting (game tests)
protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons
identify and fix bugs and service errors
use it for administration, analytics, research, and optimisation
compile statistics
comply with all regulatory and legal requirements, and answer any requests from Data Protection Authorities or any law-enforcement agency
To provide you with support, communicate with you and respond to any requests or questions you have submitted through our customer support.
To personalise our communication with you, including to:
handle your subscription to, and opting-out of, our newsletters
contact you to promote our Services and contests we may offer
send you, with your prior consent, promotions or marketing materials (we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future)
provide you with advertising that better suits your interests and profile and is age-/gender-appropriate and targeted to your general location
serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising
collect any personal information you may disclose through messages you choose to send to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game function, as well as to collect necessary personal information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication (Note: We will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Services, including through emails or text messages)
personalise your content and offers
send you push notifications (if you choose to allow that function)—only for users 13 years old or older in the United States (16 or older in Europe)
For some purposes described above, SC Ovilex Soft SRL may use and perform analytics. Analytics information supports business analysis and operations, allows product development, improves products and Services, personalises content, provides advertising, and makes recommendations.
Our legal basis for collecting and processing your personal information (for European users) is described above.
We will normally collect personal information from you only:
when we have your consent to do so
when we need the personal information to fulfil a contract with you and provide you with the Services, such as customer services, bug and service-error detection, and fraud prevention
when the processing is in our legitimate interests (when we serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising or marketing campaigns, analyse your gaming activities, protect and improve our products and services) and not overridden by your rights, or
when we have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by SC Ovilex Soft SRL and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Www.ovilex.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
Www.ovilex.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Aggregated Statistics
SC Ovilex Soft SRL may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. SC Ovilex Soft SRL may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, SC Ovilex Soft SRL does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Affiliate Disclosure
This site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, SC Ovilex Soft SRL uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SC Ovilex Soft SRL uses cookies to help SC Ovilex Soft SRL identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.ovilex.com, and their website access preferences. SC Ovilex Soft SRL visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s use of cookies.
Facebook Data Deletion
With our mobile gaming apps we do not save your personal data on our server. According to Facebook policy, we have to provide User Data Deletion Callback URL or Data Deletion Instructions URL.
If you want to delete your activities for any of our mobile gaming apps, you can remove your information by following these steps:
Go to your Facebook Account’s Setting & Privacy. Click “Settings”
Look for “Apps and Websites” and you will see all of the apps and websites you linked with your Facebook.
Search and Click “APP NAME” in the search bar.
Scroll and click “Remove”.
Congratulations, you have successfully removed your app activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SC Ovilex Soft SRL may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SC Ovilex Soft SRL’s sole discretion. SC Ovilex Soft SRL encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
This privacy policy was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.