Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Playvalve S.L. Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
WHO ARE WE?
Holder
: Playvalve S.L.
Registered office
: Carrer Aragó 383 10, Barcelona 08013, Spain
Tax identification number
: B67255703
Contact E-mail
: contact@playvalve.com
DPO
: ECIJA Legal & Compliance. Torre de Cristal, Paseo de la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid
DPO E-mail
: dpo@playvalve.com
OUR PHILOSOPHY
In response to our concern about guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of your personal data, we have adopted all reasonable security measures to protect your information from third parties. We want you to carefully read our privacy policy to ensure that you are fully informed. Having said that, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
By visiting our website, using our services, or enjoying our games, you give your consent and authorize us to carry out the processing of your personal data for the purposes described below.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
The collecting of your personal data is performed solely and exclusively for the following specific purposes:
To create statistical reports with respect to the habits of access and the activity of the users of the game.
To provide you access to our services and content
To resolve queries and suggestions
To comply with legal obligations
Please, note that this privacy policy is subject to change from time to time. We recommend you check it on a regular basis, so that you are always aware of the information we process.
WHY DO WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Whenever we process your personal data for the aforementioned purposes, we will need a legal ground.
The
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) mentions several legal grounds for the lawfulness of processing personal data. A lawful basis for processing personal data consists of at least one of these 5 legal grounds and can vary per personal data processing activity and purpose.
The legal ground for the supply of our services, as the games provided, is your informed consent. So, you need to carefully read our privacy policy and accept it before using any of our products.
Furthermore, our legal ground for elaborating statistical reports is our legitimate interest.
Finally, we could process personal data on the grounds of a legal obligation.
THIRD-PARTY PROVIDER
To provide you with our services we use the following third party providers:
Amazon, Inc
: P.O. Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108-1226
Google, Inc
: 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA
Facebook, Inc
: 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, 94025, USA
We do our best to ensure these companies guarantee at least the same level of privacy protection as we provide.
Furthermore, we may be obliged to communicate personal data to third parties such as Public Authorities.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Some of these entities are located outside the European Economic Area (EEA) (Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norwegian).
In the case of The United States entities, which are listed under the EU-US Privacy Shield, the transfer of personal data to such entities by EU-based data controllers will be deemed adequate, without requiring the inclusion of additional safeguards, such as the use of EU Standard Contractual Clauses which are normally necessary to guarantee an adequate data protection level for international data transfers.
DEADLINE FOR THE STORAGE OF YOUR DATA
We shall store your personal data as long as it is deemed necessary and depending on the type of data with a maximum limit of 24 months
Furthermore, we have implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information. For example, we use encryption technology to protect your personal data.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS AS THE DATA SUBJECT?
The user may, at any time and free of charge, exercise his or her rights, according with the GDPR. We will be pleased to answer your requests.
Can I ask about the specific personal data processed? (
Right of access)
Sure. Notwithstanding the data protection information provided above, you have the right to be told how we use your information and obtain access to your information.
Can I ask to erasure my personal data? (
Right to erasure
)
In the case that you don’t want us to process your personal data any more, you may request your personal data to be deleted. We will immediately delete your personal data and we will keep a copy that we will not use except if it is required by an Authority.
Can I ask to rectify incomplete or inaccurate data? (
Right to rectification
)
You can modify your personal data if it is inaccurate.
Can I ask to withdraw the provided consent or object to a processing? (
Right to object
)
You can do it seamlessly, if you contact us via our contact addresses. This right will be granted from the time we receive your request.
Can I ask for Data portability, right? (
Right to data portability
)
The GDPR introduces the right to data portability. Because of the nature of services, we offer, we think you will not need to use this right. Still, if you need to use it sometime, you can contact us and we will go into further detail on this matter.
CONTACT US
via:
DPO: dpo@playvalve.com
Our Offices: Carrer Arago 383 10, CP08012 Barcelona, España.