Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when
Vaak Solutions
collect, use, and shares your information when you use our product apps
 or games. We use your personal information only for providing and 
improving application features and better services.
We hope you will take time to read it carefully.
Personal Information & Security
We do not collect any Personal Information, and we employ 
administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect 
your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please 
be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your 
information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use
 of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while 
you install or upgrade our products.
      We may use personal information submitted by you only for the 
following purposes: help us to develop, deliver, and improve our 
products and services and supply higher quality service.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while 
you install or upgrade our products.
      We may use personal information submitted by you only for the 
following purposes: help us to develop, deliver, and improve our 
products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission.
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities.
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the 
following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s 
behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products,
 services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such 
as installed application name and package name, the data of install, 
frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal 
information, we treat the combined information as personal information 
for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Information we get from your use of our services
–
Device information
– Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version.
–
Unique application numbers
– Certain services include a 
unique application number. This number and information about your 
installation (for example, the operating system type and application 
version number)
–
Anonymous identifiers
– we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others.
Location information
When you use a location-enabled service, we may collect and 
process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by
 a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine 
location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, 
provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers to 
provide you accurate location and for application quality purpose.
Advertisements
We are using different advertising channels in different 
application like Startapp, Unity, applovin etc to support our 
development work . There could be errors in the programming and sometime
 programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 
(“Children”). When we collect personal information, we do not know the 
age of our players. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable 
information from children under 16. If you are a parent or guardian and 
you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal 
Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have 
collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without 
verification of parental consent.
Privacy Policy Updates
In Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will 
post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it 
periodically.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
vaakopcinfo@gmail.com