Who we are?
We are Freshtoday, a nutritious school lunch provider, based throughout
Ireland.
Our website is http://freshtoday.ie.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
In order to complete your orders and ensure they are delivered to the
correct child, we require your child’s school and class information.
As a parent/guardian, we securely hold your login details/emails so
we can
contact you about your child’s lunch if and when necessary.
Contact forms
Should you choose to contact us through our online contact forms, your
queries will be stored for processing. On occasion these will be analysed to
identify recurring themes and queries arising.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name,
email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so
that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another
comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary
cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains
no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login
information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two
days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember
Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the
login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your
browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the
post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images,
articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact
same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional
third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded
content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if
you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Our site generates data analytics which allows us to gather and research
relevant data. As a result, we can project and predict future service
demands. This data is used for the improvement of our service only and will
not be passed onto any other parties.
Who we share your data with?
No data will be shared with any other party without consent. Data will only
be shared in the event a judicial system requires data by law.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained
indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up
comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website or app, we also store the personal
information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or
delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change
their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that
information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request
to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you,
including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we
erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are
obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Your contact information will only be used to contact you directly with
regards the service. You contact details will be stored in an
encrypted file and not passed to any other party.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In the case of a personal data breach, we shall without undue delay and,
where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it,
notify the personal data breach to the supervisory authority competent in
accordance with Article 55 of the GDPR, unless the personal data breach is
unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
Where the notification to the supervisory authority is not made within 72
hours, it shall be accompanied by reasons for the delay.