Platform
Company
Careers
Contact
🇬🇧
🇬🇧
🇩🇪
Download
Legal
data privacy
‍
For our users in the United Kingdom, PREMATCH is managed by our team in the United Kingdom. Responsible in terms of data protection law lies with PREMATCH Sports Ltd. The following privacy policy applies.
🇩🇪 Disclaimer: Wenn du PREMATCH für den Amateurfußball in Deutschland nutzt, findest du
hier
die entsprechende Datenschutzerklärung.
In the following, we inform you about the processing of your personal data in connection with the use of the Prematch app (hereinafter referred to as the "app"). This policy sets out how PREMATCH Sports Ltd (‘we’, ‘our’, ‘us’) use and protect your personal data in accordance with applicable UK data protection laws.
Personal data is all data that can be related to a specific natural person, e.g. their name, address, email address, phone number or IP address.
For better readability, the generic masculine is used in this declaration. All personal designations used refer to all genders.
‍
1. Overview
1.1 Person responsible
The controller responsible for your personal data and for data processing in the app pursuant to Article 4 (7) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (as defined in Section 3(10) and supplemented by Section 205(4) of the Data Protection Act 2018) (“UK GDPR”) is PREMATCH Sports Ltd, 10 John Street, London, United Kingdom, email: privacy@prematchapp.uk.
‍
1.2 Data protection officer
Our data protection officer can be contacted via heyData GmbH, Schützenstraße 5, 10117 Berlin, www.heydata.eu, email:
datenschutz@heydata.eu
.
‍
1.3 Scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases
The scope of the processing of personal data, the personal data we process, the purposes of processing and the legal bases are explained in detail in the Appendix. The following legal bases may be relied on by us for processing your personal data:
Consent:
Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent.
Contract:
Article 6 (1) (b) of UK GDPR is the legal basis insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract, e.g. to fulfil our obligations under the terms of use. This legal basis also applies to processing that is necessary for pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of enquiries about our services.
Legal Obligation:
Article 6 (1) (c) of UK GDPR applies if we fulfil a legal obligation with the processing of personal data, e.g. arising from tax law.
Legitimate Interest:
Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR serves as the legal basis if we can rely on legitimate interests for the processing of personal data, e.g. for the processing of user enquiries.
‍
1.4 Third Party Access
If necessary, we may transfer (or otherwise give access to) your personal data to certain third parties for one or more of the purposes specified in this privacy policy and in particular to the following recipients:
External service providers who provide services to us (including, without limitation, those set out in the Appendix – specifically those set out in section ‘Tools from third-party providers’ in the Appendix).
Authorities where required under applicable laws or otherwise.
Partner company or other entities within our corporate group.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
‍
1.5 Data processing outside the UK
Insofar as we transfer your personal data to service providers or other third parties outside the United Kingdom (UK), adequacy decisions of the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) pursuant to Art. 45 of UK GDPR guarantee the security of the data during transfer, insofar as these exist, as is the case, for example, for countries in the European Economic Area, Andorra, Argentina, Faroe Islands, Guernsey, Isle of Man, New Zealand, Israel, and Switzerland.
If no adequacy decision exists, the appropriate safeguard we will usually rely on is the specific standard contractual terms approved for use in the UK which give the transferred personal data the same protection as it has in the UK, namely the International Data Transfer Agreement or the International Data Transfer Addendum to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers . Many of the providers have issued contractual guarantees that go beyond the standard contractual clauses and protect the data beyond the standard contractual clauses. These are, for example, guarantees regarding the encryption of the data or regarding the obligation of the third party to inform the data subject if law enforcement agencies wish to access data.
‍
1.6 Storage period
Unless explicit storage periods are specified in this privacy policy, your personal data stored by us will be deleted when it is no longer required for its intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. If your personal data is not deleted because it is required for other (legally permissible) purposes, its processing will be restricted, i.e. your personal data will be blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to personal data that we must retain for commercial or tax law reasons.
‍
1.7 Rights of the data subjects
As a data subject, you have the following rights vis-à-vis us with regard to the personal data concerning you that we process:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) as the legal basis for that particular use of your data (including carrying out profiling based on our legitimate interests). In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your right to object.
You also have the absolute right to object any time to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in one of the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
In particular, you can object to the display of data in your profile (e.g. market value) if you do not want this. We will then delete your profile.
You can exercise the above rights by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
As a data subject, you also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority at any time about the processing of your personal data. The UK’s data protection authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO.
‍
1.8 No obligation to provide data
You are neither contractually nor legally obliged to provide us with personal data. However, if you refuse to provide such personal data that is necessary for the use of the app or that we are legally obliged to collect, you will not be able to use the app or will only be able to use it to a limited extent.
Mandatory information is labelled as such in the app.
‍
1.9 No automated decision-making in individual cases
We do not use fully automated decision-making in accordance with Article 22 of UK GDPR. Should we use such a process in individual cases, we will inform you of this separately.
‍
‍1.10. Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
‍
1.11 Updates
We keep our
privacy
policy under regular review. This version was last updated on Aug 22, 2024.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us, for example a new address or email address.
‍
Appendix - Specific Data Processing
Downloading the app
Our app is available for download from Google's Play Store and Apple's App Store (hereinafter "Stores"). When you download the app, the required information is transmitted to the stores, in particular your user name, email address and account customer number, time of download, payment information and individual device identification number. We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We only process the data to the extent necessary for downloading the mobile app to the mobile device.
‍
Information security
When you use our app, we collect data that is necessary to ensure the stability and security of the app. This is our legitimate interest, so the legal basis is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR (legitimate interest).
‍
Collection of data & calculation of market values
We collect data about amateur footballers from various sources. These sources include, in particular, our users who upload data and statistics from amateur football to our platform (user-generated content). We also collect data from public sources, such as online platforms, websites and club press releases. The app uses this data to calculate a fictitious market value, which includes the following parameters in particular:
‍
Current & previous league level of the player
Age of the player
Position of the player
Performance data of the team
Performance data of the player
Prematch calculates a fictitious market value for all players in the adult sector (unless they have expressly objected to this). Market values are determined on the basis of various publicly available parameters (if known):
In a first step, a base value is calculated based on the current league level of the players. The higher the league, the higher the respective base value. This base value is then adjusted based on the historical leagues in which the players were active in recent seasons.
In a second step, the team's performance data (goals scored, goals conceded, fair play rating) and the position and age of the players are taken into account. This is based on the consideration that, for example, a young player has greater development potential than an older player and his market value should therefore be higher if the other parameters are the same.
In a third step, individual performance data from the players' last ten matches is then included in the assessment. For all players, it is taken into account whether they were in the squad, were in the starting eleven, how long they played and whether they led the team onto the pitch as captain. In addition, the performance data included differs according to position: for goalkeepers, the goals conceded by the team are included, whereas for strikers, the goals scored are included in the market value.
Our market value has no claim to accuracy or realism, but serves - just like the presentation of the data in our app - solely for the entertainment of our users.
The data is stored on our servers for as long as the player is active and deleted as soon as the player requests the deletion of their data.
The legal basis for data processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We are interested in providing our users with an app that is as attractive as possible, including market values for playful performance comparisons.
If you do not agree to the display of data concerning you (e.g. market value) in our app, you can object to this at any time. We will then remove your profile from the app.
‍
User account
You can open a user account in the app. We initially process the personal data requested in this context and displayed in your profile on the basis of Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to provide you with the functions of the user account.
If you register your user account and agree to our terms of use, the data processing is carried out to fulfil the concluded user contract in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) of UK GDPR.
As a verified user, you can add further data to your user account on a voluntary basis. You can find more information about this in your user account.
‍
Single sign-on
You can log in to our app using one or more single sign-on procedures. To do this, you use the login details you have already created for another provider. The prerequisite is that you are already registered with the respective provider. If you log in using the single sign-on procedure, we receive information from the provider that you are logged in with the provider and the provider receives information that you are using the single sign-on procedure in our app. Depending on the settings in your account on the provider's website, the provider may provide us with additional information. The legal basis for this processing lies in the user contract between the provider and you.
‍
Providers of the procedure(s) offered:
Apple Inc, Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA (privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/
).
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
).
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"). Personal data we receive from Facebook is communicated to users by Facebook as part of the registration process. Information on Facebook and the contact details of the data protection officer as well as further information on how Facebook processes personal data, including the legal basis and the options for exercising rights as a data subject vis-à-vis Facebook, can be found at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy. We are jointly responsible with Facebook for the data processing carried out by Facebook in the context of the use of the procedure and have concluded an agreement with Facebook on joint responsibility (Article 26 of UK GDPR). There we have defined the respective responsibilities for the fulfilment of the obligations under the UK GDPR with regard to joint processing. We are obliged to provide the above information and Facebook has assumed responsibility for the further rights of data subjects in accordance with Article 15-20 of UK GDPR.
‍
Verification of a player profile
As a user, you can request to verify your player profile in our app. In order to verify the identity of the user, we process the personal data that is requested in the verification flow.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR in conjunction with our legitimate interest in preventing the takeover of third-party player profiles.
‍
Making contact
When you contact us, e.g. by email or telephone, the personal data you provide us with (e.g. names and email addresses) will be stored by us in order to answer your questions. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR) in answering enquiries addressed to us. If the communication concerns the initiation of a user relationship or an existing user relationship, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) (b) of UK GDPR.
‍
Competitions
We occasionally offer competitions. We process the data requested to determine and notify the winners. We then delete your data. It is in our legitimate interest to offer competitions to attract new users or to interact with our existing users. The legal basis for data processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR.
‍
Surveys
From time to time, we conduct surveys to get to know our users and their wishes better. In doing so, we collect the personal data requested in each case. It is our legitimate interest to get to know our users and their wishes better, so that the legal basis for the associated data processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We delete the data once the results of the surveys have been analysed.
‍
PRO Club subscription
The Prematch app contains functions to purchase paid content via the provider of the app store of the respective device (Google for Android devices and Apple for iOS devices), called PRO Club subscription. The Prematch app uses the technical interface provided by the provider to determine whether a purchase has been made. This involves communication with the provider's app store. The data transmitted in this process is processed in accordance with the provider's data protection regulations and is not accessible to us.
The legal basis for the data processing associated with the initiation, execution and termination of a PRO Club subscription is Article 6 (1) (b) of UK GDPR.
To manage and analyse in-app purchases, we use the RevenueCat product from Revenue Cat, Inc. (hereinafter "RevenueCat"), based at 633 Tarava St. Suite 101, San Francisco, CA 94116 USA.
The data stored and analysed by RevenueCat can be viewed at the following link: https://www.revenuecat.com/dpa
‍
Newsletter (Electronic)
We reserve the right to inform users who have already used our services and from whom we have received an e-mail address or other address for electronic contact (e.g. via SMS and/or Whatsapp or other messenger services) from time to time via this e-mail or other electronic contact address about our similar offers, unless they have objected to this. We rely on the exemption under Article 22 of the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulations 2003 (PECR) for carrying out this activity. The legal basis for this personal data being processed is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the use of direct advertising (Recital 47 of UK GDPR). You can object to the use of your email or other electronic contact address for advertising purposes at any time and without stating reasons and at no additional cost, for example via the link at the end of any electronic contact in this context or by sending an email to our email address stated above.
Based on the consent of the recipients (Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR), we also measure the opening and click rate of our newsletters in order to understand which content is relevant to them.
We send newsletters with the following tools:
SendGrid of the provider Twilio, Inc, 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (privacy policy: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the USA.
Mailchimp of the provider Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA (privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the USA.
Sendinblue of the provider Sendinblue GmbH, Köpenicker Str. 126, 10179 Berlin (privacy policy: https://de.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/). The provider processes content, usage, meta/communication data and contact data in the EU.
We also regularly send information, vouchers and other marketing communications to users who have subscribed to our newsletter (by email or telephone number). In these cases, the processing is based on the consent of the recipients in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR. You can revoke your consent to receive the newsletter at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
If you have registered to receive communication via WhatsApp, we will process the contact data with the help of WhatsApp. The provider is WhatsApp Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Further information about the processing of personal data by WhatsApp can be found at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy
‍
Tools from third-party providers
Firebase Cloud Messaging
We use Firebase Cloud Messaging to communicate with our users. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR. Processing takes place on the basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the legality of the processing until the revocation.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy.
‍
Amazon AWS
We use Amazon AWS for hosting. The provider is Amazon Web Services EMEA Sarl, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
It is our legitimate interest to provide an app, so the legal basis for data processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. Insofar as the hosting of the data is necessary to fulfil our obligations under the terms of use, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) (b) of UK GDPR.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr.
‍
AppsFlyer
We use AppsFlyer for analysis. The provider is AppsFlyer Ltd, 14 Maskit St., Herzlia, Israel. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR. Processing takes place on the basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
‍
Firebase
We use Firebase for application development. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, D04e5w5, Ireland . The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times), contact data (e.g. email addresses, telephone numbers) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in developing new applications in a simple manner.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms/.
‍
Firebase App Check
We use Firebase App Check to track errors in applications and for repair management. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, D04e5w5, Ireland . The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in monitoring the functionality of our applications appropriately.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
‍
Firebase Crashlytics
We use Firebase Crashlytics to track errors in applications and for repair management. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, D04e5w5, Ireland . The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. . Our legitimate interest is to be able to offer a functioning app.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
‍
CleverTap
We use CleverTap to analyse and communicate with our users. The provider is WizRocket Inc, 19th Floor, DLH Park, SV Road, Goregaon West, Mumbai 400062, India. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR, insofar as we send you messages with content that is a core component of our app (e.g. messages that inform you about the progress of a game) or do not require consent for other reasons. Insofar as we send you messages that contain advertising content and require prior consent under appliable laws, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR in conjunction with your consent. You can revoke your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the legality of the processing until the revocation.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://clevertap.com/privacy-policy/.
‍
Intercom
We use Intercom to communicate with our users. The provider is Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor Stephen Court, 18-21 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin, 2, Ireland. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms), contact data (e.g. e-mail addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to respond to enquiries from our users.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.intercom.com/de/legal/privacy.
‍
Segment
We use Segment for analysis. The provider is Segment.io, Inc, 100 California Street Suite 700 San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. The provider processes meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR. Processing takes place on the basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the legality of the processing until the revocation.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://segment.com/legal/privacy/.
‍
Sentry
We use Sentry to monitor applications and to track errors in applications or on websites. The provider is Functional Software, Inc, 132 Hawthorne Street San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to be able to offer a functioning app.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://sentry.io/privacy/.
‍
Amplitude
We use Amplitude for product analysis. The provider is Amplitude, Inc, 631 Howard St. Floor 5, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR. Processing takes place on the basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://amplitude.com/privacy.
‍
Typeform
We use Typeform for questionnaires and forms. The provider is Typeform S.L., 163 Carrer de Bac de Roda, Barcelona, Spain. The provider processes content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. Our legitimate interest is in particular to enable user enquiries to our customer service.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt.
‍
Facebook SDK
We use Facebook SDK for analysis. The provider is Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK GDPR. Processing takes place on the basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
‍
Zapier
We use Zapier for automation between applications. The provider is Zapier, Inc, 548 Market St. #62411, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in simply connecting the applications in our company and thus optimising the way we work.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://zapier.com/privacy.
‍
SendGrid
We use SendGrid to communicate with customers. The provider is Twilio, Inc, 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times), contact data (e.g. email addresses, telephone numbers), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) and master data (e.g. names, addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in being able to send e-mails technically.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy.
‍
Firebase Authentication
We use Firebase Authentication to authenticate our users. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Dublin, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) of UK GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in sufficiently authenticating users of our app.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
‍
YouTube videos
We use YouTube videos for videos in the app. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (a) of UK  GDPR. Processing takes place on the basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, e.g. by contacting us using the contact details provided in this privacy policy.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
‍
Braze
We use Braze for customer interaction and personalisation of messages in applications or on websites. The provider is Braze, Inc, 318 West 39th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10018, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to be able to offer a personalised and user-oriented communication and app experience.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy
‍
RevenueCat
We use RevenueCat to manage in-app purchases and subscriptions in our applications and websites. The provider is RevenueCat, Inc, 633 Taraval Street, San Francisco, CA 94116, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. interest in content, transaction data, access times), content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to ensure the smooth administration of in-app purchases and subscriptions and to optimise the user experience.
Further information can be found in the provider's privacy policy
‍
Microsoft Azure
We use Microsoft Azure for application development. The provider is Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland. The provider processes usage data (e.g., interest in content, access times), contact details (e.g., email addresses, phone numbers), and meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in developing new applications in a simple and efficient manner.
Further information can be found in the provider’s privacy policy at
https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Deutsch
Choose your preferred language
Wir bei Apple glauben fest daran, dass Datenschutz ein Grundrecht ist – und dass dieses Grundrecht nicht davon abhängen sollte, wo auf der Welt Sie leben.
Aus diesem Grund behandeln wir alle Daten, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare Person beziehen oder die von Apple mit dieser Person verknüpft oder verknüpfbar sind, als „personenbezogene Daten“, unabhängig davon, wo die Person lebt.
Das bedeutet, dass sowohl Daten, die Sie direkt identifizieren – z. B. Ihr Name – als auch Daten, die Sie nicht direkt identifizieren, die aber zu Ihrer Identifizierung verwendet werden können – z. B. die Seriennummer Ihres Geräts –, personenbezogene Daten sind. Aggregierte Daten gelten im Sinne dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie als nicht personenbezogene Daten.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt, wie
Apple oder ein Apple Partnerunternehmen
(gemeinsam „Apple“) mit personenbezogenen Daten umgeht, unabhängig davon, ob Sie mit uns auf unseren Websites, über Apple Apps (wie Apple Music oder Wallet) oder persönlich (auch telefonisch oder beim Besuch eines Apple Stores) interagieren. Apple kann auch Links zu Drittanbietern auf unseren Diensten oder Apps von Drittanbietern zum Download in unserem App Store zur Verfügung stellen. Die Apple Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht dafür, wie Drittanbieter personenbezogene Daten definieren oder verwenden. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die Datenschutzrichtlinien von Drittanbietern zu lesen und sich mit Ihren Datenschutzrechten vertraut zu machen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Wir bei Apple geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten, auf sie zuzugreifen, sie zu korrigieren, zu übertragen, ihre Verarbeitung einzuschränken und sie zu löschen. Wir gewähren diese Rechte unserem weltweiten Kundenstamm, und wenn Sie sich entscheiden, diese Datenschutzrechte auszuüben, haben Sie das Recht, weder diskriminierend behandelt zu werden noch einen minderwertigen Dienst von Apple zu erhalten. Wenn Sie aufgefordert werden, der Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Apple zuzustimmen, haben Sie auch das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Um Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf den Datenschutz wahrzunehmen, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen ein Drittanbieter im Namen von Apple handelt, besuchen Sie die Apple Daten- und Datenschutzseite unter
privacy.apple.com
für Apple oder
shazam.com/privacy
für Shazam.
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen, müssen Sie sich bei Ihrem Account anmelden, und Ihre Identität wird überprüft. Wenn Sie eine Kopie Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten wünschen, die derzeit nicht unter
privacy.apple.com
verfügbar ist, können Sie diese unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
anfordern. Sie haben auch das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen.
Es kann Situationen geben, in denen wir Ihrer Bitte nicht nachkommen können – zum Beispiel wenn Sie uns bitten, Ihre Transaktionsdaten zu löschen, Apple aber gesetzlich verpflichtet ist, diese Transaktion aufzuzeichnen. Wir können einen Antrag auch ablehnen, wenn dies unsere rechtmäßige Verwendung der Daten zur Betrugsbekämpfung und zu Sicherheitszwecken untergraben würde, etwa wenn Sie die Löschung eines Accounts beantragen, der wegen Sicherheitsbedenken untersucht wird. Ihre Datenschutzanfrage kann ferner abgelehnt werden, wenn sie die Privatsphäre anderer gefährdet, leichtfertig oder schikanös ist oder äußerst unpraktisch oder unangemessen wäre.
Wenn Sie in Kalifornien leben und keinen Zugriff auf die Apple Seite für Daten und Datenschutz haben
, können Sie oder Ihr Bevollmächtigter unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
oder telefonisch unter +1 800 275 2273 einen Antrag stellen.
Weitere Informationen über die Geltendmachung Ihrer Rechte finden Sie unter
support.apple.com/102283
.
Wir bei Apple sind davon überzeugt, dass wir Ihnen großartige Produkte und einen hohen Datenschutz bieten können. Dies bedeutet, dass wir bemüht sind,
nur die personenbezogenen Daten zu erfassen, die wir benötigen
. Welche personenbezogenen Daten Apple erfasst, hängt davon ab, wie Sie mit Apple interagieren. Erläuterungen zum Umgang von Apple mit personenbezogenen Daten für bestimmte einzelne Dienste finden Sie unter
apple.com/de/legal/privacy/data.
Wenn Sie einen Apple Account erstellen, einen Kredit beantragen, ein Produkt oder Gerät kaufen und/oder aktivieren, ein Softwareupdate laden, sich für einen Kurs in einem Apple Store anmelden, sich mit unseren Diensten verbinden, uns kontaktieren (auch über soziale Medien), an einer Online-Umfrage teilnehmen oder anderweitig mit Apple interagieren, können wir eine Vielzahl von Informationen erfassen, darunter:
Accountdaten.
Ihren Apple Account und zugehörige Accountdetails, einschließlich E-Mail-Adresse, registrierte Geräte, Accountstatus und Alter
Geräteinformationen.
Daten, anhand derer Ihr Gerät identifiziert werden könnte, z. B. die Seriennummer des Geräts, oder Informationen über Ihr Gerät, z. B. der Browsertyp.
Kontaktdaten
. Daten wie Name, E-Mail-Adresse, physische Adresse, Telefonnummer oder andere Kontaktinformationen
Zahlungsdaten. Daten über Ihre Rechnungsadresse und Zahlungsmethode, z. B. Bankverbindung, Kredit-, Debit- oder andere Zahlungskarteninformationen
Transaktionsdaten.
Daten über Käufe von Apple Produkten und Diensten oder von Apple unterstützte Transaktionen, einschließlich Käufen auf Apple Plattformen
Betrugsbekämpfungsdaten.
Daten, die zur Identifizierung und Bekämpfung von Betrug verwendet werden, einschließlich einer Vertrauensbewertung des Geräts.
Nutzungsdaten.
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten und Ihre Nutzung unserer Angebote, z. B. App-Starts innerhalb unserer Dienste, einschließlich Browserverlauf; Suchverlauf; Produktinteraktion; Absturzdaten, Leistungs- und andere Diagnosedaten, sowie andere Nutzungsdaten
Standortdaten
. Genauer Standort nur zur Unterstützung von Diensten wie „Wo ist?“ oder, wenn Sie Ihre Zustimmung erteilt haben, für regionsspezifische Dienste, und ungefährer Standort
Gesundheitsdaten.
Daten, die sich auf den Gesundheitszustand einer Person beziehen, einschließlich Daten, die sich auf die physische oder psychische Gesundheit einer Person beziehen. Zu den personenbezogenen Gesundheitsdaten gehören auch Daten, die verwendet werden können, um Rückschlüsse auf den Gesundheitszustand einer Person zu ziehen oder diesen festzustellen. Wenn Sie mit einer App der Apple Health Research Study an einer Studie teilnehmen, ist die Richtlinie zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unter
Apple Health Study Apps – Datenschutzrichtlinie
beschrieben.
Fitnessdaten.
Angaben zu Ihren Fitness- und Trainingsdaten, wenn Sie diese weitergeben möchten.
Finanzdaten.
Angaben zu Gehalt, Einkommen und Vermögen, sofern erfasst, sowie Informationen zu Finanzangeboten der Marke Apple
Daten mit behördlich ausgestellter ID.
In einigen Jurisdiktionen verlangen wir unter bestimmten Voraussetzungen eine von einer Behörde ausgestellte ID, unter anderem beim Einrichten eines Mobilfunkaccounts und dessen Aktivierung für Ihr Gerät, bei der Beantragung oder Verlängerung von Krediten, der Verwaltung von Reservierungen oder in weiteren gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Fällen.
Sonstige Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Details wie der Inhalt Ihrer Kommunikation mit Apple, einschließlich Interaktionen mit dem Kundensupport und Kontakten über Social-Media-Kanäle
Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, die von uns angeforderten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. Wenn Sie sich jedoch dagegen entscheiden, werden wir in vielen Fällen nicht in der Lage sein, Ihnen unsere Produkte oder Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen oder auf Ihre Anfragen zu reagieren.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten über Sie von anderen
Einzelpersonen
, von Unternehmen oder Dritten, die
in Ihrem Auftrag
handeln, von unseren
Partnern, die mit uns zusammenarbeiten, um unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitzustellen und uns bei der Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung zu unterstützen, sowie von anderen
rechtmäßigen Quellen erhalten.
Einzelpersonen.
Apple kann Daten über Sie von anderen Einzelpersonen erfassen – zum Beispiel, wenn diese Person Ihnen ein Produkt oder eine Geschenkkarte geschickt, Sie zur Teilnahme an einem Apple Dienst oder Forum eingeladen oder Inhalte mit Ihnen geteilt hat.
In Ihrem Auftrag.
Sie können andere Einzelpersonen oder Dritte beauftragen, Daten an Apple weiterzugeben. Beispielsweise können Sie Ihren Mobilfunkanbieter beauftragen, Daten über Ihren Anbieter-Account zur Accountaktivierung an Apple weiterzugeben oder Informationen über Ihre Teilnahme an einem Treueprogramm weiterzugeben, damit Sie Prämien für Apple Käufe sammeln können.
Apple Partner.
Im Sinne der Sicherheit und der Betrugsbekämpfung können wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen durch Dritte überprüfen lassen, z. B. wenn ein Apple Account erstellt wird.
Um Features wie die Suchfunktion zu verbessern und zur Erstellung von Grundlagenmodellen für KI-Funktionen verwendet Apple den Webcrawler Applebot, um Informationen zu durchforsten, die im Internet öffentlich zugänglich sind. Wir haben verschiedene Maßnahmen getroffen, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, zu reduzieren. Apple versucht nicht, einzelne Apple Nutzer anhand der durchsuchten Daten zu identifizieren oder Profile über Einzelpersonen zu erstellen. Wir verwenden keine privaten persönlichen Daten zum Trainieren unserer KI-Grundlagenmodelle. Wenn du dein Widerspruchsrecht in Bezug auf Verarbeitung von Informationen in Anspruch nehmen möchtest, verwende das
Formular für Anfragen zum Datenschutz von Apple Intelligence
. Weitere Informationen zum Applebot findest du auf der Seite
support.apple.com/120320
.
Für Zwecke der Forschung und Entwicklung können wir Datensätze heranziehen, die Bilder oder Sprachaufzeichnungen oder andere Daten, die Rückschlüsse auf eine identifizierbare Person zulassen, enthalten. Die Erhebung solcher Datensätze erfolgt unter Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, einschließlich des Rechts in der Jurisdiktion, in welcher der jeweilige Datensatz gehostet wird. Bei der Verwendung solcher Datensätze für Forschungs- und Entwicklungszwecke unternehmen wir keinerlei Versuche, die in diesem Material ggf. vorkommenden Personen zu identifizieren.
Apple verwendet personenbezogene Daten, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, zur Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung sowie zur Einhaltung von Gesetzen. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung können wir personenbezogene Daten auch für andere Zwecke verwenden.
Apple verwendet Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann, wenn wir eine gültige gesetzliche Grundlage dafür haben.
Je nach den Umständen kann sich Apple auf Ihre Einwilligung oder die Tatsache verlassen, dass die Verarbeitung erforderlich ist, um einen Vertrag mit Ihnen zu erfüllen, Ihre lebenswichtigen Interessen oder die anderer Personen zu schützen oder Gesetze einzuhalten. Unter Berücksichtigung Ihrer Interessen, Rechte und Erwartungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verarbeiten, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies in unserem oder dem berechtigten Interesse anderer liegt. Weitere Informationen sind in den produktspezifischen Informationen unserer Produkte und Features wie oben beschrieben eingebettet. Wenn Sie Fragen zur Rechtsgrundlage haben, können Sie sich unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
an den Datenschutzbeauftragten wenden.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste.
Apple erfasst personenbezogene Daten, die zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste erforderlich sind. Dazu können personenbezogene Daten gehören, die zur Verbesserung unserer Angebote, für interne Zwecke wie Prüfungen oder Datenanalysen oder zur Problembehebung erfasst werden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise über ein Apple Music Abonnement auf einen Song zugreifen möchten, erfassen wir Daten darüber, welche Songs Sie abspielen, um Ihnen die angeforderten Inhalte zur Verfügung zu stellen, sowie aus Lizenzgründen.
Verarbeitung Ihrer Transaktionen.
Um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, muss Apple Daten wie Ihren Namen, Kauf- und Zahlungsinformationen erfassen.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen.
Um auf Mitteilungen zu antworten, Sie bezüglich Ihrer Transaktionen oder Ihres Accounts zu kontaktieren, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu vermarkten, andere relevante Informationen bereitzustellen oder Informationen oder Feedback anzufordern. Gelegentlich können wir personenbezogene Daten nutzen, um wichtige Mitteilungen zu versenden, beispielsweise über Käufe oder Änderungen unserer Geschäftsbedingungen und Richtlinien. Weil diese Informationen für die Beziehung zu Apple wichtig sind, kann man den Erhalt dieser wichtigen Mitteilungen möglicherweise nicht ablehnen.
Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung.
Zum Schutz von Einzelpersonen, Mitarbeiter:innen und Apple sowie zum Schutz vor Verlusten und zur Betrugsbekämpfung, einschließlich des Schutzes von Einzelpersonen, Mitarbeiter:innen und Apple zum Nutzen aller unserer Nutzer:innen und der Vorabsondierung oder Vorabprüfung hochgeladener Inhalte auf potenziell illegale Inhalte, einschließlich Materials zur sexuellen Ausbeutung von Kindern.
Für Zwecke der Personalisierung verwendete personenbezogene Daten.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, Ihre Dienste oder Mitteilungen zu personalisieren, sofern dies möglich ist, verwendet Apple die von uns erfassten Daten, um Ihnen diese personalisierten Dienste oder Mitteilungen anbieten zu können. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie die entsprechenden Dienste personenbezogene Daten zur Personalisierung Ihrer Erfahrungen nutzen, finden Sie in den Datenschutzinformationen, die Sie bei der erstmaligen Nutzung eines Dienstes erhalten, der Sie um Zustimmung zur Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bittet. Wir stellen diese Informationen leicht auffindbar zur Verfügung, indem wir sie mit unserem Datenschutzsymbol kennzeichnen; sie sind auch jederzeit auf Ihrem Apple Gerät und online unter
http://apple.com/de/legal/privacy/data
verfügbar.
Einhaltung von Gesetzen.
Zur Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts – zum Beispiel zur Erfüllung von Steuer- oder Meldepflichten oder zur Erfüllung einer rechtmäßigen Regierungsanfrage.
Apple verwendet ohne die Möglichkeit einer menschlichen Überprüfung keine Algorithmen oder kein Profiling, um eine Entscheidung zu treffen, die Sie erheblich beeinträchtigen würde. Gemäß kalifornischem Recht verwendet Apple darüber hinaus keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten oder legt diese offen für Zwecke, die von Nutzer:innen verlangen würden, ein Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung auszuüben.
Apple bewahrt personenbezogene Daten nur so lange auf, wie es für die Erfüllung der Zwecke, für die sie erfasst wurden, erforderlich ist, einschließlich wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder in unseren dienstspezifischen Datenschutzhinweisen beschrieben oder wie gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Wir bewahren personenbezogene Daten so lange wie notwendig auf, um die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und unseren dienstspezifischen Übersichten zum Datenschutz beschriebenen Zwecke zu erfüllen. Bei der Beurteilung der Aufbewahrungsfristen prüfen wir zunächst sorgfältig, ob es notwendig ist, die erfassten personenbezogenen Daten aufzubewahren, und bewahren, falls eine Aufbewahrung erforderlich ist, die personenbezogenen Daten für den kürzesten gesetzlich zulässigen Zeitraum auf.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten an
Apple Partnerunternehmen
,
Dienstleister,
die in unserem Auftrag handeln, an unsere
Partner
,
Entwickler und Herausgeber
, oder andere
in Ihrem Auftrag tätige Parteien weitergeben
. Darüber hinaus gibt Apple personenbezogene Daten nicht an Dritte für deren eigene Marketingzwecke weiter.
Dienstleister.
Apple ist berechtigt, Drittparteien als unsere Dienstleister zu beauftragen und bestimmte Aufgaben in unserem Namen ausführen zu lassen, zum Beispiel Verarbeitung oder Aufbewahrung von Daten einschließlich personenbezogener Daten im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste und der Lieferung von Produkten an unsere Kund:innen. Apple Dienstleister sind verpflichtet, personenbezogene Daten in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und gemäß unseren Anweisungen zu verarbeiten. Sie dürfen die von uns weitergegebenen personenbezogenen Daten nicht für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden und müssen die personenbezogenen Daten löschen oder zurückgeben, sobald sie unseren Auftrag erfüllt haben.
Partner.
Gelegentlich geht Apple Partnerschaften mit Drittanbietern ein, um Dienste oder andere Angebote bereitzustellen. Beispielsweise werden finanzielle Angebote von Apple wie Apple Card und Apple Cash von Apple und unseren Partnern angeboten. Apple verlangt von seinen Partnern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen.
Von Ihnen abonnierte Entwickler und Herausgeber.
Wenn Sie im App Store oder in Apple News ein Abonnement eines Dritten erwerben, erstellen wir eine für Sie und den Entwickler oder Herausgeber eindeutige Abonnenten-ID. Die Abonnenten-ID kann verwendet werden, um Berichte an den Entwickler oder Herausgeber zu senden, die Informationen über das von Ihnen erworbene Abonnement und Ihr Wohnsitzland enthalten. Wenn Sie alle Ihre Abonnements bei einem bestimmten Entwickler oder Herausgeber kündigen, wird die Abonnenten-ID nach 180 Tagen zurückgesetzt, sofern Sie kein neues Abonnement abschließen. Diese Informationen werden Entwicklern oder Herausgebern bereitgestellt, damit sie einen Überblick über den Stand ihrer Abonnements haben.
Sonstige.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Auftrag oder mit Ihrer Zustimmung an andere weitergeben, z. B. wenn wir Informationen an Ihren Mobilfunkanbieter weitergeben, um Ihren Account zu aktivieren. Außerdem können wir Daten über Sie offenlegen, wenn wir der Überzeugung sind, dass dies für die nationale Sicherheit, den Gesetzesvollzug oder andere öffentliche Interessen notwendig oder angemessen ist. Wir können auch Daten über Sie offenlegen, wenn es dafür eine gesetzliche Grundlage gibt, wenn wir feststellen, dass die Offenlegung notwendig ist, um unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen oder unseren Geschäftsbetrieb oder unsere Nutzer:innen zu schützen, oder im Falle einer Umstrukturierung, Fusion oder eines Verkaufs.
Apple verkauft Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht, auch nicht gemäß der Definition von „Verkauf“ in Nevada und Kalifornien. Darüber hinaus „teilt“ Apple Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gemäß Definition dieses Begriffs in Kalifornien.
Wir bei Apple glauben, dass guter Datenschutz auf hoher Sicherheit beruht. Wir verwenden
administrative, technische und physische Sicherheitsvorkehrungen
, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Berücksichtigung der Art der Daten und der Verarbeitung sowie der Bedrohungen zu schützen. Wir entwickeln diese Sicherheitsvorkehrungen ständig weiter, um den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu gewährleisten. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem Leitfaden
Sicherheit der Apple Plattformen
.
Apple ist sich der Bedeutung des Schutzes der personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern bewusst. Als Kinder definieren wir
Personen unter 13 Jahren oder einem entsprechenden in Ihrer Rechtsordnung gesetzlich festgelegten Alter
. Aus diesem Grund hat Apple zusätzliche Verfahren und Schutzmaßnahmen implementiert, um die personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern zu schützen.
Um auf bestimmte Apple Dienste zugreifen zu können, muss ein Kind einen Apple Account besitzen. Ein Apple Account für ein Kind kann durch einen
Elternteil
oder, im Falle eines verwalteten Apple Accounts, durch die
Bildungseinrichtung des Kindes
erstellt werden.
Eltern.
Um einen Kinderaccount zu erstellen, müssen Eltern die
Informationen unter Familien-Datenschutzauskunft für Kinder
lesen. Darin wird beschrieben, wie Apple mit den personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern umgeht. Bei Zustimmung muss ein Elternteil Apple eine nachprüfbare elterliche Zustimmung vorlegen.
Bildungseinrichtungen.
Bildungseinrichtungen, die am Apple School Manager Programm teilnehmen, können auch Apple Accounts für Lernende erstellen, sogenannte „verwaltete Apple Accounts“. Diese Einrichtungen müssen der Vereinbarung
Verwaltete Apple Accounts für Lernende
zustimmen, die als Anhang A des Apple School Manager Vertrags enthalten ist.
Wenn wir erfahren, dass die personenbezogenen Daten eines Kindes ohne entsprechende Genehmigung erfasst wurden, werden sie schnellstmöglich gelöscht.
Um von Ihren Datenschutzrechten für die Informationen Ihres Kindes Gebrauch zu machen, besuchen Sie die Apple Seite für Daten und Datenschutz unter
privacy.apple.com
, und melden Sie sich beim Account des Kindes an.
Auf den Websites, in Onlinediensten, interaktiven Anwendungen und Werbematerialien von Apple werden möglicherweise
„Cookies“ und andere Technologien
wie etwa Webbeacons verwendet.
Diese Technologien erlauben uns, das Nutzerverhalten, u. a. für Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung, besser zu verstehen, informieren uns, welche Teile unserer Websites besucht wurden und vereinfachen und messen die Effizienz von Werbung und der Websuchen.
Kommunikations-Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden verwendet, um den Netzwerkverkehr von und zu den Systemen von Apple zu ermöglichen, einschließlich des Erkennens etwaiger Fehler.
Absolut notwendige Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden bei Bedarf gesetzt, um eine bestimmte Funktion oder einen bestimmten Dienst bereitzustellen, auf die/den Sie zugegriffen oder die/den Sie angefordert haben. Sie ermöglichen es uns zum Beispiel, unsere Websites im richtigen Format und in der richtigen Sprache anzuzeigen, Ihre Transaktionen zu authentifizieren und zu verifizieren und den Inhalt Ihres Einkaufswagens zu speichern, wenn Sie online auf
apple.com/de
einkaufen.
Sonstige Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden verwendet, um zu verstehen, wie Besucher:innen mit unseren Websites und Online-Diensten interagieren, u. a. indem sie uns helfen, die Wirksamkeit von Werbung und Websuchen zu beurteilen. Apple verwendet diese Cookies auch, um die von Ihnen beim Browsen getroffenen Entscheidungen zu speichern, damit wir Ihnen ein individuelles Erlebnis bieten können.
Wenn Sie es vorziehen, dass Apple keine Cookies verwendet, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, deren Verwendung zu deaktivieren. Wenn Sie Cookies deaktivieren möchten und den Webbrowser Safari verwenden, wählen Sie in den Datenschutzeinstellungen von Safari „Alle Cookies blockieren“. Wenn Sie einen anderen Browser verwenden, können Sie sich bei Ihrem Anbieter erkundigen, wie sich Cookies deaktivieren lassen. Bestimmte Funktionen der Apple Website sind möglicherweise nicht verfügbar, wenn alle Cookies deaktiviert sind.
Zusätzlich zu Cookies verwendet Apple andere Technologien, die uns helfen, ähnliche Ziele zu erreichen.
In einigen E-Mail-Nachrichten, die Apple an Sie sendet, geben wir eine „Click-through-URL“ an, über die Sie auf Inhalte auf der Apple Website weitergeleitet werden. Wenn Sie auf diese URLs klicken, werden Sie durch einen separaten Webserver geleitet, bevor Sie zur Zielseite auf unserer Website gelangen. Wir verfolgen diesen „Click-through“, um das Interesse an bestimmten Themen zu ermitteln und zu messen, ob wir effektiv mit Ihnen kommunizieren. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass solche Daten erfasst und nachverfolgt werden, klicken Sie in E-Mails nicht auf Grafik- oder Text-Links.
Apple behandelt Daten, die wir mit diesen Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien erfassen, im Allgemeinen als nicht personenbezogene Daten.
In dem Ausmaß, zu dem Internet-Protokolladressen (IP-Adressen) oder ähnliche Identifizierungsmerkmale durch anwendbares Recht als personenbezogene Daten eingestuft werden, behandeln wir diese Identifizierungsmerkmale ebenfalls als personenbezogene Daten. Darüber hinaus kombiniert Apple manchmal nicht personenbezogene Daten, die mit diesen Technologien erfasst wurden, mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten, die Apple aufbewahrt. Wenn wir Daten auf diese Weise kombinieren, behandeln wir die kombinierten Daten für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie als personenbezogene Daten.
Anzeigen, die über die Werbeplattform von Apple bereitgestellt werden, können in App Store, in Apple News, in der App „Aktien“ und in der Apple TV App angezeigt werden. Die Werbeplattform von Apple verfolgt Sie nicht, was bedeutet, dass sie keine Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten, die von unseren Apps erfasst wurden, mit Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten verknüpft, die von Dritten für zielgerichtete Werbe- oder Werbemessungszwecke erfasst wurden, und keine Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten an Datenvermittler weitergibt.
Wenn Sie in diesen Apps keine auf Ihre Interessen zugeschnittene Werbung von der Apple Werbeplattform erhalten möchten, können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren. Damit deaktivieren Sie derartige Werbung für Ihren Apple Account – unabhängig vom verwendeten Gerät. Auf Ihrem iOS, iPadOS oder visionOS Gerät können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren, indem Sie „Einstellungen“ > „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ > „Apple Werbung“ wählen und auf „Personalisierte Werbung“ tippen, um sie zu deaktivieren. Auf Ihrem Mac können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren, indem Sie „Systemeinstellungen“ > „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ > „Datenschutz“ > „Werbung“ wählen und auf „Personalisierte Werbung“ tippen, um sie zu deaktivieren. Sie sehen unter Umständen dennoch kontextbasierte Werbung im App Store oder bei Apple News und Aktien auf der Basis Ihrer Suchanfrage oder des Channels, den Sie lesen. Wenn Sie „Apps erlauben, Tracking anzufordern“ deaktivieren, können Apps von Drittanbietern nicht auf die Anzeigenkennung zugreifen (eine nicht personenbezogene Kennung, die vom Betriebssystem auf Ihrem Gerät bereitgestellt wird), um Sie über Apps und Websites anderer Unternehmen nachzuverfolgen.
Weitere Informationen zur von Apple bereitgestellten Werbung und zum Datenschutz finden Sie unter
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/de/apple-advertising
.
Die Produkte und Angebote von Apple verbinden Sie mit der Welt. Um dies zu ermöglichen,
können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Einrichtungen auf der ganzen Welt,
einschließlich Apple Partnerunternehmen, übertragen oder von diesen eingesehen werden, um Verarbeitungsaktivitäten durchzuführen, wie sie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie in Verbindung mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Produkte und Dienste beschrieben werden. Apple hält sich an die Gesetze zur Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten zwischen Ländern, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten an jedem Ort stets geschützt sind.
Der Apple Rechtsträger, der Ihre personenbezogenen Daten kontrolliert, kann je nach Ihrem Wohnort variieren.
Beispielsweise werden Apple Store Informationen von einzelnen Retail Einrichtungen in jedem Land kontrolliert und personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf Apple Media Services können, wie in den Servicebedingungen angegeben, von verschiedenen Apple Rechtsträgern kontrolliert werden. Wenn Sie nicht in den USA leben, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von Apple Inc. und anderen Apple Partnerunternehmen im Auftrag des Apple Rechtsträgers verarbeitet werden, der die personenbezogenen Daten für Ihre Gerichtsbarkeit kontrolliert. Beispielsweise werden Bilder und zugehörige Daten, die Apple weltweit erfasst, um Apple Karten zu verbessern und unsere Funktion „Umsehen“ zu unterstützen, an Apple Inc. in Kalifornien übertragen.
Personenbezogene Daten, die sich auf Einzelpersonen im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, in Großbritannien und der Schweiz beziehen, werden von Apple Distribution International Limited in Irland kontrolliert. Die internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten, die im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, in Großbritannien und der Schweiz erfasst werden, durch Apple wird durch die
Standardvertragsklauseln
geregelt. Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder ein Exemplar der Apple Standardvertragsklauseln haben möchten, wenden Sie sich an
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die von
Apple oder einem Apple Partnerunternehmen
weltweit erfasst werden, werden in der Regel von Apple Inc. In den USA gespeichert. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert sind, sorgt Apple stets für das gleiche hohe Maß an Schutz und Schutzmaßnahmen.
Die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Datenschutzpraktiken von Apple entsprechen dem Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs)-System und dem Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP)-System. Weitere Informationen zu diesen beiden Systemen
finden Sie hier
. Um unsere Zertifizierungen einzusehen, besuchen Sie das
Verzeichnis zur CBPR-System-Compliance
. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen zum Umfang unserer Teilnahme abrufen oder eine Datenschutzanfrage über unseren Accountability Agent
BBB National Programs
senden möchten, rufen Sie diese Seiten auf:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules-Programm
Privacy Recognition for Processors-Programm
Personenbezogene Daten von Personen in der Volksrepublik China können von Apple in Ländern außerhalb der Volksrepublik China verarbeitet werden, wie Apple Inc. in den USA oder Apple Distribution International Limited in der Republik Irland. Wo dies der Fall ist, geschieht dies in Übereinstimmung mit den örtlichen Gesetzen, einschließlich des Gesetzes zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten. Für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie dargelegten Zwecke der Verarbeitung kann Apple solche personenbezogenen Daten auch an externe Dienstanbieter übertragen, die die Daten wiederum außerhalb der Volksrepublik China speichern oder übertragen können. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Datenschutzangaben für Festlandchina
.
Damit die Sicherheit personenbezogener Daten gewährleistet ist, werden unsere Richtlinien über die Persönlichkeitsrechte und Sicherheitsvorkehrungen allen Mitarbeiter:innen von Apple bekannt gegeben und die Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zum Schutz der Persönlichkeitsrechte innerhalb des Unternehmens streng umgesetzt.
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Apple Datenschutzrichtlinie oder zu den Datenschutzpraktiken von Apple haben, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen ein Drittanbieter in unserem Namen handelt, oder unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten kontaktieren möchten, können Sie uns unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
erreichen oder die
Apple Support-Telefonnummer
für Ihr Land oder Ihre Region anrufen.
Sie können uns auch Fragen dazu stellen, wie Sie eine Datenschutzbeschwerde einreichen können, und wir werden unser Möglichstes tun, um Ihnen zu helfen.
Apple nimmt Ihre Fragen zum Datenschutz ernst. Ein kompetentes Team prüft Ihre Anfrage, um festzustellen, wie Ihre Frage oder Ihr Anliegen am besten beantwortet werden kann, einschließlich jener Anfragen, die als Antwort auf eine Zugriffs- oder Downloadanfrage eingehen. In den meisten Fällen erhalten alle wesentlichen Kontaktanfragen innerhalb von sieben Tagen eine Antwort. In anderen Fällen benötigen wir möglicherweise zusätzliche Informationen oder teilen Ihnen mit, dass unsere Antwort mehr Zeit in Anspruch nimmt.
Wenn Sie in Ihrer Beschwerde darauf hinweisen, dass wir den Umgang mit Datenschutzthemen verbessern könnten, werden wir entsprechende Schritte unternehmen, um dies bei der nächstmöglichen Gelegenheit umzusetzen. Falls sich ein Problem mit dem Datenschutz negativ auf Sie oder eine andere Person ausgewirkt hat, werden wir entsprechende Schritte unternehmen, um das Problem für Sie oder die andere Person zu lösen.
Sie können jederzeit – auch wenn Sie mit der Antwort von Apple nicht zufrieden sind – Ihre Beschwerde an die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde weiterleiten. Auf Ihre Anfrage hin versuchen wir Ihnen Informationen darüber bereitzustellen, welche Beschwerdewege Ihnen in Ihrem Fall zur Verfügung stehen.
Bei einer wesentlichen Änderung an dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie werden wir mindestens eine Woche im Voraus eine Mitteilung auf dieser Website veröffentlichen und Sie direkt über die Änderung informieren, wenn uns Ihre Daten vorliegen.
Unser CBPR-Zertifikat anzeigen
Unser PRP-Zertifikat anzeigen
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps