Deutsch
English
español
français (Canada)
français (France)
italiano
Nederlands (Nederland)
português (Brasil)
Türkçe
русский
العربية (مصر)
한국어
中文（中国）
中文（台灣）
日本語
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect,
        use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
        By using our video games, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Data Collected
Our games do not collect or store any personal identifiable information from our users.  We may collect certain non-identifiable
        gameplay data necessary for saving the user’s game progression and achievements, which would be stored on iCloud and on Game Center
        respectively.  This data is collected automatically when using our videogames and is transmitted and maintained by Apple.
We may also collect non-identifiable game-related data such as device type, stages played, game progression and unlocks for
        analytic purposes.
Personal data (such as name, e-mail address, etc) may be requested only when requesting technical support for one of our games.
Links to other websites
Our video games may contain links to our websites managed exclusively by Ironhide Games Studio, with the purpose of providing
        additional information about our services or requesting technical support.
Data Retention
Both personal and non-identifiable data is kept exclusively for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the
        user (like in the case of technical support) or  the purposes outlined in this document. However, the user can always request
        Ironhide to provide information about what data has been collected, as well as suspend or remove said data at any time.
Data pertaining to your saved games are stored both on your device and in your Apple iCloud/Game Center account, so you are
        able to opt-out of those functions in your device settings. Keep in mind that in doing so you may lose access to functions like
        cloud-saving and showing your achievements online.
Kids
We are concerned about protecting the privacy of children aged 16 and under and will never ask for personal identifiable
        information other than for technical support of our video games. In that case, we strongly advise children to get their
        parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever they provide us with personal information, and assure that said data will be
        deleted immediately once the request has been solved.
However, as stated above, we may collect non-identifiable gameplay-related data that allow the proper functioning of our
        video games and is in line with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“COPPA”) at 16 C.F.R. 312.2 and the EU General
        Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) (for users residing in EU countries).
Contact Information
For any questions regarding this Privacy Policy and our practices users may send an email to legal@ironhidegames.com with the
        subject Privacy Policy.
For information on any data stored by Apple services, please refer to Apple’s privacy policy.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review and will notify our users whenever changes are made. This Policy was last
        updated on 02/05/2021.