Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last updated Aug 2, 2021
SanSan
Studio
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes
Information collected through our Apps
In Short: We may collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps. If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information: Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's camera, photo/video library, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings. Mobile Device Data.
We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address. Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Apps, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
Personal Information
All personal details that you provide to our website are absolutely safe, private, and secure. We respect the importance of information security and confidentiality, and do not disclose them to outside sources.
We do not share your information with any third parties, with the exception of verified and secure e-commerce payment providers. When placing orders, our e-commerce provider handles your personal information and keeps it absolutely safe and secure—in fact, even we cannot access your credit card information. Your personal information (excluding credit card data) is shared with us only for administration purposes.
You can always choose not to provide your personal details, though they might be needed to make a purchase.
Information Collection and Use
SanSan
Studio collects personal information to improve the manner in which we operate and offer our products and services, communicate with you about those products and services, and provide effective, timely customer support when needed. We may collect the following information from our users:
First name, last name, email address
We also collect Non-Personal Information, a term that refers to data that does not identify you. Such information can be related to the Games including but your in-game score, how long you’ve been playing, and your in-game activities to create leadboards and show your friends progress.
Security
We have taken appropriate steps and followed industry standards to secure all personal data stored by our systems. All transactions are processed in keeping with the highest security level protocols, ensuring that no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.
However, while we take responsible measures to protect your Personal Information, the internet is not a 100% secure environment. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of all information transmitted or electronically stored. We disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to, disclosure or damage to, theft of, or loss of any Personal Information. By using our website and/or our software, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
Please note that you can terminate your account at any time and request that we completely delete all of your data we have stored. Just contact us at:
tsdev2310@gmail.com
Credit Card Transactions
We do not store any credit card information (name, credit card number, and expiration date) for any purchases made on our site.
Third-Party Data Collection and Use of End-User Information
When download
SanSan
Studio’s software via a third party platform — including Facebook — you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your third-party platform profile/account. You additionally allow us to access information contained in cookies placed on your device by the third-party platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with that platform. We may share this information with the third-party platform for their use as permitted by the terms of your agreement with and privacy settings on that platform.
Our games may contain third-party tracking tools from our service providers, for example, Google Ads, Facebook, Gamesparks. Such third parties may use SDKs, APIs, and cookies in our games to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. In order to provide their services, the third parties may have access to information such as your IP address, MAC address, geo-location, IMEI, and device identifier.
Agreement with SanSan Studio Policies
Our products, or our services, you signify your understanding of and consent to the
SanSan
Studio Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, we strongly urge you to refrain from using the
SanSan
Studio website, products, and services.
Advertising ID
The advertising ID is a unique, user-resettable ID for advertising, provided by the mobile device’s operating system. We may use this ID to enhance serving and taregting capabilities, re-target specific campaigns, pass the ID to our partners. Advertising ID does not reveal any information about the user or the device. If you prefer to opt-out or reset your Advertising ID please follow these standard instructions:
iOS -
Opt out of interest-based ads in the App Store and Apple News
Android -
Opt out of seeing personalized ads
Contact Us about Privacy
If for any reason you are concerned with the way that we may be using your personal information, you have questions about the privacy aspects of our products or services, or you wish to file a complaint, please contact us at:
tsdev2310@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it