Privacy Policy
Followers Reports is a followers analytics application for Instagram account holders with the features of unfollow detection, blockers detection, detection of profile interactions and such. This privacy policy describes how Followers Reports collects and uses the information you provide.
This privacy policy outlines how we collect and how we safeguard your information when you use for our application. Our App is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
If you use our application, you agree that we aggregate, store, process and transfer the data made available by you via the application or in any other services. The data provided by you may, or may not, be transferred to third parties. This means that we use the content, preferences and personal information that you provide through this service, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Use apply to all users and other users who access our services.
1.Information
1.1 We may collect your personal information like photo, videos, and share your account information, profile information, user content, preferences, product and content information, communications and marketing preferences, usage activities, purchase history, content you view , the apps you visited, device information and operating system.
1.2 We may ask advertisers or other partners to place advertisements or services on your device that may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or third parties.
1.3 We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service.
1.4 Every time you make a request to access a web page or application, your browser automatically reports log file information. It is also available when the content of a web page or application is downloaded to your browser or device. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our users, and then help us keep track of which emails are open and which links the recipient has clicked on. This information can more accurately report and improve services.
1.5 When you use a mobile device such as a tablet or mobile phone to access our services, we may access, collect, monitor, store your device, and/or store one or more device identifiers remotely.
2.Use of your information
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to help you efficiently access your information after you sign in, remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing; develop and test new products and features; monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; diagnose or fix technology problems; automatically update the application on your device. The application or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities on the Service.
3.Sharing personal information
There’s a limited list of purposes for which we can share your personal information with the third parties. We are not entitled to do that without the User’s permission. We are entitled to appeal to the third parties for providing the user with the certain services as well as to administer certain services by ourselves. We are entitled to share general information, which is not connected to the personal identification information. We never use your personal information for commercial purposes, we don’t sell, trade or rent it.
4.Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
5.Responsibility
We do not take responsibility for any problems or inconveniences our application might cause. Even though we can not guarantee our assistance we do however try to offer free support for all our users in event of a problem occurring.
6.Your choices about your information
6.1 Log in at any time and change your profile settings to update your account. Click on the “Unsubscribe link” provided in this type of communication to unsubscribe from our email communications. As mentioned above, you may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and settlement confirmations and alerts, service feature changes/updates, technical and security notifications).
6.2 Following termination or deactivation of your account, the application and its Affiliates or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
7.Other web sites and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. We are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content.
8.Making changes in the privacy policy
Our application is entitled to make changes to this privacy policy whenever it’s necessary. It’s the User’s responsibility to check this page and examine the terms. It’s recommended to stay aware of all the terms mentioned above and below to protect your own personal information. We ask every user to revise the date of the last modifications attentively at the bottom of this page and to review the privacy policy frequently enough to stay aware of alterations.
9.App usage according to the terms
Usage of this app confirms the text that User agrees to follow all the terms mentioned above. If you do not agree with our privacy policy, please, avoid using our app. If you continue using the app, we consider it as your agreeing to all the terms and changes made to them.
If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to our Services, you may contact us at
support@deepseafree.com