Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
We strictly comply with all relevant legislative & legitimate requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document. However, we reserve the rights to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without any prior notification to the users, and such amendments will be effective right from the date and time of issuance on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are under 18 years of age in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on your location), and in such case, user must get parental/guardian permission to get agreed with our terms. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as device ID, other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to use the
Service
.
Consent:
By Connecting, Entering, Accessing or Using our Apps/Web you agree to Privacy Policy and it clearly clarify us that you have carefully read about the collection and use of your personal and non-personal information through our apps and website and support channels.  In case of any concerns or to opt out, generously cease yourself from using our WEB and for Apps and Games you can simply Opt Out from within the app/game from Privacy Controls.
Information We Collect:
We may collect information to improve user experience. Following are the information we usually get via our web, games and apps.
·
Personally Identifiable Information
This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature. Users of the Site/App/Game automatically provide their IP address (or Mac Address) mainly for enhancing the User’s experience and for geo-location and security purposes as further detailed below. In addition, Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and voluntarily by the User:
We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, through your active acceptance to the Terms and the Privacy Policy and from Consent Dialog from within App/Game.
·
Non-Identifiable Data/Information
This portrays that we are wholly unaware of the user from whom we collect information non-identifiable information. Non-Personal Information is any open information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available to us while such User is entering into and/or using the Site/App/Game. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioural information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the User on the Site/App/Game, type of operating system, User's 'click-stream' or searches on the Site, type and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, etc.
·
Regular Information/Unexceptional Information
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes and let us know what pages and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
How We Collect Data/Enlightenments:
Information can be gathered automatically and programmatically, both indeed. Like;
1.      When user usually browsing our Site
2.      When user play our app/game
3.      When user contacts us via Email, social media medium i.e., Facebook and/or other Support Channels also
Purpose of Data/Information Collection
1        Non-Personal data is being used solely for sake of statistical and research and for customization and improvement of our
Site/App/Game
2       To respond back users, their information is being used when users contact us by Emails/Facebook or to reply their reviews in the same manner.
3     Personal Information including Location/IP address is being used to show Ads according to respective location of the user. In general terms we call this contextual advertisement.
4        We use the information we collect about you/your device to deliver services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
Delivering Our Services:
Developing, delivering and improving our products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing software updates and product support, understanding and analysing trends in connection with usage of the Apps, administering the Apps, and customer communications.
Displaying Advertisements:
Displaying third party advertisements in our Apps and showing advertisements for our Apps in other publisher’s apps.
Cross-promotion:
Cross Promoting our Apps and services, meaning we may promote one of our Apps while you are playing a different App of ours.
Analytics and Research
: understanding and analysing trends in connection with the usage of the Apps, gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the App was downloaded from. We may also create reports and analysis for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Apps and services, or to test our new game features and content. We use the data we receive from Third Party Social Network only for internal analytics. For opting out from analytics please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.
Advertising:
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
Oversea Transfer of Information:
You expressly agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites/Apps/Games:
Our game may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Minors
: To use of Site/App/Games, you must be over the age of thirteen. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen are not using the Site.
OptOut:
We have created an opt-out option within our Apps. You may choose it by visiting Privacy Controls and Selection No from Consent Screen, the Consent Screen is shown when you launch the App/Game for the first time, afterwards if you wish to change you can do it from Privacy Controls from within the app. Opting Out will mean that you will still be served ads, but they will not be tailored to your preferences. Opting out will also effect on Analytics and other 3
rd
Party SDKs used. Please note you cannot OptOut when you are using our website.
Discard of User Information:
We hereby inform our users that whenever we will not be needed our user’s affiliated/non-affiliated information, we will delete all their data, wouldn’t matter its nature. Also we will make sure the exact data deletion of our users by all third party partners. Meanwhile, user can also contact us if wish to discard its data/information. But we will be needed some prior information of that user to delete that information of the users. Feel free to contact us on below given email id for further queries and deletion of your data as well.
Contact US
:
Please write an email @
Umardilawar32@gmail.com
.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it