Privacy policy
We Thank you for playing our games. Your privacy is most significant to us, and we deem it as our duty to care for it seriously; therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what data we may collect, how we use and safeguard that data and with whom we may share it
DATA WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:
(a) To make our service available. We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(b) To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behaviour and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
(c) To provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content. We may use information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
(d) To communicate with you. We use the information we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
(e) To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce of law. We really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise, we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will share your information with third-party advertising services and analytics tools.
We collect the following categories of your personal information and may share it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the international space and provide our App to our Users around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union, US or other regions with laws governing data processing that may differ from England & Wales law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be transferred to a third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization where data protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same level of protection of a personal data as your country does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information. By using the App, you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the services of the hosting organizations. We take your privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal data before sending it to the hosting organizations for the purposes of its storage. Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security and reliability check.
HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy may change from time to time.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via
oanhnguyen811983@gmail.com
PETSTUDIO@
2025