Nonius Mobile Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, so
															the data provided with your consent is used exclusively in
															the context of the services we provide . This data isn’t
															sold to third parties nor used for marketing purposes.
															Nonius Mobile values its users' information and the
															transparency in the use of its services, which is why we ask
															you to read the conditions contained in our Privacy Policy
															carefully. Our Privacy Policy informs you, not only of how
															we deal with the processing of personal data, its purpose,
															means and conditions of its communication, but also your
															rights as the data holder. If you wish to manage your data
															or clarify any question regarding our privacy policy, you
															can contact us via e-mail at
dpo@noniussoftware.com
.
1. Information we collect
We
																collect information in the following ways:
1.1. Information
																provided by the user
In
																order to provide you with our service and for you to
																enjoy the features of our application, we need to
																collect, with your consent, some personal data:
Name;
E-mail;
Telephone number;
Nationality
.
1.2.
Information we
																collect from your use of our services
1.2.1. Device
																Information
In the
																case of Nonius Mobile Apps we collect the following
																information about your device:
Hardware model;
Operating system
																	version.
1.2.
2. Navigation
																information
We may
																collect information about your use of the application,
																including the menus and screens visited, always
																anonymously. We use information about how you navigate
																the application to be able to measure the interest
																generated by each of the contents presented.
1.2
.3. Location
																Information
We may
																collect and process information about your current
																location, always anonymously.
We use
																the information about your location to provide you with
																the most appropriate tourist information, such as by
																ordering content by proximity.
2.
How we use the
																information we collect
We use
																the information we collect in connection with the
																provision of our services but also to provide, maintain,
																protect and improve these services and to develop new
																services, as well as to guarantee the exercise of users’
																rights.
We may
																use the name given in the Nonius Mobile user profile in
																the provision of our services.
We use
																the language or nationality preferences of a user in
																order to present our services in the language of his
																choice. When we run ads, we don’t associate identifiers
																from cookies or similar technologies with special
																categories of data, such as those based on race,
																religion, sexual orientation or health.
Nonius
																Mobile processes personal information on Microsoft
																company servers located in Europe. We may process users'
																personal information on a server located outside the
																country of residence.
We
																communicate anonymous data to the Google Analytics
																service in order to get reports on how our app is
																used.
We use
																pseudonymized data through a Google algorithm to monitor
																application usage.
Finally, we retain the
																nationality data for statistical purposes.
We will
																request the express consent of the user before using
																information for other purposes than those expressly
																contemplated in this Privacy Policy.
3. Information we share
We
																don’t share personal information with companies,
																entities and individuals outside Nonius Mobile, except
																in the following circumstances:
3.1.
With the
																Hotels, Apartments or other Entities for which we
																develop the App
The
																Apps developed by Nonius Mobile are associated with an
																entity that provides services to the App users. This
																entity can be a Hotel, Apartment or another type of
																entity that has built and published an App with the
																Nonius Mobile platform. By accepting Nonius Mobile terms
																of use and privacy policy, users are consenting to these
																entities having access to the user data only in the
																context of the services provided by these entities
																through the respective App. The user's personal data
																isn’t sold to third parties or used for marketing
																purposes without their consent. Users personal data is
																deleted or anonymised after the guest’s check-out or
																after the data expiration period defined by Nonius
																Mobile (see Data retention period). We may share
																anonymised information, that is, information that
																doesn’t contain personally identifiable information,
																publicly and with our partners, including information to
																show trends in relation to the general use of our
																services.
3.2. With the platforms we
																use to build the Nonius Mobile solution
The
																Nonius Mobile solution is built using third-party
																platforms for software development, software hosting,
																component access, frameworks, and service access APIs
																required to build the Nonius Mobile solution.
The
																entities that we use for this purpose are identified
																here and don’t have access to users’ personal data
																or authorization to access them.
Microsoft – Solution
																	development and hosting support;
Google – Solution
																	development and hosting support;
Apple – Support for iOS
																	Apps hosting;
Twilio – Support VoIP
																	calls, not having access to the identification of
																	the users who make the calls;
Crashlytics –
																	Solution development support;
Cabify – Integration for
																	the purposes of transport requests;
Uber – Integration for the
																	purposes of transport requests, using the personal
																	account of the user to which the Nonius Mobile
																	doesn’t have access;
City Mapper – Integration
																	for the purpose of requesting information of public
																	transport, using the personal account of the user to
																	which the Nonius Mobile doesn’t have access
.
3.3. For legal reasons
We will share information with other
															entities external to Nonius Mobile as long as it is
															necessary to:
Fulfilment of a legal obligation to which Nonius Mobile
																is subject;
Defense of vital interests of the data owner or another
																single person;
Exercise of functions of public interest;
Effect of legitimate interests pursued by Nonius Mobile,
																since the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms
																of the holder that require the protection of personal
																data should not prevail.
4. Information security
We carefully protect Nonius Mobile
															and our users from unauthorised access, alteration,
															disclosure or destruction of information in our possession.
															Specifically:
Encrypted access to our services
																using SSL;
Browsing in Nonius Mobile
																solutions uses a secure channel;
We review our practices of
																collecting, processing and storing information,
																including physical security measures, to protect against
																unauthorised system access;
We restrict access to Nonius
																Mobile databases and systems to Nonius Mobile’s
																employees and subcontractors who need them for the
																performance of their duties and are subject to strict
																contractual confidentiality obligations whose
																non-compliance may lead to disciplinary action or
																termination of contract.
5. Push Notifications
The Nonius Mobile platform can send
															general push notifications to all users who downloaded the
															app and have the notifications setting enabled. These
															notifications do not use any personal information of the
															user. The user is free to disable the push notifications
															setting on it's device at any moment
6. Data retention period
Your
																personal data will be kept for the period of time
																necessary to provide our services through the Nonius
																Mobile application until you delete your user account,
																or until you exercise your right of opposition, withdraw
																your consent for the treatment or ask for the
																elimination of data.
However, your personal data will
																never be retained for more than a year, after which it
																will be erased or, when relevant for statistical
																purposes, anonymised.
7.
Rights of users of the
																Nonius Mobile service
Users
																of the Nonius Mobile service – data owners – have the
																right to access, rectify and delete their data, as well
																as the right to limit treatment, the right to object to
																data processing, the right to data portability and still
																have the right to withdraw consent at any time (without
																affecting the lawfulness of the treatment made on the
																basis of the consent previously given).
Users
																may submit a complaint to the Data Protection Authority
																(CNPD) for any violation of data protection
																legislation.
Nonius
																Mobile (WeDeliverAweomeApps, S.A) is responsible for the
																data and, in accordance with the General Data Protection
																Regulation (EU) 2016/679, has a data protection officer
																which is responsible for all the data.
In case
																of any doubt or questions regarding the use, access,
																rectification and delete of their data, the users shall
																contact the data protection officer through the
																following e-mail:
dpo@noniussoftware
																		.com
.
8. When this Privacy Policy
																applies
Our Privacy Policy applies to all
															services provided by Nonius Mobile.
Our Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to
															services provided by other companies or individuals,
															including products or websites that may be displayed in
															search results, websites that may include Nonius Mobile
															services or other websites with links from our services. Our
															Privacy Policy doesn’t cover information practices of other
															companies and organisations that advertise our services and
															may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies to
															publish and make relevant announcements available.
9.
Compliance and
																cooperation with regulatory authorities
We
																regularly evaluate our compliance with our Privacy
																Policy. When we receive claims or complaints in writing,
																we will contact the complainant to follow up on the
																case. We cooperate with relevant regulatory authorities,
																including local data protection authorities, to resolve
																any claims or complaints regarding the transfer of
																personal data that we can’t resolve directly with our
																users.
10.
Changes to the Terms
																and Privacy Policy
Our
																Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time. We will
																not reduce the rights you have acquired under this
																Privacy Policy without your express consent. Any changes
																to the privacy policy will be posted on this page and,
																if changes are significant, we will provide a more
																prominent notice (including, for certain services, email
																notification of changes to the privacy policy).
11. International transfers of
																personal data
Using
																the Nonius Mobile application may imply the transfer of
																your data outside of Portugal.
In such
																a case, Nonius Mobile shall comply strictly with the
																applicable legal provisions, in particular as regards
																the determination of the adequacy of the level of
																protection of the personal data of the recipient country
																of the transfer, as well as the requirements applicable
																to the transfer.