Privacy Policy
Gitt Willner
2025-03-13T11:15:12+01:00
Privacy Policy
At Aimo Park Sweden AB (hereinafter “Aimo Park”), we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Aimo Park wishes to offer the best possible service to our customers. In carrying out our business activities, Aimo Park may process your personal data. It is important for you to know that at Aimo Park, we make every effort to handle your personal data both carefully and securely.
What is personal data processing?
Personal data include any kind of information that can be directly or indirectly linked to an identified, or identifiable, natural person. An identifiable person is somebody who can be identified either directly, for example by name, or indirectly, using other details to which the data controller has access. Personal data processing is any activity undertaken by the data controller that involves personal data. Examples would include the transmission, structuring, alteration and storage of personal data.
Rights in relation to your personal data
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides the individual with certain rights in relation to their personal data. Aimo Park respects your rights and in this document, we describe how Aimo Park ensures that you can exercise your rights with respect to the privacy of your personal data.
You have the following rights:
The right to receive information about and to access personal data on you that are held by Aimo Park and to be given confirmation as to whether personal data are processed.
If the personal data we hold on you are incorrect, you can contact Aimo Park to have your information corrected.
You have the right to ask Aimo Park to erase information that is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
You can also ask Aimo Park to restrict the use of your personal data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can contact us via the contact details below.
Collection and overview of your personal data
Aimo Park collects and processes personal data in order to deliver our services effectively and to provide you with the best possible experience of our products and services. You provide your personal data to us directly.
You provide personal data when you rent a parking bay, create an online account, make purchases, approve a contract, contact Aimo Park for support or appeal a fine. We may also collect and process personal data when we collect a fine or use video surveillance in order to prevent theft or vandalism, to provide an optimal level of service and to support our operational process.
The personal data we process includes:
Contact details (personal identity number, full name, address, postcode, country, city, telephone number and email address)
Bank account details
Vehicle registration number
Photographs (for restricted parking)
Date and location of parking, including location details
Camera recordings from parking facilities and, where applicable, from body cameras (see the separate section below on video surveillance)
Data related to company vehicle tracking systems
Phone call recordings
Any other written communications that you provide when in touch with us, for example when contacting customer support or appealing a fine.
Aimo Park’s personal data processing
Below is a list of the purposes for which Aimo Park processes personal data and the legal bases for this processing.
In order to deliver our services to you as a private individual (contract fulfilment)
In order to process your job application or employment (contract fulfilment)
In order to provide customer support (contract fulfilment) In certain cases, this also encompasses following up on and analysing your support cases in order to improve our customer service.
In order to process appealed fines (contract fulfilment)
In order to market our services (balancing of interests)
In order to communicate with representatives of our customers and clients (contract fulfilment)
In order to administer your visit to our parking facilities and premises (contract fulfilment and balancing of interests)
In order to fulfil legal requirements or pursue legal proceedings (legal obligation/balancing of interests)
In order to fulfil our contractual obligations to our clients (balancing of interests)
In order to conduct video surveillance for the purpose of preventing and deterring criminal activity (balancing of interests) For more information about this, see the section below on video surveillance.
We retain personal data in accordance with the retention periods set out in Aimo Park’s data retention policy. Contact us via our email address below for privacy matters if you would like any more information in regards to this or any other information about our personal data processing.
Sharing of your personal data
We may share your personal data with:
Suppliers who carry out work on our behalf. If these suppliers act as Aimo Park’s personal data processors, then a separate data processing agreement is concluded.
Third parties where this is required under the law or as the result of a legal process or obligation. Such parties may include the police, the Swedish Transport Agency, the tax authorities or other government authorities. Camera images may be shared with the police and prosecutors in connection with criminal investigations.
In exceptional circumstances, personal data may also be shared with property owners/housing associations to comply with our agreements with such parties.
We may also collect information from the Swedish Transport Agency in connection with fine processing.
Video surveillance:
This section refers to traditional video surveillance at Aimo Park’s facilities and the automatic recording of vehicle number plates. For information about Aimo Park’s use of body cameras, please refer to our
Privacy Policy for Body Cameras here.
We use video surveillance to prevent theft and vandalism, to prevent and deter violence, to offer optimal levels of service and to support our operational procedures
Video surveillance may also be in use at certain parking facilities in the form of a simplified payment solution known as Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) which uses cameras to read vehicle registration plates. Data processed in connection with video surveillance includes registration numbers and other image captures which can be attributed to a natural person. We retain data from video surveillance for up to two months unless, in exceptional circumstances, we need to keep the data for longer than this in order to protect our legal interests. For example, this might be the case if a crime has been committed and the material is needed in connection with a police/prosecutor investigation.
Specific procedure for accessing camera images:
Camera images represent personal data for which we are the recipient and which we protect with extra care. Video surveillance footage is covered by a confidentiality obligation and protected by established procedures to prevent unauthorised access or use.
We may disclose the footage to law enforcement authorities or other authorities if required to do so by law or to protect our interests – for example, in connection with an insurance case. If you wish to access camera images, we ask that you complete a form to request access to camera images. We will ask a number of questions about the information shown on the images and the appearance of the individual data subject. This is because there may be others who appear in the footage and this enables us to anonymise those people.
Regarding body cameras
Aimo Park’s parking attendants wear body cameras within certain areas. For more information on this form of personal data processing, please refer to our
Privacy Policy for Body Cameras here.
Using the Aimo Park website
Provision of personal data to third parties
Aimo Park may share personal data with a third party in accordance with applicable laws and regulations (for example, when Aimo Park is required to do so by law).
Cookies
Aimo Park uses cookies to track the number of visitors to our website. Read more about how we use cookies
here.
Corrections and revisions
We look over this policy on an ongoing basis, and it is also subjected to an annual review by the policy owner. Special circumstances may also result in additional scrutiny being required. The Aimo Park website and the products and services it offers are constantly developing. The above text will be evaluated and modified from time to time to reflect this development. Changes will also be made as required by law and by regulations. Although Aimo Park endeavours to keep you informed about any changes made to our Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to make changes without informing you. As a visitor to the website, Aimo Park recommends that you review this Privacy Policy regularly in order to stay up to date with the work currently being undertaken by Aimo Park in relation to personal data protection.
Security of your personal data
Aimo Park protects your personal data by adopting appropriate technical and organisational measures in order to ensure a level of security appropriate to the current level of risk. Aimo Park also trains its staff in data security and the basic principles of handling such data. Aimo Park restricts access to ensure that only people who have a need to access the personal data will be able to do so.
Email address for privacy matters
Aimo Park has worked hard to develop internal policies, protect personal data, raise awareness and help respond to private questions about Aimo Park’s collection and use of personal data. Aimo Park is the data controller and has therefore created an email address for privacy matters that you can use if you want to contact us to file a complaint or to exercise one of your rights in relation to your personal data.
If you have any questions, please contact us:
Aimo Park Sweden AB
Förmansvägen 11
117 43 Stockholm, Sweden
gdpr@aimopark.se
For more information about the GDPR, you can visit the website of the
Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection
.
Would you like to access your personal data? You can do so easily by confirming your identity using Mobile BankID. Confirmation will be sent to the email address you provide.
Confirm your identity using Mobile BankID here.