Privacy & Terms Policy
“ism” was created to edit photos and videos. “ism” helps users to apply filters and effects to photos and videos using artificial intelligence. This policy describes how “ism” collects, uses, and shares data and information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices, and contact us if you have any questions.
What “ism” collects
The information we collect is used to better serve you. This information, and how it is used, depends on how you use our product. The information you share with us is stored with identifiers linked to your use of the application, website, or device. This allows us to maintain your preferences and provide automatic product updates. “ism” may link to third parties. “ism’s” Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
The information we collect includes usage data, which may include identifiers like device type and settings, operating systems, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information like your IP address, crash reports, system activity, and date, time, and referrer URL.
We may collect public information about you, such as what is provided by our marketing partners who help us identify potential customers of our services and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse. We use various technologies to collect and store information, including “cookies,” local storage, databases, server logs, and application data caches.
Personal Data
“ism” may receive personal data about you from other individuals, businesses, third parties, or our partners who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention.
We may use datasets such as those that could be associated with an identifiable person for research, development, business analytics, and product marketing purposes. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in compliance with applicable law. We do not attempt to re-identify individuals who appear therein when using such datasets.
Why “ism” collects this data
We use the data we collect to deliver our services and ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. The information you provide helps us to improve our services and products, and help us develop new ones. We may also combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices.
Data Transfers
We provide the same protection regardless of where your data is processed. If we receive formal written complaints, we will respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
Cookies & Other Technologies
Websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies. These technologies help us to better understand user behavior and measure effectiveness of our services.
Changes to Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. We will indicate the date of the last change where published.
How to Contact Us
AHAF, LLC.
info@ism-app.com