Detectir
- Privacy Policy
Detectir (“we”, “our”, or “us”), is a mobile cybersecurity app whose main legal entity is Cyberr GmbH, a company registered in Switzerland (collectively, “Detectir”). We will collect and use information obtained via the Detectir mobile application (the “App”), as described in this Policy. In doing so, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and personal information, in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy rules. For the purposes of EU data protection law, Cyberr GmbH is the controller of your personal information.
This Policy explains how we use, share and otherwise process the personal information we collect or receive when we provide the Services, such as when you use the App. Please read this Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
OUR SERVICES
This Policy explains how we use, share and otherwise process the personal information we collect or receive when we provide the Services, such as when you use the App. Please read this Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
Detectir basic app:
As an unregistered Detectir basic service user, we will not collect your name, email address, or other contact information. We will collect the originating public IP address and the MAC addresses of the devices you submit to us for the purpose of device recognition, in order to match your device with a corresponding device type, brand, and model. We will not require you to create an account or provide us with your name, email address, or other contact information. You also can turn off device recognition at any time.
Detectir account holders and users:
If you register an account with Detectir we will collect your name, email address, location and a password. This information will be combined with technical information about your device and other information we may collect about you or your use of the Services, and we will handle all such information as described in this Policy.
DETAILS ABOUT OUR PRACTICES
This Policy is composed of the following sections:
I. Information we collect
II. How we use your information
III. Legal basis for processing your information
IV. Disclosure of your information
V. Where and how we store and process your information
VI. How long we store your information
VII. Your rights
VIII. Children’s information
IX. Changes to this Policy
X. How to contact us
I. Information we collect
When we provide the Services, we collect or receive personal information in several different ways. In some cases you choose to provide us with information, while in other cases we automatically collect information from your use of the Services.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us:
You can give us information about you by filling in forms on the App or by corresponding with us by email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you visit and use our Websites including our community platform, register to use the App, subscribe to our service, make a payment to us, search for networks using our service, sync to the cloud, or report a problem with the App.
Depending on the circumstances, the information you give us may include your name, address, email address and geo-location. We may ask for or receive personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Website or App or as you use interactive features of the Websites, including, participation in surveys, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating with us.
For example, if you register an account with Detectir we will collect your name, email address, location and a password. If you choose to use our community platform, you can submit certain information to create a profile, such as a username, password, email, avatar and optional profile information. When using the community platform, you can send conversation messages, comment on users’ walls, activity or discussions, or mention other users. If you click on or reply to an advertisement or other offer, we may log your interaction with the advertisement.
Information from your browser or device:
We give you as much control as possible over your information. In general, you can visit the App without telling us who you are or revealing information like your name, email address or other contact information. However, depending on the service you use, we may automatically collect the following information via the Services:
1. technical information, including the IP address used to connect your device to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, type of device;
2. information on MAC addresses and Wi-Fi networks you collect through the App. Please note that this Policy does not exempt you from any obligations you may incur should you collect other individuals’ personal information;
3. information about your visit to and use of the App or Websites, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); networks viewed or searched for; app response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, app interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the App;
4. information from cookies and similar technologies, including device identifiers, which helps us recognize you, remember your preferences, and personalize your experience. Our third party advertising partners also use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about users for advertising purposes as described below.
5. information from SDKs and other storage technologies help us and certain third parties, such as social media networks, analytics providers and advertiser platforms, to collect or receive information from our Websites and App to provide measurement services and target ads..
Information we may receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use any other services we provide. We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
For example, advertisers may provide us with information about their users or customers to help us personalise advertising or measure the performance of their advertisements. In addition, service providers may provide information about our users for analytics, tailored services and measurement. If you sign up to the Services, including our platform, through Facebook or Google and connect your accounts, we will receive information from Facebook or Google to automatically create your Detectir account, populate your profile, and request a login token.
II. How we use your information
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. This includes:
Information you give to us.
We may use this information:
(a) to provide and improve the Services you have subscribed for or that you otherwise use;
(b) to create your account and populate your profile, including on the community platform;
(c) to provide and improve the community platform, including by allowing you to send conversation messages, comment on users’ walls, activity or discussions, or mention other users;
(d) to respond to any enquiries or requests for information you may have sent to us;
(e) to notify you about changes to the App or send you notifications relating to our community platform;
(f) to send you information about our Services, including marketing communications, unless you unsubscribe from such communications;
(g) to ensure that content from the App is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; and
(h) to deliver and improve personalized advertising, unless you have opted out.
Information we collect about you.
We may use this information:
(a) to administer the App and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
(b) to improve the App to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; or to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
(c) as part of our efforts to keep the App safe and secure;
(d) to share the information with our trusted service providers, where applicable, for the provision of our services; trusted service providers are for example our cloud service provider or the service provider we use for sending out our own newsletter;
(e) to deliver and improve personalized advertising in the App and on the Websites based on your profile and your actions on the Services, unless you have opted out, in which case you may receive generic or contextual advertising;
(f) to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we or our service providers may serve to you and others;
(g) to deliver relevant communication to you within the App or otherwise through the Services, such as sending transactional emails and alerts related to your use of the App;
(g) to deliver relevant communication to you within the App or otherwise through the Services, such as sending transactional emails and alerts related to your use of the App;
(h) to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of the App about goods or services that may interest you or them, and for behavioural analysis;
(i) to diagnose and resolve problems, analyse trends, and monitor usage and resource needs and
(j) in de-identified format for analytical, statistical and business purposes. We may for example publish aggregated reports on the adoption of certain connected devices in different regions in the world, or provide you with statistics of how your network speed or performance compares to other users in your area.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you through other sources e.g. Google Ads/ Analytics. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive). For example, we may customise advertising offers you see through the App or Websites based on information from our advertisers or service providers.
If you sign up to Detectir via Facebook or Google and connect your accounts, we use your Facebook or Google information to automatically create your Detectir account, populate your profile, and request a login token so you can log into Detectir in the future without connecting through Facebook or Google.
III. Legal basis for processing your information
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. This includes:
Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the information concerned and the specific context in which we collect or receive it. However, we will only collect your personal information where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where it is necessary to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Services you have requested), or (c) the processing is necessary in our or a third party’s legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect or use your personal information, or may otherwise need to use your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. For example, you can revoke your consent to personalised advertising by changing your privacy settings. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide such information).
We rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your personal information in the following cases:
Keeping the Services safe and secure: we use your information as necessary in our and users’ legitimate interests of ensuring the Services are secure, such as implementing and enhancing security measures and protections, protecting against fraud, spam and abuse, and enforcing our Terms of Service.
Providing, improving, and developing the Services: we use your information to provide the Services, including any personalised services, and to understand and improve our business and our user relationships. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of providing innovative and tailored Services.
Sending marketing communications: we rely on our legitimate interests in marketing and promoting our Services to use your contact information and send you marketing communications in accordance with applicable law.
Sharing information for legal and safety reasons: where required for legal and safety reasons, we may disclose information to law enforcement and related agencies and authorities in furtherance of the legitimate interests described further below.
IV. Disclosure of your information
In the course of providing the Services, we may share your information with selected third parties including:
(a) suppliers and sub-contractors to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services, such as the community management platform supporting our community platform or the email service providers sending our marketing emails.;
(b) partners and advertisers, to help serve, tailor and measure the interaction with ads, to identify similar audiences, to track or report on the overall effectiveness of ads. For example, we may share with our advertising partners device identifiers of our members to help them personalize the ads they see or, where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information about you in hashed form, such as a hashed email address, with our advertising partners and other third parties that help us serve ads;
(c) analytics and search engine providers that assist us in understanding, improving and optimising the Services, such as our service provider of an SDK that helps us understand how you use the App;
(d) in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; and
(e) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with any legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Detectir, our customers, or others. This includes, where relevant, exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
V. Where and how we store and process your information
Detectir is a global business. To offer a consistent service to you, we manage the Services from servers provided by a third party cloud service provider that are located in Switzerland and Germany. The information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored on these servers. It may also be processed by staff operating in other countries within the European Economic Area, who work for Detectir or for one of our suppliers. To provide you with the Services when you are on the go, we may need to store, process and transmit information in locations around the world from where you are accessing our services - including those outside your country.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the App. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. For any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us dev@detectir.io.
VI. How long we retain your information
Detectir stores your information on its cloud servers for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the Services. We may need to retain some of your information for a longer period, such as in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes or defend against legal claims, or to enforce our Terms of Use. You can request the deletion of your personal information at any time by terminating your account or by writing to us dev@detectir.io.
VII. Your rights.
We take our users’ rights into the highest regard. You benefit from a number of rights in relation to the personal information that we use. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We recognize, and commit to respect and enforce, the following rights:
(a) The right to be informed: upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold or process any of your personal information. To request this information, please contact us dev@detectir.io.
(b) The right of access: as a user of our Services, you may access your personal information, at any time, by logging into the Detectir App
(c) The right to rectification: as a user of our Services, you may update or change your Account Information by editing them yourself from your profile area of the Detectir App. For any further information, or if you encounter any difficulty in updating your information, you can email us dev@detectir.io.
(d) The right to erasure: if you no longer wish to use our Services, you can erase your personal information from the Account area of the Detectir App. You can also exercise this right by making a request, in accordance with the GDPR, by emailing dev@detectir.io.
(e) The right to restrict or object to processing: you have the right to object to or request that we refrain from or restrict our processing of your personal information under certain circumstances. If you object to us processing your data for the purpose of direct marketing, we will no longer process your data for this purpose. Where you object to our processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interests explained above, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. To exercise these rights, you may click the “unsubscribe” link in any email from us, update your preferences in your account, or contact us via email dev@detectir.io.
(f) The right to data portability: in certain circumstances, you have the right to request that some of your personal information is exported and transferred – in a safe way – to another provider of services similar to ours. You may exercise this right by making a request, in accordance with the GDPR, by emailing dev@detectir.io.
VIII. Children’s information
The Detectir Services are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us dev@detectir.io.
IX. Links to third party websites
The App may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these apps or websites, please note that these have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check those policies before you submit any data to such apps or websites.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
From time to time, we make changes to this Policy so please check back frequently to see any updates or changes. Any material changes we may make to this Policy will be notified via the App and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer dev@detectir.io.