Terms and Conditions
Lightbooth
These Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) are a legally binding document that describes your and Lightbooth’s rights and obligations in connection with the services that Lightbooth offers and makes available to you free of charge (the “Services”).
When the term “guests” is used in the Conditions below, this means physical and real persons, who take or have taken advantage of Lightbooth's Services.
Lightbooth's Services
Lightbooth's Services consist of making a modern, digital photo booth available to venues, i.e. shops, restaurants, bars, nightclubs, shopping malls, cinemas, cafés, and similar outlets (“Venue”). The guests of the Venue may by self-service take one or more photographs of themselves and their friends, accompanied by a short video sequence recorded in the moments before the photograph is taken. To take a photograph, the guest must enter their mobile phone number. After the photograph has been taken, the guest will receive a text message or another type of notification containing a link to Lightbooth's website or to a mobile application where it is possible to gain full access to the photograph. Afterwards, the guest may look at and use the photograph in question for private purposes free of charge and for instance share it on the social media.
Lightbooth also provides a mobile application at no charge which allows the guest to view all of the photos and videos ever taken, along with the optional possiblity to post photos or videos publicly onto a media feed called the Wall. The guest can at any time decide to remove any given photo/video from the Wall again, or delete them altogether. The guest furthermore has a profile which can contain personal information such as the guest's name, birthday, gender, and city. The guest can make the profile public or private at any time as they wish. Private profiles can only be viewed by those explicitly granted permission to do so by becoming a Follower of the profile. The guest can at any time choose to have the information in the profile deleted.
Additional free or charged services may be offered on the Lightbooth web site or in the mobile application, for instance the ability to order print versions of the photos. Such services may vary due to local availability, and will be visible in the app or on the web site if available.
Copyright
Lightbooth's Services allows you to post, link, store, share e.g. photographs taken via the digital photo booth, and Lightbooth does not claim any ownership or licenses rights of such photographs taken via Lightbooth's Services.
When you use Lightbooth's Services, you simultaneously warrant that all persons who are visually apparent from photographs taken via the digital photo booth have agreed to your use of Lightbooth's Services.
All photographs taken via Lightbooth's Services may not be used for any commercial purposes, including but not limited to acts of modification, distribution, reposting and copying without Lightbooth's written consent.
Registration
You may only use Lightbooth's Services with your correct phone number.
Processing of your personal data
Lightbooth is the data controller for the personal data collected from you by use of Lightbooth's Services. Lightbooth only processes personal data that you have disclosed in connection with using Lightbooth's Services, e.g. your name, birthdate, and your contact details, as well as the photographs and videos taken using the digital photo booth.
If you use the Lightbooth Map to search for the nearest Lightbooth, your location at the time of the search is submitted only after explicit permission has been granted.
Your personal data is used to communicate with you in relation to Lightbooth's Services, e.g. to send the photograph and these Conditions to you, to communicate with you for the purposes of direct and targeted marketing and for administration of our leads database. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest to communicate with you, to promote the products and services of a specific enterprise when you have consented to receive direct marketing from such enterprise, including targeted marketing, and to update and develop our leads database for marketing purposes. It is our assessment that such legitimate interests are regarded to override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms (GDPR, article 6 (1) (f)).
Recipients of your personal data include the enterprise that have obtained your consent to direct marketing messages and other potential cooperative partners which may receive your personal data is in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. Certain recipients process personal data on behalf of us and such data processors may only process your personal data in accordance with the instructions given by Lightbooth and are not allowed to process your personal data for their own purposes.
Your personal data will be stored as long as necessary for the above-mentioned purposes. If you have consented to receive direct marketing messages, your personal data will be stored up to 3 years after you have withdrawn your consent for documentations purposes.
You have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data as well as restriction of processing of your personal data. You also have the right to object to processing, especially when your personal data is processed for the purposes of direct marketing, and the right to data portability. In case you have consented to processing of your personal data, you may at any time withdraw your consent. Exercising this right will however not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to your withdrawal. If you wish to lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data, you may contact the Danish Data Protection Agency (
www.datatilsynet.dk
). However, if you are not satisfied with our processing of your personal data, we kindly request you to contact us by use of the contact details below.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies, which are aimed to give you the most optimal use of our website. Cookies are small text files that make it possible to save information from the device that visits the website until the next time the website is visited by the same device. As a guest you will be asked the first time you visit our website to consider whether you want to accept cookies or not.
Our website may also use third party cookies, including use of Google Analytics, with a purpose to track statistics about the use of our website.
It is possible to delete the cookies that have been saved on your device. The method of deleting cookies is different depending on which internet browser you are using - please see the guidance in relation to the most used browsers below.
How to delete and block cookies with Firefox
How to delete and block cookies with Google Chrome
How	to delete and block cookies with Internet Explorer
Age requirements
To be able to use Lightbooth's Services you must be of legal age, meaning at least eighteen years old.
Limitation of Liability
Lightbooth is not and cannot be held responsible for the way in which a guest may use a photograph taken by means of our Services.
Lightbooth is not and cannot be held liable for the way in which photographs taken by means of the Services are used by the Venue and/or Lightbooth's other cooperative partners.
Lightbooth is not and cannot be held liable for the quality, the legality, or otherwise the character of the purpose for which the Venue and/or our other cooperative partners may use a given photograph.
Lightbooth accepts no obligations in relation to the guest and is not and cannot be held liable for the further use of any given photograph.
Lightbooth is not obliged to store a given photograph.
You should always show a high degree of caution and carefulness when sharing photographs, including photographs taken by means of Lightbooth's Services.
Lightbooth does not tolerate objectionable content or abusive users, and such abuse may lead to deletion of photographs and in the user being limited access to the Services.
You must indemnfy Lightbooth of any liability, claims and expenses that may be raised against Lightbooth as a consequence of your breach of these Conditions and/or as a consequence of your violation of current law.
The Services provided by Lightbooth may be inaccessible. Lightbooth cannot be held liable for lack of access, no matter the duration of the inaccessibility.
Lightbooth solely makes the technical equipment available for the delivery and performance of the Services described above.
Lightbooth does not carry through any inspection of the photographs taken by means of Lightbooth's Services.
Lightbooth reserves its right to remove any photograph that does not fulfil our Conditions or comply with current law.
Lightbooth reserves the right to block a guest’s access to using our Services in case misuse of our Services is proved or suspected.
Changes to these Conditions
Lightbooth reserves its right to change these present Conditions on an ongoing basis and publish new versions. The new version of these Conditions will enter into force and be effective as from the date when it has been published on our website.
Contact Details
Lightbooth is a limited-responsibility company registered in Denmark on the address Gammeltorv 8, Copenhagen, and with the company registration (CVR) number DK38607375. If you have any questions about these Conditions, please contact Lightbooth by e-mail (
info@lightbooth.dk
) or phone (
+4578754800
).
Governing Law
These Conditions and any use of Lightbooth's Services are subject to Danish law.