Privacy Policy
This policy only applies to the LotusLamp X products of EasyLink Intelligent Lighting Technology Shenzhen Company(developer name).
Last updated: February 7, 2023
Welcome to use our and services! We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will strictly abide by laws and regulations and take corresponding security protection measures, and are committed to keeping your personal information safe and controllable. Based on this, the product service provider has formulated this ' Privacy Policy' (hereinafter referred to as 'this privacy policy') to help you fully understand when you use our products and services process, how we collect, use, store and protect your personal information and how you can manage your personal information so that you can better make appropriate choices.
Before you start to use our products and services, please be sure to read and understand this policy carefully, especially the terms and conditions marked in bold/bold underline, to ensure that you fully understand and agree to use it. We try our best to explain the professional terms involved in this policy in a concise and popular way for your understanding. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact us through the contact information at the end of this policy.
Your consent to the privacy policy means that you have understood the functions provided by the app and the necessary personal information required for the operation of the functions, and have given the corresponding authorization to collect and use it, but it does not mean that you have separately agreed to enable additional functions and process non-essential personal information. For enabling additional functions, processing non-essential personal information and processing sensitive personal information, we will separately seek your consent based on your actual usage.
1. In order to ensure the realization of product functions and the purpose of safe and stable operation, we may apply for or use the relevant permissions of the operating system;
2. In order to ensure the realization of product functions and better services, the information we automatically collect: when you interact with our products, in order to ensure your normal use of our services, maintain the normal operation of our services, improve and optimize our service experience and Perform user statistics, analyze user stickiness, and serve you better. We will automatically collect mobile device information, including device identifiers (including device identifiers (IMEI、IDFA、Android ID, MAC, OAID, IMSI and other device-related information), based on different devices and systems (Android/iOS) and system version, the collected device information will be different, and the actual collection shall prevail. If you do not agree to our collection of the aforementioned information, you may not be able to control the light strip device normally. Please understand that in order to ensure that you can normally control the light strip device, every time When you switch the LotusLamp X to the background or restart the program, we may read it again, and we will control the reading frequency within a reasonable range.
3. In order to protect your right to know, we display the relevant operating system permissions that the product may apply for and use in the following list, and you can manage the relevant permissions according to your actual needs;
4. According to product upgrades, the types and purposes of application and use rights may change. We will adjust the list according to these changes in a timely manner to ensure that you are informed of the application and use of rights in a timely manner;
5. Please be aware that for the functional and security needs of our business and products, we may also use third-party SDKs, and these third parties may also apply for or use relevant operating system permissions;
6. The following applies to the APP together. If there is a separate applicable scene or purpose, it will be explained in the following list.
Android OS App Permission List
No
Permission Grouping
Permission Name
Functional Description
Accessible Personal Information
Examples of Business Functions
1
CAMERA
CAMERA shot
Allow the app to use the camera
photo or video
Used to set the device icon
2
LOCATION Location
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION Access Rough Location
Allow APP to obtain rough geographical location based on base station, IP, etc.
Coarse Geolocation Information
Used to communicate with devices via Bluetooth
3
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION Access to Precise Positioning
Allow APP to obtain precise geographic location based on GPS, etc.
Accurate geographic location information
Used to communicate with devices via Bluetooth
4
MICROPHONE Microphone
RECORD_AUDIO Recording
Allow APP to use microphone for recording
Recording Content
Used to control the rhythm effect of the light strip through audio
5
STORAGE Storage
WRITE_EXTERAL_STORAGE write to external memory
Allow APP to write to external storage
Personal data stored in external memory
Used to read the rhythm of the music display
6
READ_EXTERAL_STORAGE read external memory
Allow APP to read external memory
Personal data stored in external memory
Used to control lighting effects by voice
7
PictureSelector WRITE_EXTERAL_STORAGE
Allow APP to write to external storage
Personal data stored in external memory
Used to read photo settings icons and backgrounds
8
PictureSelector READ_EXTERAL_STORAGE
Allow APP to read external memory
Personal data stored in external memory
Used to display local pictures for selection and set the background
9
AndroidSupportLibraryFragment WRITE_EXTERAL_STORAGE
Allow APP to write to external storage
Personal data stored in external memory
Used to read photo settings icons and backgrounds
10
AndroidSupportLibraryFragment READ_EXTERAL_STORAGE
Allow APP to read external memory
Personal data stored in external memory
Used to display local pictures for selection and set the background
7. Your right to your personal information
Your right to your personal information is subject to relevant laws, regulations and regulatory provisions. We guarantee that you can exercise your right to your personal information. We will reply or respond to your following right requests within 30 days:
Change the scope of your authorization
You can find out the specific ways to realize the above rights by referring to the relevant privacy policy. In any case, you can send an email to BA01@newwavex.com.cn or support@newwavex.com.cn Feel free to contact us< br/>
8. Update of this Privacy Policy
This application may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time.
This application will prompt the user through a prominent position in this application before the revision takes effect, or through feasible channels and methods as far as possible. You will be notified of the revision, please update the latest version of this application to check the revised privacy policy.
In this case, if you continue to use the products or services of this application, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
9. Contact with this application
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, you can send an email to support@newwavex.com.cn to contact us.
I reserve the right to interpret the terms of this policy.