Need a Hand?
We’ve got you. Check out our support pages for answers. If you need more support, chat with a member of the Juicy Couture team using the live chat at the bottom right of the screen.
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Route Insurance
Klarna
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Mobile Alerts Policy
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how
ABG Juicy Couture LLC
, part of the Authentic Brands Group, LLC (“
ABG
”) family of companies, (“
Juicy Couture
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”) collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise processes information about you, including when you access or use our websites, mobile apps, or our other online products and services (collectively, our “
Services
”), or when you otherwise interact with us, such as through our customer support channels, or on social media. We may provide different or additional notices of our privacy practices for certain products, services, or activities, in which case those notices will supplement or replace the disclosures in this Privacy Policy.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy. If we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the Services or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BECAUSE BY ACCESSING THE SERVICES AND/OR CREATING AN ACCOUNT WITH US, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, TRANSFER, AND STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION RECEIVED BY US AS A RESULT OF SUCH USE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO SUCH PROCESSING, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.
CONTENTS
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Security of Information
Processing of Information
Targeted Advertising and Analytics
Disclosure of Information
Your Choices
Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Certain U.S. States
Children’s Privacy
Contact Us
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
The information we collect about you depends on how you interact with us or use our Services. In this section, we describe the categories of information we may collect and the sources of this information.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you create an account, fill out a form, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information that we obtain may include:
your name and contact information (such as email address, billing and shipping address, and phone number) ;
Demographic information, such as your age or gender;
Commercial information, such as the products you have purchased, returned or considered; dates and times of product purchases; purchase prices; loyalty rewards earned; and your product preferences;
Payment information, such as your method of payment and payment card information;
Identity verification information, such as membership information, and usernames and passwords;
Social media information, such as your social media handles and content you post on our social medial pages;
User content, such as your communications with us and any other content you provide (including photographs, reviews, survey responses, and conversations with us (including in connection with customer support));
Inferences drawn from or created based on other personal information we obtain about you; and
Any other information you choose to provide.
Information we collect from you may be combined with information we obtain about you by automated means (as further detailed below), such as website usage details stored in cookies on your browser.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you use our Services, interact with our social media pages, or open our emails, we and our third-party service providers may obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns.
The information we automatically collect about your interactions with us or our Services includes:
Activity Information:
We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as items you place in your cart.
Device and Usage Information:
We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as download and access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
These technologies help us:
remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it;
track and understand how you use and interact with our websites and count visits;
tailor our websites around your preferences;
improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular;
measure the usability of our websites and the effectiveness of our communications; and
otherwise manage and enhance our websites and help ensure they are working properly.
For more information about the cookies and other tracking technologies we use, and the choices available to you, see the
Targeted Advertising and Analytics
section and the
Your Choices
section below.
You can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject all or some browser cookies. For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.  You can also adjust certain cookie settings by clicking
here
. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Our websites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may infer your approximate location based on your IP address or infer that you are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.
Sources of Information
We obtain information from various sources. For example, we may collect information directly from you, from other companies in the ABG corporate family, licensing partners, marketing and advertising partners, data analytics providers, service providers, vendors, social media sites or similar third-party services, and mailing list providers. In addition, we may receive your personal information from other consumers, such as friends and family who, for example, send you gifts through the Services.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the categories of information we collect to fulfill your orders and to provide, maintain, and improve our Services and other offerings. We also use the information we collect to:
Personalize your experience with us;
Send you technical notices, security alerts, support messages, and other transactional or relationship messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Juicy Couture and others, and provide news and information that we think will interest you, including through advertisements (see the
Your Choices
section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
Provide you with customer service support;
Monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our advertising including our advertising on third-party platforms and websites (for more information see the
targeted advertising and analytics
section below);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products and services;
Develop new products and services;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, surveys, and promotions we may offer and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Support our internal business operations;
Detect, investigate, and help prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and help protect the rights and property of Juicy Couture and others;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations;
Provide and administer loyalty programs that we offer; and
Process information as disclosed at the time you provide and/or we collect the information and as set forth in this Privacy Policy or in any other documentation made available to you.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection or with your consent, if required under applicable law.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use.
TARGETED ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
Third-Party Analytics Services
We may use third-party analytics services on our Services, such as Google Analytics. The providers of these analytics services use technologies such as cookies and web beacons to help us analyze your use of our Services. The information collected through these means may be disclosed to or collected directly by these analytics services. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit
this link
.
Interest-Based Advertising
We engage others to deliver advertising targeted to your interests on other companies’ sites or mobile apps and to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, better understand your activity, and perform related services across the web and in mobile applications. To do so, these entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and mobile apps, including your IP address, web browser, and mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. You can opt out of cookie-based ad targeting by disabling targeting cookies via the cookie banner at the footer of our webpages, and also accessible
here
. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. You can also learn more about interest-based ads, or opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes by companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance, by visiting
www.aboutads.info/choices
,
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, and
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
. Your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
In addition, we may share identifiers, like email addresses and phone numbers, with some of our advertising partners. These advertising partners translate that information into a unique identifier that can then be used to show ads that are more relevant to you across the web and in mobile apps. Depending on where you reside, you may opt out of these disclosures by filling out our
web form
.
DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION
We or our vendors and service providers may disclose information about you. We may disclose personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:
To Vendors and Service Providers.
We make personal information available to our vendors, service providers, contractors, and consultants who perform services on our behalf, such as companies that assist us with web hosting (like Cart.com, Inc.), shipping and delivery, payment processing, financing, fraud prevention, customer service, data enrichment, analytics, marketing, and advertising.
To the ABG Corporate Family and Licensing Partners
. We may disclose personal information among our corporate affiliates and licensing partners, including to other brands in the ABG corporate family, including for their marketing and advertising purposes. Depending on where you live, you may opt out of these disclosures by completing our
web form
.
For Marketing Purposes.
We disclose personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes and to expand the reach and effectiveness of our own marketing campaigns. Depending on where you reside, these activities may constitute “sales” and you may opt out of these disclosures (see the Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising section below for details). If you provide a product review or otherwise post content on our Services, the public/other users of our Services will be able to see this information.
To Law Enforcement Authorities and Individuals Involved in Legal Proceedings
. We disclose personal information in response to a request for information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, or legal process, including lawful requests made by public law enforcement authorities.
To Protect the Rights of Juicy Couture and Others
. We disclose personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Juicy Couture or any brand within the ABG corporate family, our users, the public, or others.
To Professional Advisors
. We disclose personal information to our legal, financial, insurance, and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
For Corporate Transactions
. We disclose personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, certain corporate transactions, including the merger, sale of company assets, licensing of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
With Consent
. We make personal information available to third parties when we have your consent or you intentionally direct us to do so.
As Aggregated Data.
We may disclose aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. We will not attempt to re-identify such information, except as permitted by law.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Account Information
You can access and modify certain information stored within your online account by logging into your account at any time. You are responsible for keeping the account information that can be managed by you up-to-date and accurate.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications, including emails and text messages, from Juicy Couture by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications
With your permission, we may send push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
U.S STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
Depending on your state of residence, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information (“
State Privacy Laws
”). This Privacy Policy provides additional disclosures and information about consumer rights subject to the State Privacy Laws.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR INDIVIDUALS IN CERTAIN U.S. STATES
Our Privacy Policy explains how we
collect
,
use
, and
disclose
information about you, as well as our
targeted advertising and analytics
practices. Below, we use tables to explain this same information in accordance with the State Privacy Laws. The tables describe our data practices now and over the past twelve months.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Uses of Personal Information
Identifiers (such as your contact and account information, name, phone number, billing and shipping address, email address and IP address)
Demographic information (such as your age or gender)
Commercial/Transactional information (such as transaction details if you make a purchase from us or place items in your cart)
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as pages and products you view and links you click on our Services)
Inferences (such as the city where you live based on your IP address)
Vendors and service providers
Our corporate affiliates and licensing partners
Law enforcement or others involved in legal proceedings
Third parties assisting us with protecting the rights of Juicy Couture or others
Professional advisors
Third parties in connection with a corporate transaction
Other third parties when we have your consent or at your direction
Fulfill your orders and requests;
Provide, maintain, and improve our products and services;
Personalize your experience with us;
Send you technical notices, security alerts, support messages, and other transactional or relationship messages;
Provide you with customer service support;
Communicate with you about products and services offered by Juicy Couture and others, and provide news and information that we think will interest you, including through advertisements;
Develop new products and services;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our advertising;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, surveys, and promotions we may offer and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Support our internal business operations;
Detect, investigate, and help prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and help protect the rights and property of Juicy Couture and others;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
As otherwise disclosed at the time you provide/we collect the information and as set forth in this Privacy Policy or in any other documentation made available to you.
Personal Information that We “Share,” “Sell,” or Use for “Targeted Advertising”
Some of our advertising activities and disclosures may constitute “sharing” or “selling” or use of personal information for “targeted advertising” under certain State Privacy Laws. In order to advertise to you and allow us and other ABG brands to better understand, improve, and personalize our interactions with you, we share and sell the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers (such as cookie IDs or a hashed version of your email address)
Advertising and marketing networks; joint marketing campaign partners; other brands in the ABG corporate family and licensing partners; data co-ops and data brokers
Demographic information (such as your age and gender)
Advertising and marketing networks, other brands in the ABG corporate family and licensing partners
Commercial information (such as purchases you make through the Services)
Advertising and marketing networks; joint marketing campaign partners; other brands in the ABG corporate family and licensing partners; data co-ops and data brokers
Internet and electronic network activity (such as pages you view and links you click on our Services)
Advertising and marketing networks; joint marketing campaign partners; other brands in the ABG corporate family and licensing partners
Inferences (such as the city where you live based on your IP address)
Advertising and marketing networks; joint marketing campaign partners; other brands in the ABG corporate family and licensing partners
Other Details About Our Information Practices
Our retention periods for personal information are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which we originally collected it and for other business purposes explained in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to: (1) opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of your personal information; or (2) request access to, or correction or deletion of, your personal information.
Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising
Some of the activities described in the
targeted advertising and analytics
section above may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your information or use of your information for “targeted advertising” under the State Privacy Law that applies to you. You can opt out of cookie-based ad targeting by following the prompts
here
. You will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser or if you clear your cookies because your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only. You can also opt out of web-based ad targeting by visiting our website with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
In addition to cookie-based ad targeting, we may disclose information about your purchases and contact information (such as email and mailing address) to other brands in the ABG corporate family, advertising partners, and other third parties for marketing and advertising purposes. These practices also may constitute “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or use of your information for “targeted advertising.” You can opt out of having your information disclosed to these third parties by filling out our
web form
or by emailing us at
support@juicycouture.com
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to know about, request access to, or request deletion or correction of, your personal information. To make such a request with respect to your personal information, please complete this
web form
or email us at
support@juicycouture.com
. We will take reasonable steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to confirm information about recent purchases. Additional information that we collect to verify your identity will only be used for verification purposes.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at
support@juicycouture.com
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you are required to submit proof of your authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission form from the individual who is the subject of the request. If you are an authorized agent looking to make a request, please complete this
web form
or email us at
support@juicycouture.com
.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
Notice of Financial Incentives
We offer various financial incentives. For example, we may provide discounts to customers who sign up to receive our marketing emails or text messages. When you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your email address or phone number), commercial information (like your purchase preferences and interests or purchase history), inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal data that relate to or are reasonably capable of being associated with you. You can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided, and, for any ongoing benefits, you can opt-out at any time, such as by following the unsubscribe instructions in the applicable program’s terms and conditions, promotional emails, or text messages. In some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will provide to you when you sign up. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you.
Shine the Light
California law permits residents of California to request that we provide you with (a) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) the identity of those third parties. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please complete this
web form
.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not intentionally gather personal information from individuals under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits personal information to Juicy Couture and we learn that the information is about or from a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13 and believe that we have collected personal information from your child, please contact us at
support@juicycouture.com
. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 13.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@juicycouture.com
.