Privacy Policy.
We do not sell your information to third parties.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what personal information Rambl Limited (“Rambl,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, how we use and share that information, and your choices concerning our information practices. Through our mobile application called ARTapp (the “App”), we allow users to search, discover, comment and share multimedia content that is created by users who open accounts and upload that content to their respective pages (or “app-sites”) on our platform (such services, including
https://www.ramblapp.com
(the “Site”) and the App, are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the “Service”).
Please review this Privacy Policy before using the Service or submitting personal information to the Rambl. By using the Service, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site or otherwise use the Service.
Personal Information We Collect Information
Personal Information You Provide: We collect the following categories of personal information from you when you interact with the Services:
​
Identification Information: We collect your name, email address, phone number, profile handle, profile bio, profile photo and date of profile creation.
App-Site Information: We store the information you upload to your app-site.
Financial Information: Our payment processor(s) will collect the financial information necessary to process your payments, such as your payment card number and authentication details. Please note, however, that we store only a tokenized version of such information and do not maintain payment card information on our servers.
Communication Information: We may collect information when you contact us with questions or concerns and when you voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys or requests for market research seeking your opinion and feedback. Providing communication information is optional to you.
Social Media Information: We have pages on social media sites like LinkedIn and Twitter (“Social Media Pages”). When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we will collect personal information that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details. In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages.
Internet Activity Information: When you visit, use, and interact with the Service, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit the Service, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited, the domains our visitors come from (e.g., google.com, yahoo.com, etc.), and which browsers people use to access the Service (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), broad geographical information, and navigation patterns. In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
​
Log Information: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site. Log Information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site.
Cookies Information: Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.
Device Information: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Usage Information: We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities
Derived Information: We may infer your preferences for our products and services based on the personal information we collect about you.
​
Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies). For more details on cookies please visit
All About Cookies
.
​
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
​
Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
​
Advertising networks may use cookies to collect personal information. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s
online resources
and follow the opt-out instructions there.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use personal information for the following purposes:
To provide the Service, including to invite you to the App, operate the App and facilitate conversations and the sharing of those conversations, and communicate with you about the App by sending you push notifications with announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages, if you have enabled that functionality;
To respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Service and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To analyze how you interact with our Service;
To maintain and improve the Service;
To develop new products and services;
To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Service, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; and
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties.
Aggregated Information. We may aggregate personal information and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Service, to improve and add features to our Service, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Service and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners. We may collect aggregated information through the Service, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
Marketing. We may use your personal information to contact you to tell you about products or services we believe may be of interest to you. For instance, if you elect to provide your email, we may use that information to send you updates and special offers. If we do, where required by law, for example if you are in the EU, we will only send you such emails if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us with your personal information. You may opt out of receiving emails by following the instructions contained in each promotional email we send you. You can also control the marketing emails you receive by updating your settings through your account. In addition, if at any time you do not wish to receive future marketing communications, you may contact us. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, you will no longer receive marketing communications but we will continue to contact you regarding our Services, management of your account, other administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
Rambl does not sell your personal information. In certain circumstances we may share the categories of personal information described above without further notice to you, unless required by the law, with the following categories of third parties:
​
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share personal information with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, customer relationship management and customer support services, and analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store personal information in the course of performing their duties to us. We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure our service providers adhere to the security standards we apply to your personal information.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your personal information and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of or following that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including to respond to lawful requests from public authorities and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Personal Information You Make Available to Others
Certain actions you take may be visible to other users of the Service. For example, your profile image will appear in other app-sites that you join and your profile information will be accessible to other users. You acknowledge that by adding information to your profile or creating app-sites you make your profile information and app-site content available to other users and that Rambl cannot control, and shall not be responsible for any use other users make of such information.
Data Retention
We keep personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting, or other purposes), whichever is longer.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt out of receiving these communications and in accordance with our policies.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your personal information, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we use your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Children
Our Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 13. Rambl does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided personal information to Rambl through the Service please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
EU Users
Scope. This section applies to individuals in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, the United Kingdom, and, to the extent applicable, Switzerland).
​
Data Controller. Data protection laws in the EU differentiate between the “data controller” and “data processor” of personal information. Rambl is the data controller for the processing of your personal information that we collect that alone or in combination with other information could be used to identify you. You can find our contact information, and the contact information of our EU-based representative, in the “Contact Us” section below.
​
Legal Bases for Processing. We process your personal information as necessary to perform our contract with your or other users (“Contractual Necessity”), where necessary for our legitimate business purposes (“Legitimate Interests”), or with your consent (“Consent”).
​
The specific purposes for which we process your personal information and the legal bases we rely on for the processing are listed below.
Identification Information and Social Media Information: The purpose is to create, authenticate, maintain and support your account as a Contractual Necessity.
Upload Information: To create app-sites. The legal basis for processing this information is Contractual Necessity.
Identification and Communication Information: To respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about the Services, including by sending you announcements, updates, news and alerts. The legal basis for processing this information is to provide you with the information that you request; to keep our Services, network and information systems secure; sending you information you consent to.
Financial Information: To process your transactions with us. The legal basis for processing this information is Contractual Necessity.
Internet Activity Information and Social Media Information: To administer and protect our Service, to measure the audience and analyse the general behavior of App users to help us improve the App. The legal basis for processing this information is legitimate interest in enhancing user experience and improving the Service.
Your Rights. Pursuant to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (or GDPR), you have the following rights in relation to your personal information, under certain circumstances and subject to any applicable exceptions:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal information and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal information along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we shared your personal information with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal information so you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your personal information, such as where you withdraw your consent. If we shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal information with so you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your personal information with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your personal information so you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain your personal information from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you, and that is processed by automated means. We will give you your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your personal information, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal information -- unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or we need to process your data in order to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims;
If we are processing your personal information for direct marketing. We may keep minimum information about you in a suppression list in order to ensure your choices are respected in the future and to comply with data protection laws (such processing is necessary for our and your legitimate interest in pursuing the purposes described above);
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your personal information, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns (in the UK, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), who can be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk/concerns
, and in other EU countries the data protection authority of the country in which you are located).
Please see the “Contact Us” section below for information on how to exercise your rights.
Information Processing in the U.S. Rambl is based in the U.S. The U.S. may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the EU and UK. Transfers of your personal information to Rambl in the U.S. are necessary to perform the agreement we have entered into, or are about to enter into, with you.
Links to Other Websites
The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Rambl, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
Security
You use the Service at your own risk. We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect personal information both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal information to Rambl via the Internet. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites.
Your Choices
In certain circumstances providing personal information is optional. However, if you choose not to provide personal information that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features. You can also log in to your account or contact us to request updates or corrections to some of your personal information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Service and our business may change from time to time. As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with personal information after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us using our contact form.