Privacy Policy/Datenschutzerklärung
english
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (“Policy”). This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide (“Personal Information”) on the
whaledeck.io
website (“Website”), “whaledeck.io” mobile application (“Mobile Application”), and any of their related products and services (collectively, “Services”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that Personal Information. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update it.
This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (“User”, “you” or “your”) and this Website operator and Mobile Application developer (“Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”). If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms “User”, “you” or “your” shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, you must not accept this agreement and may not access and use the Services. By accessing and using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Automatic collection of information
When you open the Website or use the Mobile Application, our servers automatically record information that your browser or device sends. This data may include information such as your device’s IP address and location, browser and device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, the webpage you were visiting before you came to the Services, pages of the Services that you visit, the time spent on those pages, the information you search for on the Services, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding the usage and traffic of the Services. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular User of the system.
Collection of personal information
You can access and use the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If, however, you wish to use some of the features offered on the Services, you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail address).
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you make a purchase, or fill any forms on the Services.
You can choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the features on the Services. Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.
Privacy of children
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any Personal Information through the Services. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided Personal Information to us through the Services, please contact us to request that we delete that child’s Personal Information from our Services.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through the Services without their permission. We also ask that all parents and legal guardians overseeing the care of children take the necessary precautions to ensure that their children are instructed to never give out Personal Information when online without their permission.
Use and processing of collected information
We act as a data controller and a data processor in terms of the GDPR when handling Personal Information, unless we have entered into a data processing agreement with you in which case you would be the data controller and we would be the data processor.
Our role may also differ depending on the specific situation involving Personal Information. We act in the capacity of a data controller when we ask you to submit your Personal Information that is necessary to ensure your access and use of the Services. In such instances, we are a data controller because we determine the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Information and we comply with data controllers’ obligations set forth in the GDPR.
We act in the capacity of a data processor in situations when you submit Personal Information through the Services. We do not own, control, or make decisions about the submitted Personal Information, and such Personal Information is processed only in accordance with your instructions. In such instances, the User providing Personal Information acts as a data controller in terms of the GDPR.
In order to make the Services available to you, or to meet a legal obligation, we may need to collect and use certain Personal Information. If you do not provide the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the requested products or services. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for the following purposes:
Improve products and services
Improve user experience
Run and operate the Services
Processing your Personal Information depends on how you interact with the Services, where you are located in the world and if one of the following applies: (i) you have given your consent for one or more specific purposes; this, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to California Consumer Privacy Act or European data protection law; (ii) provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; (iii) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us; (v) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.
We rely on the following legal bases as defined in the GDPR upon which we collect and process your Personal Information:
Our own legitimate interests
Note that under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing by opting out, without having to rely on consent or any other of the legal bases above. In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Payment processing
In case of Services requiring payment, you may need to provide your credit card details or other payment account information, which will be used solely for processing payments. We use third-party payment processors (“Payment Processors”) to assist us in processing your payment information securely.
Payment Processors adhere to the latest security standards as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. Sensitive and private data exchange happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures, and the Services are also in compliance with strict vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users. We will share payment data with the Payment Processors only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries related to such payments and refunds.
Please note that the Payment Processors may collect some Personal Information from you, which allows them to process your payments (e.g., your email address, address, credit card details, and bank account number) and handle all the steps in the payment process through their systems, including data collection and data processing. The Payment Processors’ use of your Personal Information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as this Policy. We suggest that you review their respective privacy policies.
Disclosure of information
To maintain the highest level of privacy and to protect your Personal Information to the full extent, we do not share your Personal Information with anyone and for any reason.
Retention of information
We will retain and use your Personal Information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our agreements, resolve disputes, and unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification, and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.
Transfer of information
Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own. However, this will not include countries outside the European Union and European Economic Area. If any such transfer takes place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this Policy or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section.
Data protection rights under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have certain data protection rights and we aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
(i) You have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your Personal Information. To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your Personal Information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
(ii) You have the right to learn if your Personal Information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing, and obtain a copy of your Personal Information undergoing processing.
(iii) You have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected. You also have the right to request us to complete the Personal Information you believe is incomplete.
(iv) You have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Where Personal Information is processed for the public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in us, or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection.
(v) You have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your Personal Information. These circumstances include: the accuracy of your Personal Information is contested by you and we must verify its accuracy; the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasure of your Personal Information and request the restriction of its use instead; we no longer need your Personal Information for the purposes of processing, but you require it to establish, exercise or defend your legal claims; you have objected to processing pending the verification of whether our legitimate grounds override your legitimate grounds. Where processing has been restricted, such Personal Information will be marked accordingly and, with the exception of storage, will be processed only with your consent or for the establishment, to exercise or defense of legal claims, for the protection of the rights of another natural, or legal person or for reasons of important public interest.
(vi) You have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us. These circumstances include: the Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure such as where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, to exercise or defense of legal claims.
(vii) You have the right to receive your Personal Information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance from us, provided that such transmission does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
(viii) You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint directly with us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA. This provision is applicable provided that your Personal Information is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part of, or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
California privacy rights
Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
In addition to the rights as explained in this Policy, California residents who provide Personal Information as defined in the statute to obtain Services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected and disclosed.
Furthermore, California residents have the right to request deletion of their Personal Information or opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information which may include selling, disclosing, or transferring Personal Information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. To do so, simply contact us. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
How to exercise your rights
Any requests to exercise your rights can be directed to us through the contact details provided in this document. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to verify that you are the person you are claiming to be or that you are the authorized representative of such person. If we receive your request from an authorized representative, we may request evidence that you have provided such an authorized representative with power of attorney or that the authorized representative otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests on your behalf.
You must include sufficient details to allow us to properly understand the request and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information unless we first verify your identity or authority to make such a request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you.
Do Not Track signals
Some browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Tracking is not the same as using or collecting information in connection with a website. For these purposes, tracking refers to collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move across different websites over time. How browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal is not yet uniform. As a result, the Services are not yet set up to interpret or respond to Do Not Track signals communicated by your browser. Even so, as described in more detail throughout this Policy, we limit our use and collection of your Personal Information.
Links to other resources
The Services contain links to other resources that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other resources or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the privacy statements of each and every resource that may collect Personal Information.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in our control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and the Services cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite best efforts.
As the security of Personal Information depends in part on the security of the device you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect your credentials, please take appropriate measures to protect this information.
Data breach
In the event we become aware that the security of the Services has been compromised or Users’ Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the User as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will post a notice on the Services.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms related to the Services at any time at our discretion. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways at our discretion, such as through the contact information you have provided.
An updated version of this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Information was collected.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Services and submitting your information you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to access or use the Services.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this Policy, the information we hold about you, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to contact us using the details below:
mail@whaledeck.io
EU representative: Florian Seida
mail@whaledeck.io
We will attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and make every reasonable effort to honor your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by applicable data protection laws.
deutsch
1. Datenschutz auf einen Blick
Allgemeine Hinweise
Die folgenden Hinweise geben einen einfachen Überblick darüber, was mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten passiert, wenn Sie diese Website besuchen. Personenbezogene Daten sind alle Daten, mit denen Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können. Ausführliche Informationen zum Thema Datenschutz entnehmen Sie unserer unter diesem Text aufgeführten Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenerfassung auf dieser Website
Wer ist verantwortlich für die Datenerfassung auf dieser Website?
Die Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website erfolgt durch den Websitebetreiber. Dessen Kontaktdaten können Sie dem Abschnitt „Hinweis zur Verantwortlichen Stelle“ in dieser Datenschutzerklärung entnehmen.
Wie erfassen wir Ihre Daten?
Ihre Daten werden zum einen dadurch erhoben, dass Sie uns diese mitteilen. Hierbei kann es sich z. B. um Daten handeln, die Sie in ein Kontaktformular eingeben.
Andere Daten werden automatisch oder nach Ihrer Einwilligung beim Besuch der Website durch unsere IT-Systeme erfasst. Das sind vor allem technische Daten (z. B. Internetbrowser, Betriebssystem oder Uhrzeit des Seitenaufrufs). Die Erfassung dieser Daten erfolgt automatisch, sobald Sie diese Website betreten.
Wofür nutzen wir Ihre Daten?
Ein Teil der Daten wird erhoben, um eine fehlerfreie Bereitstellung der Website zu gewährleisten. Andere Daten können zur Analyse Ihres Nutzerverhaltens verwendet werden.
Welche Rechte haben Sie bezüglich Ihrer Daten?
Sie haben jederzeit das Recht, unentgeltlich Auskunft über Herkunft, Empfänger und Zweck Ihrer gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten. Sie haben außerdem ein Recht, die Berichtigung oder Löschung dieser Daten zu verlangen. Wenn Sie eine Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung erteilt haben, können Sie diese Einwilligung jederzeit für die Zukunft widerrufen. Außerdem haben Sie das Recht, unter bestimmten Umständen die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen. Des Weiteren steht Ihnen ein Beschwerderecht bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde zu.
Hierzu sowie zu weiteren Fragen zum Thema Datenschutz können Sie sich jederzeit an uns wenden.
2. Hosting
Hetzner
Wir hosten unsere Website bei Hetzner. Anbieter ist die Hetzner Online GmbH, Industriestr. 25, 91710 Gunzenhausen (nachfolgend Hetzner).
Details entnehmen Sie der Datenschutzerklärung von Hetzner:
https://www.hetzner.com/de/rechtliches/datenschutz
.
Die Verwendung von Hetzner erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse an einer möglichst zuverlässigen Darstellung unserer Website. Sofern eine entsprechende Einwilligung abgefragt wurde, erfolgt die Verarbeitung ausschließlich auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO und § 25 Abs. 1 TTDSG, soweit die Einwilligung die Speicherung von Cookies oder den Zugriff auf Informationen im Endgerät des Nutzers (z. B. Device-Fingerprinting) im Sinne des TTDSG umfasst. Die Einwilligung ist jederzeit widerrufbar.
Auftragsverarbeitung
Wir haben einen Vertrag über Auftragsverarbeitung (AVV) mit dem oben genannten Anbieter geschlossen. Hierbei handelt es sich um einen datenschutzrechtlich vorgeschriebenen Vertrag, der gewährleistet, dass dieser die personenbezogenen Daten unserer Websitebesucher nur nach unseren Weisungen und unter Einhaltung der DSGVO verarbeitet.
3. Allgemeine Hinweise und Pflicht­informationen
Datenschutz
Die Betreiber dieser Seiten nehmen den Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten sehr ernst. Wir behandeln Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vertraulich und entsprechend den gesetzlichen Datenschutzvorschriften sowie dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Wenn Sie diese Website benutzen, werden verschiedene personenbezogene Daten erhoben. Personenbezogene Daten sind Daten, mit denen Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können. Die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung erläutert, welche Daten wir erheben und wofür wir sie nutzen. Sie erläutert auch, wie und zu welchem Zweck das geschieht.
Wir weisen darauf hin, dass die Datenübertragung im Internet (z. B. bei der Kommunikation per E-Mail) Sicherheitslücken aufweisen kann. Ein lückenloser Schutz der Daten vor dem Zugriff durch Dritte ist nicht möglich.
Hinweis zur verantwortlichen Stelle
Die verantwortliche Stelle für die Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website ist:
Florian Seida
Lugbank 4
96049 Bamberg
E-Mail: mail@whaledeck.io
Verantwortliche Stelle ist die natürliche oder juristische Person, die allein oder gemeinsam mit anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Namen, E-Mail-Adressen o. Ä.) entscheidet.
Speicherdauer
Soweit innerhalb dieser Datenschutzerklärung keine speziellere Speicherdauer genannt wurde, verbleiben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei uns, bis der Zweck für die Datenverarbeitung entfällt. Wenn Sie ein berechtigtes Löschersuchen geltend machen oder eine Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung widerrufen, werden Ihre Daten gelöscht, sofern wir keine anderen rechtlich zulässigen Gründe für die Speicherung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben (z. B. steuer- oder handelsrechtliche Aufbewahrungsfristen); im letztgenannten Fall erfolgt die Löschung nach Fortfall dieser Gründe.
Allgemeine Hinweise zu den Rechtsgrundlagen der Datenverarbeitung auf dieser Website
Sofern Sie in die Datenverarbeitung eingewilligt haben, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO bzw. Art. 9 Abs. 2 lit. a DSGVO, sofern besondere Datenkategorien nach Art. 9 Abs. 1 DSGVO verarbeitet werden. Im Falle einer ausdrücklichen Einwilligung in die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten in Drittstaaten erfolgt die Datenverarbeitung außerdem auf Grundlage von Art. 49 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO. Sofern Sie in die Speicherung von Cookies oder in den Zugriff auf Informationen in Ihr Endgerät (z. B. via Device-Fingerprinting) eingewilligt haben, erfolgt die Datenverarbeitung zusätzlich auf Grundlage von § 25 Abs. 1 TTDSG. Die Einwilligung ist jederzeit widerrufbar. Sind Ihre Daten zur Vertragserfüllung oder zur Durchführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen erforderlich, verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten auf Grundlage des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO. Des Weiteren verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, sofern diese zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung erforderlich sind auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. c DSGVO. Die Datenverarbeitung kann ferner auf Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO erfolgen. Über die jeweils im Einzelfall einschlägigen Rechtsgrundlagen wird in den folgenden Absätzen dieser Datenschutzerklärung informiert.
Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung zur Datenverarbeitung
Viele Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge sind nur mit Ihrer ausdrücklichen Einwilligung möglich. Sie können eine bereits erteilte Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Datenverarbeitung bleibt vom Widerruf unberührt.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Datenerhebung in besonderen Fällen sowie gegen Direktwerbung (Art. 21 DSGVO)
WENN DIE DATENVERARBEITUNG AUF GRUNDLAGE VON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E ODER F DSGVO ERFOLGT, HABEN SIE JEDERZEIT DAS RECHT, AUS GRÜNDEN, DIE SICH AUS IHRER BESONDEREN SITUATION ERGEBEN, GEGEN DIE VERARBEITUNG IHRER PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN WIDERSPRUCH EINZULEGEN; DIES GILT AUCH FÜR EIN AUF DIESE BESTIMMUNGEN GESTÜTZTES PROFILING. DIE JEWEILIGE RECHTSGRUNDLAGE, AUF DENEN EINE VERARBEITUNG BERUHT, ENTNEHMEN SIE DIESER DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG. WENN SIE WIDERSPRUCH EINLEGEN, WERDEN WIR IHRE BETROFFENEN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN NICHT MEHR VERARBEITEN, ES SEI DENN, WIR KÖNNEN ZWINGENDE SCHUTZWÜRDIGE GRÜNDE FÜR DIE VERARBEITUNG NACHWEISEN, DIE IHRE INTERESSEN, RECHTE UND FREIHEITEN ÜBERWIEGEN ODER DIE VERARBEITUNG DIENT DER GELTENDMACHUNG, AUSÜBUNG ODER VERTEIDIGUNG VON RECHTSANSPRÜCHEN (WIDERSPRUCH NACH ART. 21 ABS. 1 DSGVO).
WERDEN IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN VERARBEITET, UM DIREKTWERBUNG ZU BETREIBEN, SO HABEN SIE DAS RECHT, JEDERZEIT WIDERSPRUCH GEGEN DIE VERARBEITUNG SIE BETREFFENDER PERSONENBEZOGENER DATEN ZUM ZWECKE DERARTIGER WERBUNG EINZULEGEN; DIES GILT AUCH FÜR DAS PROFILING, SOWEIT ES MIT SOLCHER DIREKTWERBUNG IN VERBINDUNG STEHT. WENN SIE WIDERSPRECHEN, WERDEN IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN ANSCHLIESSEND NICHT MEHR ZUM ZWECKE DER DIREKTWERBUNG VERWENDET (WIDERSPRUCH NACH ART. 21 ABS. 2 DSGVO).
Beschwerde­recht bei der zuständigen Aufsichts­behörde
Im Falle von Verstößen gegen die DSGVO steht den Betroffenen ein Beschwerderecht bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde, insbesondere in dem Mitgliedstaat ihres gewöhnlichen Aufenthalts, ihres Arbeitsplatzes oder des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes zu. Das Beschwerderecht besteht unbeschadet anderweitiger verwaltungsrechtlicher oder gerichtlicher Rechtsbehelfe.
Recht auf Daten­übertrag­barkeit
Sie haben das Recht, Daten, die wir auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung oder in Erfüllung eines Vertrags automatisiert verarbeiten, an sich oder an einen Dritten in einem gängigen, maschinenlesbaren Format aushändigen zu lassen. Sofern Sie die direkte Übertragung der Daten an einen anderen Verantwortlichen verlangen, erfolgt dies nur, soweit es technisch machbar ist.
SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung
Diese Seite nutzt aus Sicherheitsgründen und zum Schutz der Übertragung vertraulicher Inhalte, wie zum Beispiel Bestellungen oder Anfragen, die Sie an uns als Seitenbetreiber senden, eine SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung. Eine verschlüsselte Verbindung erkennen Sie daran, dass die Adresszeile des Browsers von „http://“ auf „https://“ wechselt und an dem Schloss-Symbol in Ihrer Browserzeile.
Wenn die SSL- bzw. TLS-Verschlüsselung aktiviert ist, können die Daten, die Sie an uns übermitteln, nicht von Dritten mitgelesen werden.
Auskunft, Löschung und Berichtigung
Sie haben im Rahmen der geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen jederzeit das Recht auf unentgeltliche Auskunft über Ihre gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten, deren Herkunft und Empfänger und den Zweck der Datenverarbeitung und ggf. ein Recht auf Berichtigung oder Löschung dieser Daten. Hierzu sowie zu weiteren Fragen zum Thema personenbezogene Daten können Sie sich jederzeit an uns wenden.
Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
Sie haben das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen. Hierzu können Sie sich jederzeit an uns wenden. Das Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung besteht in folgenden Fällen:
Wenn Sie die Richtigkeit Ihrer bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten bestreiten, benötigen wir in der Regel Zeit, um dies zu überprüfen. Für die Dauer der Prüfung haben Sie das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen.
Wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unrechtmäßig geschah/geschieht, können Sie statt der Löschung die Einschränkung der Datenverarbeitung verlangen.
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr benötigen, Sie sie jedoch zur Ausübung, Verteidigung oder Geltendmachung von Rechtsansprüchen benötigen, haben Sie das Recht, statt der Löschung die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen.
Wenn Sie einen Widerspruch nach Art. 21 Abs. 1 DSGVO eingelegt haben, muss eine Abwägung zwischen Ihren und unseren Interessen vorgenommen werden. Solange noch nicht feststeht, wessen Interessen überwiegen, haben Sie das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen.
Wenn Sie die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eingeschränkt haben, dürfen diese Daten – von ihrer Speicherung abgesehen – nur mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen oder zum Schutz der Rechte einer anderen natürlichen oder juristischen Person oder aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses der Europäischen Union oder eines Mitgliedstaats verarbeitet werden.