공유
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
X
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Policy
Effective Date: May 16th, 2022
HIDEA
(hereinafter referred to as “the company") does its best to be transparent
about how users’ personal data (hereinafter referred to as "personal
information" or "data") is protected and processed in order to
ensure the safe use of its services.
This
privacy policy applies to the company's mobile games and other related
services, which will be referred collectively as "services" in this
document.
The company's policy will
be updated to reflect any new regulatory or legal changes. If the policy is significantly
altered, the company will do its best to notify users via pop-up screens or
announcements.
A. Inquiries related to the privacy policy
If you have any inquiries
or requests about the privacy policy, you can contact customer support in each
service sector to get an answer as soon as possible. You can also directly
contact the person in charge of personal information management using this
phone number.
-
Name of the controller: HIDEA
-
Privacy Protection Officer:
Dong-gyu. Kim (
support@hideaent.com)
-
Address: NEOWIZ PANGYO
TOWER, 11F, 14, Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si,
Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea (13487)
B. The company collects personal information legally.
The categories of personal information collected by the
company differ by the services you use.
<Collected directly from the user>
-
Name and tag set by the
user
-
Customer support records
(chat records, etc.)
-
Additional information from
participating in surveys and marketing
-
Personal information
required for event participation and gift giving
-
Other information that the
user has agreed to can be used for only those purposes
<Data collected automatically>
-
The company can collect
information about the devices that users use to access the service (mobile
device information, OS information, country, IP address and mobile device
identification information, ad ID (ADID, IDFA).
-
The company can collect
information through cookies and similar technologies (See F. Use of cookies and
similar technologies for more information).
-
Gameplay data, purchases
and interactions between other players using the service
<Data collected from partner companies>
-
Data received and
information permitted to use by linking the service with a third-party tool
(Facebook, Google, etc.)
-
Information provided by the
platform or payment service provider (payment verification information, etc.)
-
Ads and surveys used for
the purpose of analyzing and providing better experience to the user
C. Personal information is collected and used only for
specific and lawful purposes.
The company treat all
information related to the user’s account as personal information. Also, the
data is stored for a minimum period necessary to provide the best service to
the user.
<Service Operations>
-
Account creation (user
identification) and user’s use of game service
-
Verification and
confirmation of payment
-
Sending service-related
notices
-
Replying to inquiries
-
Sending relevant
information such as updates, security warnings, and support messages
-
Prevention abusive users
(abuse of refunds in the game, etc.)
-
Other information that the
user has agreed to can be used for only these additional purposes
D. No personal information is shared or sold to third parties
outside of these purposes.
The company will not share
of sell user information to a third party without the user’s consent. However,
the company can share information that cannot be used to identify individuals,
such as statistics and public information. The company may sometimes handles
personal information by entrusting work to provide email, prize delivery, and
customer support services. Regarding this consignment work, the company will
enter into a written contract with a third party that will include various
personal information protection measures. If you do not wish to share this
information, you may leave the service at any time.
The company may share
personal information in order to comply with legal procedures such as rights
protection, court orders, or to comply with requests from government agencies
or other related agencies, or if there are justifiable reasons.
<The company’s service provider>
The company has vendors who
help us to provide the Service. These vendors process your data only at and
according to Our instructions to provide the Service, and perform tasks such as
hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention. Data is
retained until the purpose of the consignment is achieved or the user's consent
is withdrawn.
<Vital interests and legal rights>
We may disclose your
information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take
action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal
activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
<With your consent>
We may disclose your
personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
<Other companies and public institutions>
The company can provide
information to public authorities upon request in order to verify payments (in
collaboration with payment service providers) and to prevent fraud and illegal
activities.
<User rights for international transmission>
In the event of a reason for transmission, user data may be
transmitted to a computer system located between the user's countries for use,
processing, or storage, and may only be used for the purposes specified in this
policy. Furthermore, users have the ability to modify, delete, and restrict
data sent overseas.
E. Personal information will be securely destroyed after use
during the legal retention period.
Personal information is
held and used while the user maintains the service. Once the purpose of using
personal information is met, it is securely destroyed without delay so that it
cannot be restored. However, there will be a seven-day grace period of
retaining the data following the withdrawal request in order to prevent illegal
use, such as personal information theft. Furthermore, the minimal amount of
data is retained for the time period specified and is not used for any other
purpose other than for the reasons listed below.
<Retention period in accordance with relevant laws and
regulations>
-
Records regarding contract
or withdrawal of subscription, etc.: 5 years
-
Records of payment and
supply of goods, etc.: 5 years
-
Record for consumer
complaints or dispute resolution: 3 years
-
Record of service visits: 3
months
-
Other records with consent
from the user
F. Users can refuse to use of the automated personal
information collection device.
<Use of cookies and similar technologies>
Cookies are pieces of
information that a website stores on your computer when visiting a website.
Cookies can also be used by the company to collect data about users, and may be
used to send data between the company and users in accordance with policies. Users
can choose to turn off all cookie settings, or have the computer alert the user
whenever they are sent through browser settings. Each browser has a slightly
different setting method, so look at the browser's help menu to learn how to
set your cookie settings. Turning off cookies may prevent access to many
features that can make the guest environment more efficient, and some services
may not work properly.
The Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a unique
number assigned to the server or Internet service provider ("ISP").
The IP addresses can be tracked by the company for system management,
statistical reporting, site tracking, security, or to prevent server abuse.
<Customized online ads>
Customized online
advertisements are marketing techniques that provide services that take into
account user characteristics by analyzing users' online usage types and access
records, and they can be collected automatically when users visit sites or run
apps. Users can refuse to receive online customized advertisements from mobile
applications by checking their privacy settings and disabling "allowing
app tracking requests" on Apple iOS devices or selecting "refuse to
receive interest-based advertisements" on Android devices.
For more information on the
Advertiser Privacy Policy and the opt-out feature, please visit the link below.
- Google Admob:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
- Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/kr/legal/privacy-policy
- Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy
- Pangle:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
- IronSource:
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy
- HyprMX:
https://jungroup.com/pp/
- Applovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy-kr
- Tapjoy:
https://www.tapjoy.com/ko/legal
- Fyber:
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy
- Inmobi:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
For web browsers, you can
also adjust your browser opt-out settings to restrict certain searches by
visiting the Restrict Ad Tracking Sites below.
-http
：
//www.aboutads.info/choices
-http
：
//www.youronlinechoices.eu
G. The company is dedicated to protecting your rights.
<Right to access and receive data>
Users have the right to
inquire about how their data is handled and receive relevant information from
the company. The company will send you an electronic copy of your personal
information if requested.
<Right to limit the processing of personal information>
-
In certain cases, users
have the right to request restrictions on processing of their personal
information.
-
Refusal to receive
marketing emails and other direct marketing materials: You can opt out of
receiving promotional materials such as marketing emails from the company by
following the instructions written on the sent forms or by changing your game
settings.
-
Push notification: You can
receive push notifications from the company via the company's mobile
application. You can opt out of receiving these notifications at any time by
changing your mobile device's settings.
<Right to transfer data>
Users have the right to
transfer data to third parties. However, not currently applied to the company's
operations, the company will provide a copy of the data containing the user's
most basic account information if the user requests it.
<Right to delete data>
Users may request (1) their
marketing information be deleted or (2) their service account information be
deleted. After a seven-day grace period following the withdrawal request, the
user's account will be completely deleted. After deletion, all game
information, account history, and other assets will be erased, and any assets
left on the account will not be refunded.
The company may hold data
to (a) protect its business, systems and users from fraudulent activity, (b)
address technical issues that impair existing functions, (c) exercise the
necessary rights to the company or other users, (d) comply with legal
enforcement requests in due course, (e) for scientific or other purposes, and
(f) comply with legal obligations. The company will do its best to respond
quickly to the needs of the users. However, due to the consequences or measures
resulting from the user's request, the user's use of the service may be
restricted or blocked.
*Note: California residents may have additional rights.
Please see section K. Appendix (privacy rights for California residents) for
more information.
<Other rights>
You may exercise your rights in accordance with local law.
You have the right to have
your information corrected and/or deleted, as well as to object or limit how we
use or share your information. You also have the right to withdraw your consent
at any time.
Within a reasonable time
frame, the company may respond to the user's request. You may also contact your
local data protection authority if you have an unresolved privacy or data use
concern because the company has not been able to address it properly.
H. The company maintains the integrity and security of the
data.
The company employs
technical, administrative, and physical security measures to prevent loss,
theft, leakage, forgery, alteration, or damage to user data. Although the
Internet is not a completely safe environment and security risks are constantly
evolving, the company will continue to make efforts to secure the system and
protect users' data.
I. The company has a special obligation to protect children’s
(minor’s) data.
The company acknowledges
that it has a special obligation to protect children's data (age required by
local law).
The majority of the
company's services (online, mobile, and others) are for the general public and
do not collect data from children on purpose. Furthermore, if it is determined
that the user is under the game's age limit, the company will stop providing
services to the user. Please keep in mind that if a parent or guardian agrees
to let their children use the company's services, they will be able to use
communication services that the general public uses, such as mail, chatting,
and online groups, and that information may be disclosed to other users.
If a parent believes that
their child's personal information has been collected without their permission,
they can contact the company and request that their child's data be deleted.
The collected data is kept secure in accordance with the policy. As a result,
if the policy changes, parents and children will be notified of the changes in
a reasonable manner.
J. Comments and inquiries
If you have any questions
or comments about the company's data protection, please contact us via email:
support@hideaent.com
The company conducts
regular audits of regulatory and legal compliance. The company provides
personal information protection and security guidelines to executives and
employees, as well as conducts education and awareness campaigns to protect
personal information so that users' data is safely protected. When we receive
an official inquiry, we will contact the user who provided the opinion and
actively follow up. To resolve complaints that cannot be resolved directly with
the company, we will work closely with regulators, including local data protection
agencies.
K. Appendix (privacy rights for California residents)
The policies in the
Appendix apply to California residents only. Link
<Right to know>
California residents have
the right to request the information listed below. The company will make data
easily accessible to users. Contacting the company is the simplest way to
obtain that information. If the company requires additional information to
identify the user, it will contact the user and request information, which may
include personal information about the user or information about the company's
previous purchases/use of products or services. If the company only rejects a
portion of the user's request, it will explain why in an answer.
-
Categories of data the
company has about its users:
Section B.
of the Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information collected in
the last 12 months.
-
Categories of data
collected or disclosed for business purposes for users within the last 12
months:
Section C. of the Privacy Policy
describes the categories of use of the collected personal information.
-
Lists of third parties to
which data is sold, disclosed for service purposes, or otherwise shared with:
Section D. of the Policy on Privacy describes the types of personal information
with which data is shared.
<Right to be forgotten>
If you are a California
resident, you can ask the company to delete the collected personal information.
Account deletion by the company is permanent and irreversible, and all games,
assets, and histories will be permanently deleted. The company may hold data to
(a) protect its business, systems and users from fraudulent activity, (b)
address technical issues that impair existing functions, (c) exercise the
necessary rights to the company or other users, (d) comply with legal
enforcement requests in due course, (e) for scientific or other purposes, and
(f) comply with legal obligations.
Furthermore, the company
requires specific types of information in order to provide its services to
users. Contacting the company is the simplest way to submit a deletion request.
If the company requires additional information to identify the user, it will
contact the user and request information, which may include personal
information about the user or information about the company's previous
purchases/use of products or services. If the company only rejects a portion of
the user's request, it will explain why in an answer.
<Right to withdraw afterwards>
California residents may be
exempt from the CCPA's definition of "sale" of personal information.
The following cases, however, are not included.
-
In the case a user requests
the company to disclose personal information or interact with a third party,
the third party does not sell the personal information.
-
The company may use or
share identifiers to alert third parties who have stopped selling personal
information at a user’s request.
-
The user's data is
transferred as part of a transaction in which a third party controls all or
part of the company's services. In this case, the third party must notify in
writing if the method of using, sharing, and sharing the data significantly
changes.
-
The company uses or shares
user data in accordance with written contracts with service providers that are
required to carry out business functions. At this time, the service provided by
the service provider replaces the company, and the written contract prohibits
the company from storing, using, or disclosing user data for purposes other
than those specified in the contract.
<Right not to be discriminated against>
The company will not
discriminate against users who exercised their rights in a reasonable manner
while using the company's services.
<Legal representative)>
If a legal representative
is designated to exercise the right on the user's behalf, the representative
must (a) provide written permission to exercise the right on the user's behalf,
and (b) provide evidence to prove the legal representative's identity. If the
representative fails to meet these criteria, the company will refuse to
exercise its rights.
<California Shine the Light law>
California residents have
the right to request the information once a year if personal information was
shared with a third party for marketing purposes in the previous year.
<Privacy rights of minors>
Minors in California have
the right to request view, edit, or delete content and data posted on bulletin
boards or forums related to the company's services.
Please note that all users
have access to the company's bulletin board and forum. The company strongly
advises users not to post personal or sensitive information. Residual copies of
content and data deleted in response to a request may remain on the backup
server. Furthermore, if the information has been copied or republished by a
third party (e.g. another user), the company no longer has control over the
content or data. You are also not required to delete posted content or data if
it is anonymous.
The company may keep your
information in order to resolve disputes, fulfill contracts, or comply with
legal requirements. It will not be used for any other purpose in this case.
L. Additional rights for EU/UK residents
To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 we have respectively appointed a European representative and a UK representative. If you with to contract them, their details are as follows:
For EU Representative:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services SRL
Avenue Louise 235
1050 Bruxelles
Belgium
EUrepresentative.NEOWIZ@twobirds.com
Key Contact:
Vincent Rezzouk-Hammachi
For UK Representative:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services UK
12 New Fetter Lane
London
EC4A1JP
United Kingdom
UKrepresentative.NEOWIZ@towbirds.com
Key Contact:
Vincent Rezzouk-Hammachi
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.