गोपनीयता
Privacy Policy
The following privacy statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for bhaskarhindi.com website.
Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd. respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides succinctly the manner your data is collected and used by bhaskarhindi.com. You are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by bhaskarhindi.com you agree to the collection and use of your data in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy
REGISTRATION
To avail certain sites/services on bhaskarhindi.com ("bhaskarhindi.com" or "Site"), users are required to provide certain information for the registration process namely:- a) your name, b) email address, c) sex, d) age, e) PIN code, f) credit card or debit card details g) medical records and history h) sexual orientation, i) biometric information, j) password and/or your occupation, interests, etc. The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve our sites and provide you the most user-friendly experience. In bhaskarhindi.com Contests sometimes we require your contact addresses. All required information is service dependent and Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd. may use the above said User information to, maintain, protect, and improve its services (including advertising services) and for developing new services. Such information will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and accessible in the public domain or is furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force.
COOKIES
Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd. includes links to other websites. Such sites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including cookies, your IP address, when you visit our site. We may use cookies to help us in advertising specific to your interests, and to save your preferences or passwords so you don't have to re-enter them each time you visit our site. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads). We may also use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.
INFORMATION SHARING
Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd.may shares personal information to any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances:
1. When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms; for complying with the applicable laws and regulations. In addition . we may transfer personally identifiable information ,if we or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to or merged with another company.
2. Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd.proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf. We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
3. The Company may share your information regarding your activities on websites or Applications with third party social websites and / or with our advertisers to help them understand our users and confirm the value of advertising on our websites.
COMMUNICATIONS
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you use Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd. websites, we make good faith efforts to provide you, as and when requested by you, with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible, subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
All information gathered on Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd.is securely stored within the Bhaskar Prakashan Pvt. Ltd.controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access. However the internet is an ever evolving medium. We may change our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary future changes. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CONTESTS
By entering the entrant represents, acknowledges, and warrants that the submitted content is an original work created solely by the entrant, that the Contestant does not infringe on the copyrights, trademarks, moral rights, rights of privacy/publicity or intellectual property rights of any person or entity, and that no other party has any right, title, claim, or interest in the photograph. The content provided by Contestant must not, in the sole and unfettered discretion of the Sponsor, contain obscene, provocative, defamatory, sexually explicit, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate content. Entrants agree that this Contest shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the Government of India and the forum for any dispute shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Madhya Pradesh. By entering, entrants also agree (a) to be bound by these Official Rules; (b) that the decisions of the Judges are final and binding with respect to all matters relating to the Contest; and (c) if the entrant wins that Sponsor may use the content of winners and each winner's name, content, likeness, and/or voice in any publicity or advertising relating to the Contest or future promotions without compensation or approval (except where prohibited by law). All federal, state/provincial/territorial, and local taxes, fees and surcharges and taxes (whether foreign or domestic, and including income, sales, and import taxes) on prizes are the sole responsibility of the prize winners. In the event that the selected winner(s) of any prize is/are ineligible, cannot be traced or does/do not respond within ten (10) days to a winner notification or refuses the prize, the prize will be forfeited and Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may choose whether to award the prize to another entrant. The Sponsor reserves the right to verify the validity and originality of any entry and/or entrant (including an entrant's identity and address) and to disqualify any entrant who submits an entry that is not in accordance with these Official Rules or who tampers with the entry process. Failure by the Sponsor to enforce any of its rights at any stage does not constitute a waiver of those rights. Bhaskar Prakashan can resell, re-purpose credits of usage of the content provided by entrant in print or online.
RIGHT TO CANCEL OR SUSPEND CONTEST
If for any reason the Contest is not capable of running as planned, due to infection by computer virus, bugs, worms, trojan horses, denial of service attacks, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of Bhaskar Prakashan Private Limited that corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of this Contest, Bhaskar Prakashan Private Limited reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual(s) who tamper with the entry process, and/or to cancel, terminate, modify, or suspend the Contest. If Sponsor elects to cancel or terminate the Contest, Sponsor will not retain any rights in the submitted contents.
DATA PRIVACY
Entrants agree that personal data, especially name and address, may be processed, shared, and otherwise used for the purposes and within the context of the Contest and any other purposes outlined in these Official Rules. The data may also be used by the Sponsor in order to verify the participant's identity, mail address, and other information or to otherwise verify the participant's eligibility to participate in the Contest.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (add date) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy statements for our site or its implementation you may contact us on any of the following.
Editor / Grievance Redressal Officer
Bhaskar Prakashan Private Limited
Address:
16 Amar Stambh Press Complex, Zone-I, M.P. Nagar, Bhopal (MP) 462011 India
Tel:
(0755) 2577525
Fax:
(0755) 4247788
Email:
contact@bhaskarhindi.com
This Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated on April 2019.
X