PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
In addition to the terms set out in the standard “LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT” (can be found here
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/appstore/dev/stdeula/),
users agree to the Application collecting certain detailed user information indicated in EULA & PRIVACY POLICY below.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
Introduction
Data We Collect
Online Tracking and Opt-out
How We Use The Information We Collect
Cross-app advertising and other interest-based advertising technologies Sharing Your Information
Cookies, Identifiers, Data Analysis
How We Protect Your Information
Information Relating to Children
Where We Store Your Information
How Long We Store Your Information
Data Deletion
Access To and Choices Regarding Your Information
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apps of this publisher and should be read together with the End User License Agreement EULA. By using a Publisher’s App, you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use any Publisher’s Apps. In certain cases, for example, if geolocation data is processed by the relevant Publisher’s App, the Publisher’s App will prompt you to give additional consent. In such case, you can choose not to give consent to us processing data related to your location but you can still use the Publisher’s App.
This Privacy Policy may change so you should review it regularly. We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information through the Publisher’s Apps you use.
2. DATA WE COLLECT
When you use an Publisher’s App, Publisher may collect data, including information which directly or indirectly identifies you. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it. The information we collect about you includes:
If an Publisher’s App offers you the option to register, we will collect the information you provide to us in the registration form. This may include identification data such as your name, email address or other account or registration information.
We will also collect your information when you use Publisher’s Apps such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using the Publisher’s Apps, if such functionality is available in the Publisher’s App.
We will collect information about you when you interact with us such as when you report a problem, contact or communicate with us.
We may collect certain device information and electronic identifiers such as your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system, your mobile operating system details and the name of your mobile carrier. For example, if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also known as “IDFAs”) may be collected. Other identifiers collected may include IP addresses, OpenUDID, Session ID, ODIn1, iOS Vendor IDs, MAC addresses, IMEI, Android ID for Android platform, and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs, the “App Identifiers”).
Information about how and when you use the Publisher’s App. This includes the amount of times you used the Publisher’s App, which parts of it you viewed and other technical data such as country settings and timestamps.
Geolocation data, which is any information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded. Before processing any precise GPS geolocation data, the Publisher’s App will require you to give your consent, which you can revoke by changing the privacy settings of your device.
Any of your information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook when you link the Publisher’s App to your social network or public forum account. This data may include your use of the Publisher’s App on such public forums and/or social networks, including with whom
you share the Publisher’s App. For further information how and for what purpose the social network provider collects etc. your data see their privacy policy.
We automatically collect certain information from your device when you use the Publisher’s App including information about your device, carrier and other technical data.
3. ONLINE TRACKING AND OPT-OUT
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected from you on our Publisher’s Apps for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the links below to the NAI “Consumer Opt-out,” DAA opt-out, and Google and other opt-outs that are only applicable to participating third parties, which does not include Publisher. As stated below you may also block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out
4. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE
COLLECT
We may use your information we collect to:
Deliver the Publisher’s Apps to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation;
Provide you with customer support;
Perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content;
In accordance with applicable law, communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or
subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.;
Develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests and to measure its effectiveness;
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
Enforce our terms, conditions and policies and to communicate with you;
Manage and improve the Publisher’s App. For this purpose, we may use and combine your information which we collect across different Publisher’s Apps used by you;
When we collect your precise GPS geolocation data (subject to your consent), we do so for the purpose of providing you with our location-related products and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
When you use the Publisher’s App, we may use the App Identifiers to facilitate access to the Publisher’s Apps, help us recognize you across different Publisher’s Apps, to enable you to use the Publisher’s Apps, to personalize your experience, to increase security, measure the use and effectiveness of our Publisher’s Apps and serve advertising. You can block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device.
5. CROSS-APP ADVERTISING AND OTHER INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES
As described above, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads, content or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile “SDK.” The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and
we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our apps, for third party advertising. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based cross-application tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device “settings”, as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their “opt out” settings work at any time).
Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or “contextual” application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of mobile interest-based or “cross-app” advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON’. On an iPhone 6 for example, you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and toggling “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON’. Our systems are designed to respect your choice and not use Information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON.
We may sometimes work with partners to help us or help them correlate content or ads provided to users across devices or browsers. For instance, a brand may wish to use the Information that we collect (or data that its own partners collect) to send offers to its customers across both mobile applications and browsers. We thus also provide the links below to the NAI “Consumer Opt-out,” DAA opt-out, and Google opt-out that are only applicable to participating third parties, which does not include IAC. You may also block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry has not reached a consensus as to Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
6. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share your information with others except as indicated below:
We may share your information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting Publisher’s Apps functionality, and supporting marketing promotions (e.g., contests and sweepstakes) surveys and other features offered through Publisher’s Apps. These service providers may have limited access to your information, which is needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
When you engage in promotions offered through the Publisher’s Apps, we may share your information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant’s offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant.
We may also allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, parent and subsidiary companies, affiliates, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements in the Publisher’s Apps or use App Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing. These companies may use technologies to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness.
We combine information internally at Publisher across different Publisher’s Apps. This means, for example, that we may combine your information from our Notepad app with information we have about you in our Emoji app. This will enable us to provide more tailored and personal experiences and services to you across the family of Publisher’s Apps
Other Situations. We may disclose your information (i) in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency, (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; (iii) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; (iv) to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; (v) to enforce Publisher’s Apps terms and conditions or other agreements or policies; and (vi) in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business or the Publisher’s Apps, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale or transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. In addition, we may share aggregated information we collect, under any of the above circumstances, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other legitimate
business purposes. Please note that such aggregated information will not include any information which allows third parties to identity you.
7. COOKIES, IDENTIFIERS AND DATA
ANALYSIS
Firebase
Publisher’s uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on Information which is gathered by Publisher’s Apps. App Identifiers and other Information which Publisher’s gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. Any Information (including App Identifiers) which are provided to Google will become subject to Google’s privacy policy which is located here:
http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
For further information on how Google’s Firebase analytics tool uses data, please see the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).
Website Cookies
Separately to the Publisher’s Apps, the Publisher’s website itself uses cookies. Certain information about you, (including personal information), may be collected through the use of cookies when you visit and interact with our website. Some of these cookies are essential for the Publisher’s website to operate and ensure that we provide the services you requested. By using our services you agree to the use of certain non-essential cookies unless you set your browser to reject them.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or browser. We use cookies and the information contained therein for a number of purposes including but not limited to:
tracking the duration of visits and content accessed; and
storing frequently used user information to personalise your online experience and ease the log-in process.
You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our Site. Further
information on cookies and how websites use them can be obtained at
http://www.cookiecentral.com
8. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security and confidentiality of your information is very important to us, so we take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Please know that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
9. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN
Some if the Publisher’s Apps are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect (or knowingly allow any third party to collect) information from persons under the age of 13. If we become aware that information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us and we will promptly delete that information.
10. WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of your country and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and, in particular, the US. It may also be processed by any service providers appointed by us who operate outside the EEA and their staff, and/or our own staff based outside of the EEA. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA. Data transferred will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
11. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR
INFORMATION
We will keep your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the Publisher’s Apps and for us to comply with our obligations under this Privacy Policy and at law.
12. DATA DELETION
Uninstallation and removal methods vary depending on your device. To uninstall and remove the Publisher’s Apps, please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual for reference. Any of your data stored by us will be deleted after a reasonable period following deletion of a Publisher’s App.
13. ACCESS TO AND CHOICES REGARDING
YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to access information held about you or require it to be modified if inaccurate or deleted. Your right of access can be exercised by contacting us using the details set out below. Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
14. EU Consent Policy and Personalized
Experience
What type of personal data will be processed?
Depending on your Privacy Settings, our partners may collect and process personal data such as device identifiers, language, location data, and other demographic and interest data about you to provide you with the most relevant experience when using this app.
You can learn more about the data we collect for our partner from the links to our partners’ Privacy Policy pages below:
●
https://www.mopub.com/gdpr
● https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html
● https://www.adjust.com/gdpr/
● https://www.google.com/about/company/user-consent-policy.html
● https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7666366?hl=en-GB#
● https://www.facebook.com/business/m/one-sheeters/gdpr-developer-faqs ● https://www.facebook.com/business/gdpr
● https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/#firebase_is_gdpr_ready
● https://www.digitalocean.com/security/gdpr/
Why are such data processed? Who will be processing the data?
Your consent to collect personal data in the app personalizes your experience (ad and usage) via numerous adversing and analytics partners. It will allow to remember your preferred language choice, show you more targeted ads, check for fraud, share with our partners who will then sell you their services or show ads which are more
relevant to you, as well as it will help to faster identify bugs and problems in the app if they appear.
When will processing take place? How do I withdraw my consent?
Once you agree to collect your personal data, the app starts processing it. Depending on partner type, user data is stored hours or months to enhance your experience in the app and erased once it becomes no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. If you change you mind later to withdraw your consent, you can always opt in by disabling Limit Ad Tracking setting on your mobile device and then revisiting this app. If you consent us and our partners personalizing your experience in a different app, we’ll collect data via that app.
How do I erase my personal data?
According to EU GDPR law, Controllers have an obligation to delete data that was processed on the basis of consent once that consent is withdrawn. If you wish your data to be erased, please apply to erasemeGDPR@iganalysis.com and include you IDFA, app’s store URL in email subject and email body.
Privacy Policy: О нас
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/:
We, Yahoo, are part of the
Yahoo family of brands
The sites and apps that we own and operate, including Yahoo and AOL, and our digital advertising service, Yahoo Advertising.
Yahoo
family of brands.
When you use our sites and apps, we use
Cookies
Cookies (including similar technologies such as web storage) allow the operators of websites and apps to store and read information from your device. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
cookies
to:
provide our sites and apps to you
authenticate users, apply security measures, and prevent spam and abuse, and
measure your use of our sites and apps
If you click '
Accept all
', we and
our partners
, including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words, use cookies) and use precise geolocation data and other personal data such as IP address and browsing and search data, for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research and services development.
If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click '
Reject all
'.
If you would like to customise your choices, click '
Manage privacy settings
'.
You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy & cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and apps. Find out more about how we use your personal data in our
privacy policy
and
cookie policy
.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage privacy settings
Go to end
Sub-policy 1
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out:
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and analyze site traffic. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it!
Products
Analytics
Events
Segmentation
Audience
User Journeys
Funnels
Push
Crash
Flurry App
Solutions
Acquisition
Attribution
Conversion
Retention
Blog
Support
Login
Sign Up
OOPS, NO DATA
Our Sincere Apologies!
Whatever it is you were looking for, we can't find it here. It's probably our fault, unless you clicked on something you weren't supposed to, which is also our fault.
Start Over
Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
http://www.google.com/privacy.html.:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/privacy.html.
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 4
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/policies/privacy/partners/).
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.