Back to Top
Home
(current)
Features
Details
Video
Drop
Article Details
Terms Conditions
Privacy Policy
Free trial
1. Private data we receive and collect
Leon also automatically collects and receives certain information from your computer or mobile device, including the activities you perform on our Website, the Platforms, and the Applications, the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system or browser), and information obtained
1.1. For example each time you visit the website
For example, each time you visit the Website or otherwise use the Services, we automatically collect your IP address, browser and device type, access times, the web page from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page, and the web page(s) you access (as applicable). There is more to this section and we want.
1.2. When you first register for a leon account
Your billing address and any necessary other information to complete any financial transaction, and when making purchases through the Services, we may also collect your credit card or PayPal information or any other sensitive data that might be acquired by third parties not involved in the process
2. Advantages of working with vera
Leon Landing Page Template uses visitors' data for the following general purposes and for other specific ones that are important. To identify you when you login to your account so we can start or user security process for the entire session and duration. Enable us to operate the Services and provide them to you without fear of losing.
Verify your transactions and for purchase confirmation, billing, security, and authentication (including security tokens for communication with installed). Always take security measures like not saving passwords in your browser or writing them down. analyze the Website or the other Services and information about our visitors.
To identify you
when you login to your account so we can start or user security process for the entire session and duration and the need to protect sensitive data for the user and their company
To enable us
to operate the Services and provide them to you without fear of losing precious confidential information of your users and find more stuff to place on the shelves
To verify your
transactions and for purchase confirmation, billing, security, and authentication (including security tokens for communication with installed). Always take security measures
Like not saving passwords in your browser or writing them down. To analyze the Website or the other Services and information about our visitors and users, including research into our user demographics and user behaviour in order to improve our content and Services that are offered by the system and other third party companies.
Contact you about your account and provide customer
Share aggregate (non-identifiable) statistics about users of the Services to prospective advertisers and partners. Keep you informed about the Services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, surveys, newsletters, offers, contests and events we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us sell or market Leon Landing Page products and services to you or in other parts.
3. Better understand your needs
In the aggregate, diagnose problems, analyze trends, improve the features and usability of the Services, and better understand and market to our customers and users. Keep the Services safe and secure for everyone using the app from administrators to regular users with limited rights and other aspects of the business
3.1. In these ways please stop using the services
Leon Landing Page uses tracking technology on the landing page, in the Applications, and in the Platforms, including mobile application identifiers and a unique Hootsuite user ID to help us recognize you across different Services, to monitor usage and web traffic routing for the Services, and to customize.
3.2. By visiting leon or using the services you agree
For example, each time you visit the Website or otherwise use the Services, we automatically collect your IP address, browser and device type, access times, the web page from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page , and the web page(s) you access. When you first register for a Leon account.
To identify you
when you login to your account so we can start or user security process for the entire session and duration and the need to protect sensitive data for the user and their company
To enable us
to operate the Services and provide them to you without fear of losing precious confidential information of your users and find more stuff to place on the shelves
To verify your
transactions and for purchase confirmation, billing, security, and authentication (including security tokens for communication with installed). Always take security measures
To better understand
your needs and the needs of users in the aggregate, diagnose problems, analyze trends, improve the features and usability of the Services, and better understand and market
We also use
non-identifiable information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the Services with a view to introducing improvements and improve
4. We may share this type of statistical sata
Sell or market Leon Landing Page products and services to you or in other parts of the world where legislation is less restrictive. Needs and the needs of users in the aggregate, diagnose problems, analyze trends, improve the features and usability of the Services, and better understand and market to our customers and users
1.
Details lightbox
for more details information, statistics numbers for important values, card slider for testimonials, image slider for customer logos and working forms positioned in the right place
2.
Some useful extra
pages are bundled with the template lik article details, terms conditions and privacy policy which can be customized as per your requirements and other user needs manifested in emails
3.
Riga has an impactful
dark style design combined with warm colors and angular background shapes with the unique goal of making your mobile app stand out from the crowd needs to see this app
4.
Leon is an easy
to customize landing page HTML template built with Bootstrap for promoting mobile apps to the online audience and making visitors download them from app stores built by the media companies
5.
This template
is built with HTML, CSS and Bootstrap to ensure the highest flexibility for all users. All designers, developers and tech-savvy people will be able to customize and modify all required aspects
Among the features you will find details lightbox
For more details information, tabbed content for feature details, video lightbox, card slider for testimonials, statistics numbers for important values, image slider for customer logos, dropdown navigation and useful extra pages for article details, terms conditions and privacy policy light design. Build an engaging online presentation for your mobile app and convince visitors to return.
Help you showcase your mobile app online and persuade visitors to download it from the app stores. The author used Bootstrap to build the template and integrated a nice animated navigation that slides from outside the screen. Features include an eye catching morphtext in the header, details lightbox and other features.
Free trial
Copyright ©
Your name