Big News
Download
Overview
What's New
Tour
Help
Privacy
Your privacy is really important. That's why we always try to collect as little data as possible. Not only that, but we never sell or share your data to third-parties.
Last updated: 18th November 2021
Hi, we're
The Not So Big Company
, and we're the makers of Big News. As a company we always try to avoid collecting data, though sometimes we do collect a small amount in order to offer you the services that we do. This page will outline the type of data we do collect, why we collect it, and how you can request a copy of it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is NOT SO BIG TECH LIMITED located at 1 Haven Way, SE1 3FJ, London.
What data we collect
The personal data we collect from you includes:
questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact us
your email address when you sign up to our betas or other email alerts
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and details of which version of web browser you used
What we do with your data
The data we collect may be shared with our technology suppliers, for example our hosting provider.
We will not:
sell or rent your data to third parties
share your data with third parties for marketing purposes
use your data in analytics
We will share your data if we are required to do so by law - for example, by court order, or to prevent fraud or other crime.
We use Cloudflare Analytics to collect information about how you use our websites. This includes IP addresses. The data is anonymised before being used for analytics processing.
Cloudflare Analytics processes anonymised information about:
the pages you visit on our websites
how long you spend on each of our website pages
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We will not identify you through analytics information, and we will not combine analytics information with other data sets in a way that would identify who you are.
How long we keep your data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as:
it is needed for the purposes set out in this document
We will keep your email data until you unsubscribe.
We will delete access log data after 120 days.
Children’s privacy protection
Our services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. We do not intentionally collect or maintain data about anyone under the age of 13.
Where your data is processed and stored
We design, build and run our systems to make sure that your data is as safe as possible at all stages, both while it’s processed and when it’s stored.
All personal data is stored in the European Economic Area (EEA).
How we protect your data and keep it secure We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your data secure. We have set up systems and processes to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your data - for example, we protect your data using varying levels of encryption.
We also make sure that any third parties that we deal with keep all personal data they process on our behalf secure.
Your rights
You have the right to request:
information about how your personal data is processed
a copy of that personal data
that anything inaccurate in your personal data is corrected immediately You can also:
raise an objection about how your personal data is processed
request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it
ask that the processing of your personal data is restricted in certain circumstances
If you have any of these requests, get in contact by emailing
help@notsobig.company
.
Changes to this policy
We may change this privacy policy. In that case, the ‘last updated’ date at the top of this page will also change. Any changes to this privacy policy will apply to you and your data immediately.
If these changes affect how your personal data is processed, NOT SO BIG TECH LIMITED will take reasonable steps to let you know.