Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, and we are therefore careful with all our processing of your personal data. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of which personal data Sleip AI processes, how we process them and how you can exercise your rights regarding your personal data. This policy is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) No. 2016/679 and our safe processing of your personal data is further ensured by our internal guidelines.
1. Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data?
This policy describes how Sleip AI AB, Birger Jarlsgatan 58, 114 29 Stockholm, a company registered in Sweden under organization number 559234-1910 (“Sleip AI”, “we”, “us”), processes personal data.
Sleip AI is the controller of the personal data processed as set out in this Privacy Policy, which means we are responsible for the processing of the personal data that we collect about you, or that you provide us with.
When you record videos through our app to provide material about a horse’s movements, Sleip AI and the relevant company or individual that is Sleip’s paying customer (for example your veterinarian) are joint controllers. This means that we are jointly responsible for the processing of the personal data that you upload through video recordings (i.e. personal data in form of video recordings of yourself running next to a horse). Information about the processing of your personal data through video recordings are also set out in this Privacy Policy. Should you wish to exercise your rights as regards our processing of personal data in video recordings, we kindly ask you to direct your request to Sleip AI.
2. Which personal data does Sleip AI process, why and for how long?
To market our services
In order to provide you with offers on our services or to send you other marketing materials such as newsletters, tips, and product updates, we need to process basic contact information about you which includes your name, telephone number and e-mail, as well as your account information if applicable. This is necessary for us to be able to communicate with you. The personal data is collected from you, your employer, our partners, and/or public sources.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to market and sell our services.
Your personal data is processed for as long as it is necessary for Sleip AI’s business purposes.
To provide our services
In order to provide our services to you, we need to process basic contact information that you, your employer or your veterinarian provide to us, for example your name, address, telephone number and e-mail, as well as your account information. This is necessary for us to be able to communicate with you, handle your account and fulfill our agreement with you or the contracting party.
The legal basis for the processing is the agreement regarding our services or, if the processing is not covered by the agreement or if you are not a contracting party to the agreement, our legitimate interest to provide our services. It is necessary for us to process personal data to enter into an agreement and to enable you to use our services.
Your personal data is processed during the term of the agreement with you or your employer.
To analyze a video recording of a horse and to improve our services
If you handle a horse which is the subject of video capture in our service, we will process personal data about you since you will be present in the video material. The personal data is provided by you or our relevant customer appointed for assessment of the horse and/or by the person on whose behalf you are handling the horse. We will also use the video recordings to improve the technology within our services.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to provide our services and improve them.
Your personal data is processed for as long the relevant customer has an account which includes an assessment of the relevant horse.
To manage and perform our agreements with suppliers, subcontractors and collaboration partners
If you are a supplier, subcontractor or collaboration partner, we process your personal data as needed to fulfil our agreement with you or your employer. The personal data is provided by you or your employer/principal, and we process basic contact information including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail, as well as your account information, if applicable.
The legal basis for the processing is the agreement with you or your employer or, if the processing is not covered by the agreement or if you are not a contracting party to the agreement, our legitimate interest. It is necessary for us to process personal data to enter into an agreement.
Your personal data is processed during the term of the agreement with you or your employer/principal.
To handle recruitments
Job seekers
We process personal data for the purpose of recruiting staff and representatives. The information is submitted to us by yourself when you apply for a position in our company. Your personal data can also be used for the purpose of entering into an employment contract between you and us.
To assess your application and handle the recruitment procedure, we process the information that you submit to us, such as all the information you provide in your CV and cover letter (e.g., age, picture, education, and work-related details), other documentation (e.g., grades and certificates), and e-mails to us. Information from interviews can also be noted as well as information from references. We also process your basic contact information including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to handle recruitments.
If you apply for an employment at Sleip AI, we save your personal data for as long as we need it to assess you as a candidate for a particular position. We delete your personal data two years after the position has been filled. If you consent to us saving your data for future recruitment needs, we will store the data for two years from the time you have given your consent to this. You can revoke this consent at any time.
References
If you act as reference for a job seeker applying to work at Sleip AI, we process information about you that the job seeker has submitted to us including basic contact information such as your name, telephone number and e-mail address, as well as other work-related information. We also process additional information that you provide us with, such as your perception of the job seeker.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to handle the recruitment procedure regarding the job seeker that you act as reference for.
Your personal data is processed until the relevant position has been filled and two years thereafter.
To comply with legal obligations
If you are a customer that subscribes to our services, we process your personal data as needed to comply with legal obligations, such as our obligation to handle tax information and information for our financial records. For example, we sometimes need to share your personal data with authorities if your information occurs in documentation that the authorities require. The personal data is provided by you, your employer, or your veterinarian. We process your basic contact information including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail, as well as VAT-information which may encompass your personal identification number.
The legal basis for the processing is our legal obligation to comply with applicable rules.
Your personal data is processed for as long as the required records shall be kept under Swedish law and regulation.
To enforce legal claims
If you are a customer, subcontractor or collaboration partner of Sleip AI, we process your personal data as needed to protect and enforce any legal claims of ours, rising out of our contractual relationship with you, your employer or other principal. The personal data is provided by you, your employer, or your veterinarian. We process your basic contact information including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail, as well as VAT-information which may encompass your personal identification number if necessary.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to establish, exercise and/or defend legal claims.
Your personal data is processed for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose of the processing and at least in accordance with applicable prescription period.
3. Sharing and transfers of your personal data
How we share your personal data
We disclose your personal data to third parties in some cases. The recipients are:
Processors that handle your personal data on our request, such as external service providers including companies who provide us with our IT systems and cloud service providers allowing us to store your data,
Accounting firms,
Authorities,
Courts,
Other users of our services such as your veterinary or employer,
Suppliers and partners, such as marketing partners.
Transfers of your personal data
We strive to process your personal data within the EU/EEA. However, we sometimes engage partners and subcontractors who may process your personal data in countries outside the EU/EEA. In such cases, we implement safeguards by either using the European Commission's standard contractual clauses on third country transfers, or there is a decision on an adequate level of protection from the European Commission.
Please reach out to us via the contact details indicated at the end of this page if you would like to know more either about the safeguards or if you would like to know where your personal data is located.
4. Your rights
The GDPR specifies your rights to legal control over your personal data. The following is a list of some of your rights under the GDPR.
Right of access and right to information
You have the right to obtain a confirmation from us as to whether personal data concerning you are being processed by us, and, where that is the case, you have the right to access that personal data. This includes the right to receive a copy of your personal data that we process and to get information about the processing.
Right to rectification
You have the right to request that we rectify inaccurate personal data concerning you. You also have the right to complete any incomplete personal data, taking into account the purposes of the processing.
Right to erasure (”the right to be forgotten”)
You have the right to request that we erase personal data concerning you, and we have the obligation to erase your personal data in some situations. Please know that there might be reasons as to why we cannot immediately erase all your personal data. Our continuous processing of your personal data might for example be necessary for us to fulfil a legal obligation that requires processing of your personal data. If you request to delete your personal data in video material, then the video deleted by us together with its corresponding analysis data will no longer be available.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right, under certain conditions, to request that we restrict processing of your personal data. Restriction of processing means that your stored personal data will be marked with the aim of limiting their processing in the future to certain given purposes. The right to restriction applies for example when you have contested the accuracy of your personal data, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data, and when you have objected to our processing based on our legitimate interests, pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override yours. If you request to delete your personal data in video material, then the video deleted by us together with its corresponding analysis data will no longer be available.
Right to data portability
You have the right, under certain conditions, to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us. When exercising your right to data portability you have the right to have your personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller, where technically feasible.
Right to object
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your situation, to certain processing of your personal data. The right to object applies for example when we process your personal data based on our legitimate interests.
Right to object to automated individual decision-making (including profiling)
You have the right, with certain exemptions, not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Right to lodge a complaint
If you think that our processing of your personal data infringes the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten), which is the supervisory authority under the GDPR in Sweden,
https://www.imy.se/en/
.
If you are dissatisfied with our processing of your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us so we can solve the situation.
Exercise your rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights you can easily do that by contacting us, using the contact information set out at the end of this policy. To protect your integrity and your personal data we might require that you identify yourself when you require our assistance.
5. Contact information
In any matter regarding personal data, you may contact us at the postal address above, via e-mail at
hello@sleip.com
.
If you wish to reach us by phone, please let us know by any manner, and we will make sure to put you in contact with one of our staff members.
This Privacy Policy has been updated on April 8, 2024.