NOVEMBER 1, 2024
Privacy Policy
When you use any of our products, you share some information with us. This Privacy Policy will describe how we collect, use, and share your information. Since the Privacy Policy applies to users, visitors, and all others who access our products and services, we recommend reading this entire document.
Personal Information
Some of our products or services require you to set up an account, so we may need to collect a few important details about you, such as your name, username, and email address.
Tracking
We don't serve any advertisements in our products. However, we do runs ads for our apps, and in order to measure results and manage our budgets, we may collect data such as advertising identifiers.
Information We Collect
When you use our products or services, some information about you is collected automatically:
Logs – we may log information about your use of our products, including browser type, language, access times, pages viewed, and your IP address.
Device – we may collect information describing the device you are using to access our products. This data includes the hardware, model, operating system, version, MAC address, unique device identifier, and mobile network information.
Cookies – cookies are small data files stored on your computer that help us improve your experience and our products.
We sell In-App Purchases (as defined in our Terms) to our Services. When you make purchases through the Services, we process your payments through a third-party application, including the Apple App Store (together with any similar applications, "App Stores"). The third-party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of Saturday, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.
Consumption Data
We provide App Stores operators, such as Apple, with consumption data when reviewing your refund requests. For example, if you're six months into an annual subscription, you've consumed 50% of your subscription. If you would like to opt-out and not have us share your consumption data with operators such as Apple, please email us through the relevant app to initiate your opt-out (please use a clear subject like "
Consumption Data Opt-Out Request
"). The consumption data isn't used for tracking purposes, it's solely used to determine eligibility for refunds in order to combat fraud.
How We Use Information
Provide, maintain, and improve our products;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products;
Detect, investigate, and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
How We Share Information
Third-party vendors who provide us with analytical software have access to non-personally identifiable data. For instance, generic actions taken in our products are measured and shared with our vendors. This data is non-personally identifiable, which means it cannot be traced back to you.
We may have to share information in response to a legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
Information may be shared in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy is subject to minor changes from time to time and in our sole discretion. We will notify you of changes by changing the date at the top of this page, and in some cases directly notifying you. We encourage visitors to check this page for any updates in order to stay informed on how we collect, use, and share information. Your continued use of our products after any change in the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.