June 1, 2021
Privacy Policy
Saturday Technologies Inc. creates products and services, including apps and websites like Turtle, for people like you. When you use any of our products, you share some information with us. This Privacy Policy will describe how we collect, use, and share your information. Since the Privacy Policy applies to users, visitors, and all others who access our products and services, we recommend reading this entire document.
Personal Information
We do not store any of your personal information. Additionally, you are not required to provide us any information in order to use our products or services.
Zero Advertisements
We don't serve any advertisements in our products. As a result, we do not collect data such as advertising identifiers and use it for purposes related to advertising. Any information that is collected is solely applied to improve the quality of the products.
Information We Collect
When you use our products or services, some information about you is collected automatically:
Logs – we may log information about your use of our products, including browser type, language, access times, pages viewed, and your IP address.
Device – we may collect information describing the device you are using to access our products. This data includes the hardware, model, operating system, version, MAC address, unique device identifier, and mobile network information.
Cookies – cookies are small data files stored on your computer that help us improve your experience and our products.
How We Use Information
Provide, maintain, and improve our products;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products;
Detect, investigate, and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Saturday is based in Canada and the information we collect is governed by Canadian law. By accessing or using our products, or otherwise providing us information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to Canada and other countries.
How We Share Information
Third-party vendors who provide us with analytical software have access to non-personally identifiable data. For instance, generic actions taken in our products are measured and shared with our vendors. This data is non-personally identifiable, which means it cannot be traced back to you.
We may have to share information in response to a legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
Information may be shared in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy is subject to minor changes from time to time and in our sole discretion. We will notify you of changes by changing the date at the top of this page, and in some cases directly notifying you. We encourage visitors to check this page for any updates in order to stay informed on how we collect, use, and share information. Your continued use of our products after any change in the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Related Documents
Terms of Service