This application privacy protection agreement
        This app respects and protects the privacy of all individuals who use this app's network services. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "privacy policy") stipulates that we will not intentionally disclose the content related to your personal privacy to any third party without your prior consent, unless otherwise stated in this policy.
        1. What access rights do we need
        (1) Access network permissions
        (2) Access album permissions
        2. Why do we need these access rights
        (1) Access to the network - we provide online pictorial. We need to obtain pictorial lists and pictures from the network, so we need access to the network
        (2) Access photo album permission - we provide the function of saving pictures to photo album, so we need to access photo album permission
        3. The application, IP, equipment and other information
        After your first visit to the app, the app will send a network request to the server. The request will carry the IP of your device. IP address refers to the internet protocol address (English: Internet protocol address, also translated as internet protocol address), which is the abbreviation of IP address. IP address is a unified address format provided by IP protocol. It assigns a logical address to each network and host on the Internet to shield the difference of physical address. Used to identify different access users. This application uses cookies to improve our service quality and learn more about the user community. Your personal information carried by IP is regarded as your personal privacy, and this application will be protected in accordance with the user's privacy policy.
        4. What information do we collect?
        (1) We may collect and use facial contour information. When users use the image matting, character animation, character aging, male to female, female to male and character animation functions, if the uploaded pictures contain face information, we will use the face contour information of these faces in the processing process for the processing of artificial intelligence algorithms. We do not store or share these facial contour information. The processed pictures will be stored in the server for 24 hours and cleared regularly after 24 hours because the download result service needs to be provided.
        (2) This app does not collect any specific information about you unless you specifically provide such information or you have agreed to our collection of such information. The information recorded and saved by this application includes: time, mobile device type, application language, user IP address, etc. This information is used to verify our records and provide users with more appropriate services.
        5. Specific contents of this application privacy policy
        Protecting user privacy is a basic policy of this application. This application guarantees not to disclose or provide your application data and personal information stored in this application when using network services to third parties, except for the following cases:
        (a) Obtain the explicit authorization of the user in advance;
        (b) According to relevant laws and regulations;
        (c) In accordance with the requirements of relevant government authorities;
        (d) To safeguard the interests of the public;
        (e) To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of this application.
        This application may cooperate with a third party to provide you with relevant network services. In this case, if the third party agrees to assume the same responsibility to protect users' privacy as this application, this application can provide your personal information to the third party. Without disclosing your privacy information, the application has the right to analyze the entire user database and make commercial use of the user database (including but not limited to publishing, analyzing or otherwise using user data information such as user visits, access periods, user preferences, etc.)
6. Recognition and revision of privacy policy