Privacy Policy
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions, by sending an email to
legal@ayes.ai
.
AYES delivers a live navigational assistance for visually impaired people. This is done by capturing a video feed of the environment via the camera on your mobile device and running our algorithms on these images. The images are only shared with AYES if we detect a defect off the algorithms. This captured data is never shared between external parties. This Privacy Policy is used to inform you about what we use for data processing and which personal data we collect and for what purpose.
This Privacy Policy is communicated to you in English. If you would like to receive the Privacy Policy in another language (French or Dutch) we kindly ask you to notify us. By using the software, you agree with our Privacy Policy, confirm to have read and understood the Privacy Policy, and give us your approval to use your personal data for the purpose of the service we offer to you and following this policy.
The responsible for the data controlling and processing: AYES INC ("AYES"), with registered offices at 2915 OGLETOWN ROAD, # 4393, NEWARK, DE 19713, USA with e-mail address:
legal@ayes.ai
.
We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. We provide our Services for use by adults 17 years old and older and do not direct any of our content specifically at persons under 17 years of age. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Services user is under age 17, we may exercise our right to terminate the account.
We primarily store your personal data in Europe but may also use other locations around the world. For example, your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other so call ‘third country’ in which AYES, a company in the same group of companies as AYES or Service Providers maintain facilities. When we do transfer your data to a third country, we will use the transfer mechanism as approved by the GDPR (such as Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, your consent or sending it to a country that received an adequacy decision of the European Commission.
As set out under the General Data Protection Regulation, we keep personal data in any event for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose. The law does not stipulate specific storage periods for personal data. Other legislation may specify minimum storage periods, however If it does, we are under the obligation to observe these periods. Such legislation includes tax laws or laws governing financial undertakings specifically. Another reason for which we may keep your data longer is if we become involved in a lawsuit or other legal proceedings.
AYES may use registration, online surveys, and other online forms that ask you to provide your name, e-mail address, and other contact information. We will also ask if you are a visually impaired or sighted user. In the future, we may also ask for other information. But since we are asking, you will always know!
If you register with AYES through a third party account like Facebook, Google or Apple, then we will collect the information that you allow us to collect via the controls offered by your account with that provider.
We also collect and store data in order to provide the Services to you and to improve those Services. This section will give you more information about the kinds of information we collect, but the specific information we collect will depend on whether you are using our app or visiting our website.
(a) Cookies and Similar Technologies. From time to time, we may use the standard cookies feature of major browser applications, mobile device or wearable device you use to access our Services. We may also use similar technologies when you use our app. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies.
These technologies help us learn which areas of our Services are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies and other web technologies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable these functions, your experience using our Services may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.
(b) Log Files. When you access our Services, we may automatically record certain log file information, including your request, browser type (when you access our website), referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails we send you to help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked. The information we collect helps us achieve a better, more accurate understanding of how our Services are used, and how we can improve them.
(c) Metadata. Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected, how that content is formatted, and where in the world that content was created.
(d) Analytics Data. We may use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services. Those tools may employ pixels or web beacons that store a small piece of data on your device. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Services to assist us in improving the Service.
(e) Video Streams and Other User Content. From time to time, we might detect an anomaly in the service that we provide, e.g., if we detect a contradiction between the algorithm and the observed behavior. If this occurs, we might store a video feed to improve our services. This video feed is not shared with third parties.
Our goal in using and sharing information is to create better services for blind and visually impaired people. Here is how we use and share, or not share, the different kinds of information we collect.
(a) Personal Information. Personal information is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person – in other words, information that can identify you, directly or indirectly. Except (i) as stated in this Policy, (ii) as necessary to provide you with our Services, or (iiii) as necessary to comply with the law, we will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent.
We do not sell your personal information. Here is how we may use your personal information:
We may use your personal information to verify your identity, to check your qualifications, or to follow up with activities initiated on the Services. We may also use your contact information to stay in touch, send newsletters, send you notifications via the mobile application, inform you of any changes to the Services, or to send you additional information about AYES.
If we ever use a third party to help us provide our Services, our first choice will be to not provide that third party with access to any personal information. But if that third party needs access to your personal information in order to help us provide the Service, we will share the information with them only under an agreement that does not allow them to use it for any other purpose.
We may share your contact information with non-profit organizations that advocate for or support people who are visually impaired (“Support Organizations”) that may use the information to contact you or make you aware of the services they offer.
(b) Video Streams and Imaging Data. We may analyze stored video streams or imaging data to help us improve our Services and develop new products and services to help the blind and visually impaired community. This can be data provided through the AYES application where we detected a defect in our service. The link between the data uploader and the data is anonymized.
(c) Anonymous Information. We sometimes collect and use anonymous information to analyze our Services traffic. In addition, we may use anonymous information to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Services, or to display content according to your preferences. We may also strip your personal information from data about your use of the Services to create anonymized data that we aggregate with anonymized data of other users (for example, to determine the number of sighted users we have in a particular region). We may use anonymous and anonymized information for any legal purpose.
(d) Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies. We may use cookies or other similar technologies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your username so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you use our Services, or for other purposes.
(e) Required Disclosure of Personal Information. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on AYES or any parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of AYES or the users of the Services, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Services.
(f) Third Party Log-Ins. If you log into our Services using a third-party account like Facebook, Google or Apple, any information you provide that third party is subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. AYES is not responsible for how your information is collected or used by such third parties.
(g) Sale of AYES. As businesses grow and evolve, another company can buy them (or some part of them). If AYES or substantially all of its assets are acquired, user information, including personal information, will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer. If a company that acquires AYES gets access to your information, it will be bound by this Privacy Policy in its treatment of all such information.
If you would like to review or request changes to or deletion of the information that we collect about you, please contact us at
legal@ayes.ai
.
The Services have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to absolutely prevent any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party.
There are some parts of our Services where we either cannot or do not control the flow of information.
(a) Third Party Services, The Services may contain links to other websites and services, and you may use other services to register for or log into AYES. If you choose to visit or use other websites or services, we are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. It is your responsibility to review the applicable privacy policies to confirm that you understand and agree with them.
(b) Video Streams or Imaging data as part of the “AYES OKO” application. AYES does not actively monitor and has no control over the content of video streams or imaging data. The Terms of Use for our Services that you agreed to prohibit using the video streams or imaging data for certain purposes -- no nudity, for one example. Please do not use video streams for purposes that are not permitted. Please also exercise caution in choosing what images you share, what you say, and what information you disclose while chatting with another user on a video.
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to this Services, or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database please feel free to contact us at
legal@ayes.ai
.
From time to time, we may add to, change, update, or modify this Policy. If we change the Policy in a way that affects how your data will be used or the permissions you grant to AYES, we will notify you and ask that you review the new Policy. At that time, you can elect to accept the new policy and continue using our Services, or you can stop using our Services. We may not notify you of changes that do not affect how your data will be used or the permission you grant us. We ask that you review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms, and your continued use of the Services after a change will constitute your agreement to the new terms.
If you no longer want to receive offers for our products and services, you can unsubscribe at any time. All marketing messages include this possibility, and you can follow the link at the bottom of the marketing messages to exercise this right easily.
You have the right to access your data. For this purpose, you can ask us what data are registered and what they are used for. You have the right to have the data AYES collects from you corrected, changed or supplemented if these are incorrect or incomplete. You have the right to ask who has access to your data. You can ask us what data are registered and who has/has had access to them. In certain legal instances, you have the right to have your data erased. In certain legal instances, you have the right to have less data processed by us. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data by us.
If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent or on the basis of the contract we concluded with you we can arrange that you receive the data that you have provided to us, which we store by automated means, so you can provide the data to another party you choose. This is referred to as data portability. Information which is processed for the purpose of a Legal Obligation or Legitimate interests is not covered by this obligations.
It may be the case that you do not want us to use your personal data for profiling. Sometimes, however, we are allowed to do this, for instance to prevent fraud, manage risks or investigate unusual transactions, even if you object to the processing of data. In such situations, we will of course comply with the law.