Home
Blog
Become a Partner
Join The Team
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Playbook Terms & Conditions September 1st, 2021
Playbook Computer Software Trading One Person Company LLC.(Playbook), the sole legal owner of Playbook and/or its affiliates ((“Playbook App,” Playbook, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our,”) respect your private information and is committed to protecting it through its compliance with its privacy policies. This policy describes our practices of collecting, using, storing, protecting and disclosing information which includes all types of information Playbook App may collect form you via any of their mobile applications, websites and other online services (collectively, referred to as Services).Please note that this policy DOES NOT apply to any information that you may have provided to, or that is collected by, any third-party, such as restaurants or other vendors at which you were a customer of. If in doubt, Playbook App encourages you to consult directly with such third-parties about their privacy practices.
Please read this policy carefully to understand Playbook App’s policies and practices regarding how your information will be handled and processed via Playbook or other affiliated mobile applications owned by Playbook App. By accessing or using our Services and/or registering for an account with Playbook App or Playbook, you have agreed to this privacy policy and you are consenting to Playbook App’s collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described herein. If you do not provide the information Playbook App requires, Playbook App may not be able to efficiently provide all of its Services to you. Please also stop using any of the Services Playbook App provides and delete this mobile application immediately if you do not agree in whole or in part with this policy.
Playbook App, located at Unit 1715, Al Shatha Tower, Media City, Dubai will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
Your data controller is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information in accordance with its privacy standards as well as any applicable laws. Your data controller may transfer your data to other affiliated members of Playbook App as described in this Privacy Policy. Playbook App may process and retain your personal information as we deem fit on its servers in India where its data centers are located, and/or on the servers of its third parties (in or outside India), having contractual relationships with Playbook App.
This policy may change from time to time, with or without notifying you. Your continued use of Playbook App’s Services after any subsequent changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy regularly for updates
Data Collection and Usage
Playbook Computer Software Trading One Person Company LLC.(“Playbook App,” Playbook, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our) collects the following types of information from the users of our Services, including:
Personal Information(“PI”) - Information that can be directly associated with a specific person and could be used to identify a specific person. Please note that we do not generally consider information that has been made anonymously as PI as it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in used connection with other information or otherwise.
Information derived from your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Services and your usage details.
We collect this information: directly from you when you provide it to us; and/or automatically as you navigate through our Services (this may include internet usage details such as IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies).
Information Provided by you
Account information: Your full name, email address, physical address, phone number, password and other additional information you may provide in conjunction with your account. You may optionally join our Services through third-party sign-in services such as Facebook. In such cases, we may store any additional information that is made available to us by you through these sign-in services.
Search results and other activities: : The search terms you input and the results you selected.
Browsing data: The time you spent using our Services and the features you used.
Information you provide to us will be generally used to enhance the functionality and improve the quality of our Services. We also use this information to display relevant search results, provide technical support, and comply with our legal obligations.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Software
We implement software which may automatically collect information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) users use to access our Services, even if in the user is not registered or logged in.
Usage information: Details of your usage of our Services, such as traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through our Services.
Electronic devices information: Information including but not limited to your computer, Internet connection and mobile device, including your IP address, operating systems, platforms, browser type, connection, speed, connection type, device type, device’s unique device identifier, mobile network information and the device’s telephone number.
Location information: Real-time information about the location of the device, as permitted by the user.
Mobile device IDs: Unique mobile device identifier (The unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer. e.g. IDFA or mobile device IDs, We may do this to store your preferences and track your use of our applications. Unlike cookies, mobile device IDs cannot be deleted. Analytics companies may use mobile device IDs to track your usage of our applications.
Payment information: Your credit/ debit card details, including your full name, credit card number, expiry date, and all other information in conjunction with completing a transaction online.
Setting preferences: Setting preferences such as time zone and language.
Service Usage: Information on the function used on Services, such as your searches, search results selected, number of clicks, pages viewed and how long you visited our Services, the time and date you used the Services, error logs, and other related information.
Mobile status: For mobile application users, the online or offline status of your application.
Location Services Information and How to Opt Out
● From time to time, our Services will require you to use one of our location-enabled services, we may collect and process information about your mobile device’s GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your mobile device) and the time the location information is recorded to customize the Services with location-based information and features (for example, to inform you about restaurants in your area or applicable discounts). Some of these services require your personal data for the feature to work and we may associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about you. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer’s instructions for further details.
Information from Third Parties
We may collect, process and store your user ID if you login to use our Services by social media account (such as your Facebook account). When you sign in to your account with your social media account information to access our Services, you consent to our collection, storage, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, of the information that you make available to us through the social media interface. This would include, but not limited to, any information that you made public through your social media account, information that the social media service shares with us, or information that is disclosed during the sign-in process. Please see your social media provider’s privacy policy and help center for more information about how they share information when you choose to sign in via your social media account.
Anonymous Data
We may anonymize information collected through the Services or via other means, including the use of third-party web analytic tools below. As a result, our use and disclosure of anonymous information is not restricted by this Privacy Policy, and it may be used and disclosed to others without limitation. Third-party web analytic tools we currently use includes:
1. Firebase
2. Fabric
3. Flurry
4. Adjust
5. App Center
Please note that we have the full discretion to deploy additional third-party web analytic tools with or without prior notification sent you in advance for the purpose of improving the general user experience.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of different purposes, including but not limited to:
Provide you with customer support.
Provide you with a better experience at the venues offered on Playbook.
Administer our Services and diagnose technical problems.
Process and respond to your queries
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you, the vendors and us, including for billing and collection.
Understand our users (what they do on our Services, what features have the highest usage, how they use them, etc.), improve the content and features of our Services (such as by personalizing content to your interests), and make special offers.
Send you promotions or communications that you have requested or that may be of interest to you by way of emails, or courier, or registered post, or telephone calls, or any other mode of communication.
Ads personalization.
In some instances, we may directly contact you for the purpose of requesting users' feedback, with the specific objective of improving our users' experiences and application.
Generate and review reports and data about, and to conduct research on, our user base and Service usage patterns.
Administer contests and sweepstakes.
Provide you with policies about your account.
Notify you about changes to our Services.
Allow you to participate in interactive features offered through our Services.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also disclose personal information that we collect for the following reasons:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates, which are entities under common ownership or control of our ultimate parent company Playbook App.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
To contractors service providers and other third-parties whom we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Playbook App’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Playbook App about the users of our Services are among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may share your information when we reasonably believe that such sharing is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities or to comply with legal process. We may also share your information to investigate and address threats or potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, or violations of the rights of third parties and/or to protect the rights, property and safety of Playbook App, our employees, users, or the public. Under such circumstances, we may share your information with law enforcement, government agencies, courts, and/or other organizations on account of legal request such as subpoena, court order or government demand to comply with the law.
To enforce our Terms of Use [www.theplaybookme.com/termsofservice] and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Playbook App, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We may share your information in any other circumstances where we have your consent.
Unsubscribing to our Commercial Emails
When you sign up for Playbook account, you are opting in to receive emails from Playbook App. You may click the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of the commercial email messages to unsubscribe, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative policy, service policy, or legal policy from Playbook App.
Reviewing, changing or deleting information
If you would like to review, change or delete personal information we have collected from you, or permanently delete your account, please go to sign out, I want to delete my account. Once your deletion request has been submitted, your account will be automatically deleted after 30 days.
Accessing & updating your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information you provided to us and any subsequent updates requests.
We encourage you to review and update any personal information that we possess about you, and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant for legitimate purposes, or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable laws.
Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your personal information may be limited, subject to the law of your jurisdiction:
If your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive, or
If the information or material you request relates to potential, existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us, or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity. Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.
How your information is protected
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your information and to maintain data security. These safeguards take into account the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.
We assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond our control. You play an important role in keeping your personal information secure. You should not share your user name, password, or other security information for your Playbook account with anyone. If we receive instructions using your user name and password, we will consider that you have authorized the instructions.
All payment related information including credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
Data retention and account termination
You can close your account by visiting your profile sign out page on our mobile application. But we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity. For example, we may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service or to comply with legal obligations.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and practices, the features of our services, technological updates. Please check this page regularly for changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here. We are under no obligations to notify you should decide to make any changes to this policy. You are encouraged to review the changes carefully from time to time. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your consent and acceptance of those changes.
Contact us
If you have any queries relating to the processing/ usage of information provided by you or Playbook App’s Privacy Policy, you may email us at
info@theplaybookme.com.
Monthly PPC Ad Spend ...
Less than $1,000
$1,001-$10,000
$10,001-$100,000
More than $100,000
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
X