Who we are
Minnect operates Minnect.com and may operate other websites. It is Minnect’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Minnect collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Minnect’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Minnect’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Minnect may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Minnect also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Minnect.com blogs/sites. Minnect only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Minnect’s websites choose to interact with Minnect in ways that require Minnect to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Minnect gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Minnect.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Minnect are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Minnect collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Minnect. Minnect does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Minnect may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Minnect may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Minnect does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Minnect discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Minnect’s behalf or to provide services available at Minnect’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Minnect’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Minnect will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Minnect discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Minnect believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Minnect, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Minnect website and have supplied your email address, Minnect may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Minnect and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Minnect takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Minnect uses cookies to help Minnect identify and track visitors, their usage of Minnect website, and their website access preferences. Minnect visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Minnect’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Minnect’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Minnect, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Minnect goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Minnect may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Minnect and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Minnect may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Minnect’s sole discretion. Minnect encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Minnect.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Leaderboard
Become an Expert
Book a Podcast
Press
FAQ