Personal Homepage >
Privacy Policy
osaio
Privacy Policy
Osaio (hereinafter referred to as "this product") is a smart device
        product and service developed, operated and managed by AFAR PTE.LTD
        and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (hereinafter referred to as
        "AFAR" or "we" or "our") , Our registered address is 1 SOON LEE STREET
        #04-26 PIONEER CENTRE SINGAPORE (627605), we specialize in providing
        mobile applications to connect and control various home and
        residential building smart devices and systems. We fully respect and
        protect the personal privacy of users. While providing you with
        quality services, we will collect, use, disclose, transmit, store and
        protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy
        policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"). We hope that
        through this policy, we will introduce to you how we handle your
        personal information and provide you with ways to access and control
        your personal information.
This Policy will help you understand the following:
I.How we collect and use your personal information
II.How we use cookies and similar technologies
III.How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
IV.How we store and protect your personal information
V.Your rights to your personal information
VI.How we process children’s personal information
VII.Third-party service providers and their services
VIII. How we transfer your personal information globally
IX.How we update this Policy
X.CCPA special notice
For the purposes of this Policy, "personal information" refers to
        means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is
        reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
        linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or
        household.
Please read this Policy carefully before using this Product and
        submitting your personal information, so as to understand our
        practices with respect to customer privacy. If you have any questions
        about this Policy, or have any complaints or suggestions, please
        contact us at the contact information disclosed in this Policy.
I.How we collect and use your personal information
we collects information in order to operate more efficiently and
        provide you with better product experience. The personal information
        is collected from (1) your direct provision of personal information,
        (2) data we record about how you interact with our products, and (3)
        third parties which we obtain your personal information indirectly.
The information we collect depends on the environment in which you
        interact with we, the choices you make, including your privacy
        settings, and the products and features you use.
1.Personal information we collect
1.Personal information directly provided by you
Some of our services will need you to provide us with your information
        directly:
-When you are in the process of registering an account, you need to
        provide your user nickname, email address, regional information to
        complete the account registration
-If you make an after-sale or warranty request, you will need to
        provide product order information, your contact information, address,
        email address, mobile phone number, so that we may respond to your
        request.
-In the process of direct login or when you authorize a third-party
        account to log in, you need to provide your email address, regional
        information, mobile phone model, and mobile phone system language to
        complete the login function.
2.Data we record about how you interact with our products
In addition to the information you provide directly, we may also
        collect information about your use of our services through your
        equipment and other means, in order to analyze the status of your use
        of our products. For example, we may collect:
-Device information, including information about the attributes of
        your device, for example, your mobile phone’s model number, operating
        system version, device screen size, unique device identifier,
        international mobile device ID (IMEI) number, network device hardware
        address (MAC address); device location information, for example,
        location information obtained via GPS, Bluetooth or WIFI signals, and
        other device information such as type of browser, carriers, device
        language, device time zone, device application list, unique
        application number(s), phone push code, phone brand.
-Log information and operation log information, including your use of
        our products or services, and operations logs of your use of various
        functions of the products, such as registration time, recent logon
        time, exit time, time and number of device addition, video viewing,
        recording, photo taking, intercom, mute, use of timing function,
        request times of verification code, records of downloading of
        videos/photos, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address, information
        about the mobile applications and software downloaded, installed or
        used, crash information.
-Location information. When you turn on your smart device location
        function and use our location-based services, we may collect and
        process information about your actual location, so that you will be
        able to access services without manually entering your own geographic
        coordinates. We use various technologies to determine your location,
        including IP addresses, GPS and other sensors that can provide
        relevant information (such as information about nearby devices, Wi-Fi
        access points and base stations).
-Environmental Information Captured by the Camera: When you purchase and set up cameras integrated with doorbells, door locks, or smart surveillance cameras, and use them within the App, the camera will first automatically encrypt and transmit the captured surveillance footage to the App's live streaming interface. Should an SD card be inserted into your camera, these images will also be saved onto the device's SD card. If you have proactively purchased a cloud storage subscription service, the device will upload the captured images or videos to the cloud for storage, strictly adhering to the personal information storage and protection measures outlined in the subsequent sections of this document.
-Voice information: the voice information that you produce when you
        use remote conversation functions, voice information of other
        individuals having remote conversations with you via our smart device
        and voice information that you produce when you use the smart voice
        control function.
Please be noted that due to your use of the Product, the Product may
        collect information containing others’ personal information, including
        other persons’ facial and voice information, which will be depended on
        your use of the Product under certain circumstances. Please obtain the
        consent of such persons in advance when you use the Product and
        reasonably expect that such other persons’ information will be
        collected.
-Bluetooth information:When you use with Bluetooth device connection,
        this product uses cell phone Bluetooth to search and connect the
        device.
3.We obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party
--Osaio has established business partnerships with various product
        partners that manufacture osaio-compatible smart devices. Osaio's
        mobile application controls and manages these smart devices.
        Therefore, they cooperate with osaio. Specifically, osaio manages
        online accounts or mobile applications, allowing users to view and
        manage personal information collected from smart devices of product
        partners. Product partners have arranged for osaio to collect and
        maintain such personal information, and users can use the osaio mobile
        application to view and manage personal information from their mobile
        devices.
-When you log on the Product using a third party account, we shall,
        based on your authorization, obtain your nickname, mobile phone
        number, email address, gender, photo, birth date, domicile, age,
        current city where you are located and personal statements you
        provided to the third party platform.
--Although osaio’s mobile application allows users to purchase
        products, when you purchase products listed on osaio on a third-party
        e-commerce platform, we obtain information from third-party e-commerce
        platforms and payment service providers. Platform user nickname, order
        number, mailing address, payment amount, payment time information. But
        you know that osaio also cooperates with retailers all over the world.
        If you purchase the products listed on osaio through our cooperative
        retailers, they have their own privacy policies. For questions about
        managing your personal information, please refer to the retailer’s
        privacy policy.
Please note that in the specific circumstances disclosed above,
        certain personal information about you may be received and stored by
        third party service providers working with us. We will use
        commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such third parties do
        not use this information for any other purpose.
How do we use your personal information
When we fulfill our obligations to you under the user agreement and/or
        terms of Service, or our bound legal obligations, or we think it is
        necessary to protect the legitimate interests of us or any third party
        through evaluation, we will process your personal information for the
        purposes described in this Policy with your consent.
We will use your personal information in strict accordance with this
        Policy and its updated versions. Your personal information is only
        used for the purposes explicitly stated upon collection and to the
        extent you agreed. Any use for other purposes shall be subject to your
        prior consent.
The relevant scenarios of use of your personal information are as
        follows:
1.To provide you with the functions or features of our products and
        services:
-We will create an account for you using the user name, email address
        provided by you, or information about your account on a third party
        platform that we obtain from such third party platform.
-In order to provide you with video surveillance, video/picture
        capture, live video, video storage, video download, remote
        conversation functions, our smart device will take videos and provide
        you with video content, or transmit sounds/voices in real time based
        on the way you operate the Product. We take or record such video and
        sound/voice information only for the purpose of performing the
        relevant functions of the smart device. Without the consent of you or
        any other relevant persons, we will not access or process such
        information, nor use such information to recognize the identity of you
        or any other person, or use such information for any other purposes.
-This product is equipped with Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant voice
        services, when you enable intelligent voice services, third-party
        intelligent voice service providers will collect and process your
        voice information based on your operation, so that our smart devices
        can respond to your voice commands. We do not collect, access, or
        process this voice information in any way.
-This product provides automatic wifi name acquisition, which requires
        location access to obtain the name of the wifi to which the phone is
        connected.
-This product provides avatar setting function and scanning QR code
        function, which requires device camera permission to take photos.
-This product provides the function of saving to the cell phone album,
        which requires the device cell phone album read/write permission to
        save and read photo and video files.
-This product provides intercom functions for cell phones and security
        equipment, requiring equipment microphone privileges to collect and
        transmit data.
2.To maintain, improve or enhance the performance of products or
        services: we use your personal information to maintain the normal
        operation of products or services, to troubleshoot products or
        services, to improve the security performance of products or services,
        and to update the function of products or services, etc.
3.To send you selected products: when you purchase our products or
        services through online sales channels, we will use the address and
        contact information provided by you to contact you and deliver the
        products to you.
4.To provide after-sale service or warranty service: when you make a
        request for after-sale service or extension of the warranty, we will
        need you to provide the order and the product information for
        verification, and to provide your specific contact information so that
        we may contact you in time.
5.Information subscription and push: we will send information and
        notices to you, including but not limited to verification code
        necessary to ensure the completion of a service, push notices
        necessary for using our products or services, news about our products
        or services, product marketing campaigns and promotions, product or
        service surveys or other content that may be of interest to you. If
        you do not wish to continue receiving the information above, you may
        opt out in accordance with the method provided in the information we
        send to you.
6.Statistical analysis of product use: in order to understand the use
        of various functions of our products and services, we may conduct
        statistics and analyze our users' use of our products or services.
7.To protect the security of your account and our products or
        services: we may comprehensively analyze the information we collect
        and determine the security of your account and trading risks based on
        your using habit, carry out identity verification, detection and
        prevention of security incidents, and take necessary recording,
        auditing, analysis and handling measures according to the law to
        better prevent security risks such as website phishing, fraud, network
        loopholes, computer virus, network attack, network intrusion and other
        security risks and to more accurately identify actions in violation of
        laws and regulations or the relevant product or service agreements to
        protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users and
        us.
8.To respond to law enforcement requests as required by applicable
        laws, court orders or government regulations.
If we intend to use the information for other purposes not specified
        in this Policy, we will seek your consent in advance. We will also
        seek your prior consent when we use information collected for a
        specific purpose for other purposes. We will not provide personal
        information and behavioral data of users to third parties without
        their consent.
We may also provide additional information about our personal
        information practices through product notes, supplementary privacy
        statements, or notices before or during data collection. Some of our
        websites or features may have a separate privacy statement that
        specifically describes how these websites or features process personal
        information. If there is a conflict between the notice or the privacy
        statement of a specific website or feature provided at the time of
        collecting information and this Policy, the specific notice or
        supplementary privacy statement will prevail.
II.How we use cookies and similar technologies
1.Cookie
1.What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file that our application or service transfers and
        stores on your device. The Product may use cookie technology. Cookies
        may be stored on your device for a shorter or longer period of time,
        or even years. Except for using cookies set by the browsers, we don't
        set any cookies in websites, applications or services.
2.Cookies we use
we uses cookies or similar tracking technologies to better understand
        how often you use the product, what happens within the product,
        cumulative usage, performance data, and overall audience profile of
        the user group so that we can analyze trends, manage websites, and
        track user behavior on the site.
3.Clear/Disable cookies
Managing cookies and cookie preferences must be done within the
        settings/preferences in your browsers. Here are some guidelines on how
        to do this in commonly used browser software:
·Microsoft Internet Explorer
·Microsoft Edge
·Mozilla Firefox
·Google Chrome
·Safari for macOS
·Safari for iOS
4.More about cookies
For more information about cookies and instructions on how to set up
        your browser to accept, remove, or disable cookies, see
        www.allaboutcookies.org.
2.Beacons and pixel labels
In addition to cookies, we will use similar technologies on our
        websites such as beacons and pixel labels. For example, we may send
        you an email that contains a click URL that links to the content of
        our website. If you click on the link, we will track the click to help
        us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer
        service.
A beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a website or
        email. With pixel labels in an email, we may identify whether the
        email is open. If you do not want your activity to be tracked in this
        way, you may opt out of our mailing list at any time.
3.Do Not Track
Many web browsers have the Do Not Track feature that allows you to
        send Do Not Track requests to websites. Currently, major Internet
        standards organizations have no policy in place to govern how websites
        should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled the
        Do Not Track feature, all our sites will respect your choices.
III.How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
1.we may share some personal information with third parties from time
        to time. Your personal information will not be shared with third
        parties for their own marketing or business purposes.
2.Only for the purposes stated in this Policy, some of our services
        will be provided with the assistance of authorized partners. We may
        share some of your personal information with our partners to provide
        better customer services and user experiences. We will share your
        personal information only for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific,
        and explicit purposes, and will only share personal information
        necessary for provision of our services. Our partners are not allowed
        to use shared personal information for any other purpose.
Our authorized partners include the following types:
（1）Technical Service Providers: we work with third-party technical
        service providers who will provide technical support for specific
        features of our products or services to you, as well as back-office
        support for our smart devices. In this sense, third-party technical
        service providers may need to obtain your user name, email address,
        log and operations, and location information.
（2）Smart Voice Service Provider: This product is equipped with
        Google and Amazon Smart Voice Services. When you enable Smart Voice
        Services, third-party Smart Voice Service Providers will collect and
        process your voice information based on your actions so that our smart
        devices can respond to your voice commands. We do not collect, access
        or process this voice information in any way. If you would like to
        know how third-party smart voice service providers collect and process
        your personal data, please visit Google Assistant
Privacy Agreement at
        https://developers.google.com/assistant/console/policies/privacy-policy-guide?authuser=1,
        Alexa Privacy Agreement at https://www.amazon.
        com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496&pop-up=1.
（3）Cloud Service Providers: we engage third-party cloud storage
        service providers, so as to provide you with video and audio content
        storage services. Please be noted that without your prior consent,
        neither we nor any of our third-party service providers will access,
        process or use such information, or to use such information to
        recognize the identity of you or other persons or for any other
        purpose.
（4）Advertising Service Providers: in order to promote our marketing
        information to you, we may share your email address to third-party
        advertising service providers, so that they may push marketing
        information that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to
        continue receiving such information, you may opt out in accordance
        with the methods disclosed within such information;
（5）Message Push Service Providers: We share your email information
        and device push codes with third party message push service providers
        to push product or service related information or notifications to you
        on our behalf.
（6）User data analysis: We may use a third-party analysis service
        provider (Google Analytics) to analyze your data. Therefore, during
        your use of this product, the provider may obtain your [Used
        functions, Information such as the result of the performed operation,
        the time, frequency and duration of its online activities, and crash
        log] will be stored in the third-party server. We will obtain data
        analysis reports based on the above information from the supplier to
        optimize the performance of our products and provide you with services
        more in line with your needs. These third-party services and functions
        may operate independently of us. The privacy practices of relevant
        third parties, including detailed information about the information
        they may collect about you, are governed by the privacy statements of
        these third parties. We strongly recommend that you carefully read
        these statements on the third party's official website.
3.If the transfer of personal information is involved in a merger,
        acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, we will require the new company
        or organization that hold your personal information to continue to be
        bound by this Policy; otherwise, otherwise, additional authorization
        and consent will be obtained from you by said company or organization.
4.We sign stringent confidentiality agreements with companies,
        organizations and individuals to which we share your personal
        information and require them to use personal information in strict
        accordance with the purposes set forth in this Policy, and take
        relevant confidentiality and security measures to process personal
        information.
5.We will comply with relevant laws and regulations and keep your
        personal information confidential. We will not disclose your personal
        information to a public extent we obtain your prior explicit consent
        or authorization or as required by law. We will only disclose your
        personal information to the public where the disclosure are required
        by law, or when we need to comply with a subpoena or other legal
        process, lawsuit, or when we are mandatorily requested by a government
        authority. We may disclose your personal information to the public if
        we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to protect
        our rights, the security of you or other persons, investigate fraud or
        respond to a government request.
IV.How we store and protect your personal information
1.The personal information we collect will be retained for the minimum
        period necessary to achieve the purpose of collection stated in this
        Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law. We will
        delete or anonymize your personal information when the aforementioned
        retention period expires. For example, we will continuously retain
        your personal information during the period you register and use our
        products or services. If you cancel your account, we will delete or
        anonymize your personal information once you have finished account
        cancellation, unless otherwise required by laws and regulations.
2.If we cease to operate some or all of our products or services for
        special reasons, we will promptly notify you and cease the collection
        and processing of personal information of the related products or
        services, and delete or anonymize personal information in our
        possession in relation to that products or services, unless otherwise
        required by laws and regulations.
3.We take reasonable and practical management and technical measures
        to protect the information we collect which relates to our products or
        services. Please note, however, that, although we take reasonable
        steps to protect your information, no website, internet transport,
        computer system or wireless connection is absolutely secure.
4.We have used security measures which are in compliance with industry
        standard to protect the personal information of you against
        unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, or damage
        or loss of data. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to
        protect your personal information, including:
1.At present, we have taken measures to ensure the security of data
        transmission and storage, such as encrypting the data itself or
        encrypting the documents, and we have adopted strict management
        measures and access restrictions for our servers, which can only be
        accessed in our LAN environment.
2.We have set up authority allocation for internal data access and
        data export within the company, and we only allow the employees
        necessary to know the personal information for purpose of processing
        such information to access such personal information. Where
        high-sensitivity information such as user privacy is involved, the
        relevant personal information may be accessed only upon the approval
        of superior managers;
3.The security of your information is very important to us. Therefore,
        we will continue to ensure the security of your personal information,
        and implement security measures such as encryption throughout the
        storage and transmission process to prevent your information from
        being accessed, used or disclosed without authorization. Meanwhile,
        the details of some encrypted data are not accessible to anyone other
        than the user.
5.In the event of a personal information security incident, we will,
        in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly
        inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the incident,
        the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions
        that you can take on your own to guard against and mitigate the risks,
        and our remedial measures to you. We will inform you of the relevant
        information of the incident in a timely manner by email, letter,
        telephone, push notice or otherwise. When it is difficult to inform
        the subject of personal information one by one, we will take
        reasonable and effective means to issue announcements. At the same
        time, we will also follow the requirements of the regulatory
        authorities, and take the initiative to report the handling of
        personal information security incidents.
V.Your rights to your personal information
we respects your rights to your personal information. The following is
        a list of your rights under the law and how we will protect them.
        Please note that for security reasons, we may verify your identity
        before processing your request.
1.Right to know: se inform you of how we process your personal data by
        releasing the Policy. We are committed to ensuring the transparency in
        use of your information.
2.Right to access: you can directly inquire or access your personal
        information in our product or service interface. You can login your
        account at any time through the product or App page, to access your
        account related personal information, including basic information,
        operation records, audio and video information, etc.
You can query and access your personal information through the
        following channels: osaio personal information page, app feedback and
        sending customer service email (email address: app-support@osaio.net).
3.Right to rectification: you have the right to ask us to rectify or
        supplement any incorrect or incomplete processing of your personal
        data (if any). You can directly rectify and modify part of your
        personal data on the related function pages of products or services.
        Otherwise, you can contact us via the contact information disclosed
        herein to request the rectification or supplement of your personal
        data, provided that the self-modification channel is not provided. In
        such circumstances, we will process your request and give feedback in
        time according to the laws and regulations.
You can rectify your personal information through:
        app-support@osaio.net
4.Right to erasure/deletion: You can directly erase/delete your
        submitted information in the product interface under your account,
        such as email address, etc. You can contact us via the contact
        information disclosed herein to request the erasure/deletion of your
        personal information collected and used by us in violation of our
        agreement with you (if any), and we will deal with it in a timely
        manner according to the requirements of laws and regulations.
You can erase/delete your personal information by the following means:
        [app feedback and send customer service email (email address:
        app-support@osaio.net)
5.Right to restriction of processing: you have the right to ask us to
        restrict our processing of your personal information. This means that
        we can store your personal information, but cannot further process it.
        We only keep the data necessary for responding to your request in the
        future.
You can execute your right to restriction of processing by sending an
        email to: [email address: app-support@osaio.net
6.Right to data portability: you are entitled to obtaining your
        personal information in structured, commonly used and machine-readable
        formats to the extent permitted by laws and regulations. For example,
        if you decide to change to a new service provider, you can move, copy
        or transfer your personal information between our IT system and their
        IT system in a reliable, secure and easy way without affecting its
        use.
Upon providing formal authorization, you can exercise your right to
        data portability by sending an e-mail to: app-support@osaio.net
7.Right to object: Even if your data is processed for our legitimate
        interests, exercise of public authority, direct marketing (including
        data pooling), and statistical reasons, you have the right to deny
        creative processing of your personal information by apes.
You may decline your offer by sending an email to the following
        address(email address: app-support@osaio.net).
8.Right to withdraw consent: If you agreed to our processing of your
        personal information, but changed your mind later, you may withdraw
        your consent at any time, and we must stop processing your personal
        information. You can change the scope of your consent for us to
        continue to collect your personal information or withdraw your consent
        by deleting information, turning off device permission settings,
        changing related product or feature settings, cancelling your account,
        etc.
You may also submit your request to withdraw your consent by sending
        an email to:app-support@osaio.net.
If you do not want to accept our commercial advertising, you can
        cancel it at any time in the following way:
9.Right to refuse automated decision-making: you have the right not to
        be subject to decisions made by automated processing, including
        profiling. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate
        rights, you can refuse to automated decision-making by sending an
        e-mail to the following address(email address: app-support@osaio.net)
        and we will respond to your request and take appropriate measures if
        necessary.
10.Right to complaint: You are entitled to contacting us to make a
        complaint via the contact information disclosed herein, or make a
        complaint to the data protection agency in your country about our
        processing of your personal data.
We will respond to your request within 30 days from the date of
        receiving your request and communicate with you in an appropriate way.
        We may extend the aforementioned period (up to 30 days), if necessary,
        and inform you of the reasons for the extension within 30 days from
        the date of receiving your request. If we have reason to believe that
        there is no need to take any measures against your request, we will
        inform you of our decision within 30 days from the date of receiving
        your request and explain it accordingly. If you are not satisfied with
        the reply you received, you can also complain or report to the
        competent supervisory authority in jurisdiction, or bring a lawsuit to
        the judicial organ with jurisdiction.
VI.How we process children’s personal information
1.The Product is not intended for children under the age of 13. For
        such children, we will only process their information with the consent
        of the child's guardian to the extent legally permissible.
2.We will use our best efforts to verify that a child's personal
        information has been processed with the consent of our guardian. If we
        find that personal information has been collected on a child without
        first obtaining a verifiable guardian's prior consent, we will
        endeavor to delete relevant information as soon as possible.
3.Please note that while you use our product with a camera or a smart
        voice control product, our product, or the relevant smart voice
        service provider, will photograph or record certain content that may
        contain personal information about a child, including a child's facial
        information, voice information, etc., solely due to implementation of
        the product function. Although we will not access or process this
        information, we will remind you in a prominent way of what personal
        information about a child might be photographed or recorded by such
        function when you activate relevant feature and obtain the explicit
        consent of you, as the child's guardian, or prompt you for the child's
        verifiable guardian’s explicit consent.
VII.Third-party service providers and their services
1.Our websites, products, and services may contain links to
        third-party websites, products, and services. You may choose whether
        to visit third-party websites, products, and services.
2.We cannot control the privacy and data protection policies of third
        parties, and such third parties are not subject to this Policy. Before
        submitting your personal information to these third parties, please
        refer to their privacy policies.
VIII.How we transfer your personal information globally
1.In principle, your personal information will be stored within the
        United States.
2.As we provide products and services worldwide, for global business
        needs, your personal information (including the types of data we list
        in the 'How we collect and use your personal information' section) may
        be transferred to other jurisdictions outside the country/region where
        you use the Product, or may be accessed by users from these
        jurisdictions. These jurisdictions include, but are not limited to:
        Mainland China, Hong Kong, etc.
3.When your personal information is transferred to a country or region
        outside the United States, we will ensure that appropriate protective
        measures are taken to ensure the security of your personal
        information, including but not limited to encryption measures,
        requiring overseas recipients to provide security for your information
        by signing an agreement with them or take other means.
IX.How we update this Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this policy from time to
        time. We will send you a change notification via a message reminder in
        our app.
This policy allows adjustments, but without your express consent, we
        will not weaken your rights in accordance with this policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies or
        practices, please contact us at:
Address: 1 SOON LEE STREET #04-26 PIONEER CENTRE SINGAPORE (627605)
Email Address: app-support@osaio.net
X.CCPA special notice
Please refer to Appendix 1.
Appendix 1: California Consumer Privacy Act Special Notice
This Special Notice is intended as an additional provision to our
        osaio Privacy Policy (“the Policy”) and forms an integral part of the
        Policy applicable to residents of the State of California in the
        United States who visit and use our osaio (hereinafter referred to as
        "California residents" or "you").
This Special Notice will explain to you:
1.Categories of personal information we collect about you in the past
        12 months and its sources
2.Purpose of our collection of your personal information
3.Sharing of your personal information for business purpose in the
        past 12 months
4.No sale of personal information
5.Your rights under the CCPA
6.Non-discrimination
7.California Shine The Light Law
Please read this Special Notice carefully and understand our practices
        for protection of users’ personal information and privacy before using
        our products (or services) and provide personal information to us.
1.Categories of personal information we collect about you in the past
        12 months and its sources
You have the right to know what categories of personal information we
        collect about you and the specific purpose for which we collect it.
        The categories and sources of your personal information we collected
        in the past 12 months are as follows:
1.The personal information you provide to us, including:
-Identifiers, such as user name, e-mail address and contact address;
-Commercial information, such as order information for goods to be
        provided when you ask for after-sale or warranty service.
2.The personal information we collect about you in the course of your
        use of the Product, including:
-Identifiers, including information about the attributes of your
        device, for example, your mobile phone’s model number, operating
        system version, device screen size, unique device identifier,
        international mobile device ID (IMEI) number, network device hardware
        address (MAC address); device location information, for example,
        location information obtained via GPS, Bluetooth or WIFI signals, and
        other device information such as type of browser, carriers, device
        language, device time zone, device application list, unique
        application number(s), cell phone push code, cell phone brand.
-Internet or other electronic network activity information, including
        your use of our products or services, and operations logs of your use
        of various functions of the products, such as registration time,
        recent logon time, exit time, time and number of device addition,
        video viewing, recording, photo taking, intercom, mute, use of timing
        function, request times of verification code, records of downloading
        of videos/photos, and your IP address, information about the mobile
        applications and software downloaded, installed or used, crash
        information.
-Geolocation data. When you turn on your smart device location
        function and use our location-based services, we may collect and
        process information about your actual location, so that you will be
        able to access services without manually entering your own geographic
        coordinates. We use various technologies to determine your location,
        including IP addresses, GPS and other sensors that can provide
        relevant information (such as information about nearby devices, Wi-Fi
        access points and base stations).
-Information regarding the environment captured by the camera,
        including indoor layout, information about items on the ground,
        distribution of such items, indoor personnel and pets, etc. Due to
        your use of the Product in certain scenarios, such information may
        contain personal information of you or other persons, including
        personal facial information, etc.
-Biometric information, voice information: the voice information that
        you produce when you use remote conversation functions, voice
        information of other individuals having remote conversations with you
        via our smart device and voice information that you produce when you
        use the smart voice control function.
Please be noted that due to your use of the Product, the Product may
        collect information containing others’ personal information, including
        other persons’ facial and voice information, which will be depended on
        your use of the Product under certain circumstances. Please obtain the
        consent of such persons in advance when you use the Product and
        reasonably expect that such other persons’ information will be
        collected.
-Bluetooth information:When you use with Bluetooth device connection,
        this product uses cell phone Bluetooth to search and connect the
        device.
3.The personal information we obtained from third parties:
-When you log on the Product using a third party account, we shall,
        based on your authorization, obtain your nickname, mobile phone
        number, email address, gender, photo, birth date, domicile, age,
        current city where you are located and personal statements you
        provided to the third party platform.
-When you purchase our products on a third-party e-commerce platform
        (Amazon), we obtain information about your nickname on the platform,
        the order number, mailing address, payment amount and payment time
        from the third-party e-commerce platform and payment service provider.
2.Purpose of our collection of your personal information
We use the personal information we collect primarily for the following
        purposes:
1.To provide you with the function or features of our products or
        services:
-We will create an account for you using the user name, email address
        provided by you, or information about your account on a third party
        platform that we obtain from such third party platform.
-In order to provide you with video surveillance, video/picture
        capture, live video, video storage, video download, remote
        conversation functions, our smart device will take videos and provide
        you with video content, or transmit sounds/voices in real time based
        on the way you operate the Product. We take or record such video and
        sound/voice information only for the purpose of performing the
        relevant functions of the smart device. Without the consent of you or
        any other relevant persons, we will not access or process such
        information, nor use such information to recognize the identity of you
        or any other person, or use such information for any other purposes.
-This product is equipped with Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant voice
        services, when you enable intelligent voice services, third-party
        intelligent voice service providers will collect and process your
        voice information based on your operation, so that our smart devices
        can respond to your voice commands. We do not collect, access, or
        process this voice information in any way.
-This product provides automatic wifi name acquisition, which requires
        location access to obtain the name of the wifi to which the phone is
        connected.
-This product provides avatar setting function and scanning QR code
        function, which requires device camera permission to take photos.
-This product provides the function of saving to the cell phone album,
        which requires the device cell phone album read/write permission to
        save and read photo and video files.
-This product provides intercom functions for cell phones and security
        equipment, requiring equipment microphone privileges to collect and
        transmit data.
2.To maintain, improve or enhance the performance of products or
        services: we use your personal information to maintain the normal
        operation of products or services, to troubleshoot products or
        services, to improve the security performance of products or services,
        and to update the function of products or services, etc.
3.To send you selected products: when you purchase our products or
        services through online sales channels, we will use the address and
        contact information provided by you to contact you and deliver the
        products to you.
4.To provide after-sale service or warranty service: when you make a
        request for after-sale service or extension of the warranty, we will
        need you to provide the order and the product information for
        verification, and to provide your specific contact information so that
        we may contact you in time.
5.Information subscription and push: we will send information and
        notices to you, including but not limited to verification code
        necessary to ensure the completion of a service, push notices
        necessary for using our products or services, news about our products
        or services, product marketing campaigns and promotions, product or
        service surveys or other content that may be of interest to you. If
        you do not wish to continue receiving the information above, you may
        opt out in accordance with the method provided in the information we
        send to you.
6.Statistical analysis of product use: in order to understand the use
        of various functions of our products and services, we may conduct
        statistics and analyze our users' use of our products or services.
7.To protect the security of your account and our products or
        services: we may comprehensively analyze the information we collect
        and determine the security of your account and trading risks based on
        your using habit, carry out identity verification, detection and
        prevention of security incidents, and take necessary recording,
        auditing, analysis and handling measures according to the law to
        better prevent security risks such as website phishing, fraud, network
        loopholes, computer virus, network attack, network intrusion and other
        security risks and to more accurately identify actions in violation of
        laws and regulations or the relevant product or service agreements to
        protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users and
        us.
8.To respond to law enforcement requests as required by applicable
        laws, court orders or government regulations.
We will not collect categories of personal information other than the
        information disclosed in this Special Notice without your consent, nor
        will we use the personal information collected by us for any purposes
        irrelevant to the abovementioned purposes.
3.Sharing of your personal information for business purpose in the
        past 12 months
You have the right to know if your personal information is being
        shared with any third parties. We may disclose your personal
        information to third parties for business purposes. We will sign
        agreements with such third parties in achieving those business
        purposes, requiring such third parties to perform obligations of
        confidentiality in relation to the personal information that we
        disclose to them, and not to use the personal information for any
        purpose other than the fulfillment of the agreements.
The details regarding your personal information that we have shared
        over the past 12 months are as follows:
1.Identifiers:
-We share your email address with third party advertising service
        providers in order for them to provide us with the online marketing
        service.
-We share your email information and device push codes with third
        party push service providers to push product or service related
        information or notifications to you on our behalf.
2.Information regarding the environment captured by the camera:
-We engage third-party cloud storage service providers in order to
        provide you with storage services for video and audio content. Please
        be noted that without your prior consent, neither we nor any of our
        third-party service providers will access, process or use such
        information, or to use such information to recognize the identity of
        you or other persons or for any other purpose.
3.Voice information:
-As mentioned above, when you enable the Smart Voice Control service,
        Google and Amazon voice service providers collect and process your
        voice information directly based on your actions. We do not collect,
        access or process this voice information in any way. If you would like
        to know how third-party intelligent voice service providers receive
        and process your personal information, please visit Google Assistant
Privacy Policy at
        https://developers.google.com/assistant/console/policies/privacy-policy-guide?authuser=1,
        Alexa Privacy Policy at https://www.amazon.
        com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496&pop-up=1.
4.In addition, we work with third-party technical service providers
        who will provide technical support for specific features of our
        products or services to you, as well as back-office support for our
        smart devices. In this sense, the third-party technical service
        providers may need to obtain identifiers of you, Internet or other
        electronic network activity information, and your geolocation
        information, etc.
4.No sale of personal information
You have the right to know whether your personal information has been
        sold. As defined in the CCPA, “sell,” “selling,” “sale,” or “sold”
        means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making
        available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in
        writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal
        information by the business to another business or a third party for
        monetary or other valuable consideration.
We do not sell personal information, and therefore we have not sold
        any personal information about you in the past 12 months.
5.Your rights under the CCPA
1.Your rights
In accordance with the CCPA, you have the following rights:
-Right to know/access: knowing the collection and usage of your
        personal information in the past 12 months.
-Right to portability: obtaining a copy of your personal information.
-Right to request deletion: deleting your personal information.
-Right to opt-out of the sale of personal information: we do not
        provide opt-out mechanism as we do not sell your personal information.
2.Approach for exercising your rights
You can exercise your rights in the following way. We will give
        response to your request as per CCPA once we receive, verify and
        confirm your request:
-email address: app-support@osaio.net
3.Exercising your rights
It should be noted that only you or a person registered with the
        California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf
        may make a verifiable request related to your personal information.
        You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your
        minor child.
It should be noted that according to the CCPA, we are not obligated to
        respond to request for access or data portability of the same consumer
        more than twice in a 12-month period.
We may deny your deletion request if it is necessary for us or our
        service providers to retain your information based on the following
        circumstances:
-Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal
        information, comply with written warranties or product recalls under
        federal law, provide the products or services you requested or
        reasonably anticipated from our ongoing business relationship with
        you, or perform a contract between us and you.
-Detect security incidents, guard against malicious, deceptive,
        fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for
        such activities.
-Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing
        intended functionality.
-Exercise freedom of expression, guarantee the right of another
        consumer to exercise that consumer's right to freedom of expression,
        or exercise another right provided for by law.
-Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act
        (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
-If you’ve provided the informed consent form for using your personal
        information for public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical or
        statistical research for the sake of public interest in accordance
        with all other applicable ethics and privacy laws; however, the
        deletion of the said information may result in failure or serious
        damage to the results of such research.
-To allow internal use only based on our relationship with you,
        provided that such internal use is reasonably consistent with your
        expectation.
-To comply with obligations prescribed by law.
-To use your personal information internally in a legal way compatible
        with the environment in which you provide the information.
4.Response to your request
We may need to verify your identity and the authenticity of your
        request before responding to your request. Verifiable consumer
        requests should:
-Provide sufficient information to enable us to reasonably verify that
        you are the person whose personal information is collected or you are
        an authorized representative of such person.
-Describe your request in detail so that we can understand, evaluate,
        and respond to it correctly.
We are unable to respond to your request or provide you with the
        personal information if we cannot verify your identity or
        authorization, and confirm that the personal information is related to
        you.
We will respond to your verifiable request within 45 days upon receipt
        or a longer period (up to 90 days) if necessary. In the latter case,
        we will notify you in writing with specific reasons and the extension
        period stated. We will give a written reply to your registered account
        if you are a registered user, or the written reply will be given by
        email or electronic means as you chose.
The feedback information we provide will only cover 12 months before
        the verifiable request is received. If we decide to refuse your
        request, we’ll explain the corresponding reason(s) in our replay. For
        your request for the right to portability, we will provide the
        personal information in an easy-to-use format and in a way allowing
        you to transfer the said information from one entity to another
        easily.
We will not charge any fee for processing or responding to your
        request unless your request is excessive or repetitive. If we confirm
        that the relevant fee will be charged in response to your request, we
        will inform you of the reasons and provide you with a cost estimate
        before replying to your request.
6.Non-discrimination
We will not discriminate against you because you exercise the rights
        granted by the CCPA. Unless otherwise stipulated by the CCPA, we will
        not:
1.Refuse to provide you with products or services;
2.Charge you different prices or fees for goods or services;
3.Provide goods or services of different levels or quality;
4.Take other discriminatory measures.
However, if we provide some financial incentives permitted by the
        CCPA, such incentives may result in different prices, discounts or
        quality levels. Any incentive we offer will be reasonably related to
        the value of your personal information to be collected. Where we offer
        these financial incentives, your participation is optional. If you
        choose to participate, your participation will be subject to relevant
        applicable terms, and you may withdraw at any time.
7.California Shine The Light Law
We will not disclose your personal information to any third parties
        for their direct marketing of products or services to you.