Privacy Policy for Hidden Folks+
Your privacy is important to me (Adriaan de Jongh) and I respect the privacy rights of every customer that interacts with me or my game, Hidden Folks+ on Apple Arcade. The Privacy Policy explains how I collect, store, and use any information you may provide me with. Let me know if you have any questions by emailing me at the email address described on my website:
adriaan.games
.
1. Application
This Privacy Policy describes how I, Adriaan de Jongh, a registered Dutch sole proprietor (KvK 62431323), collect, use and disclose information, along with what choices you have with respect to that information. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you access my game Hidden Folks+ on Apple Arcade, or interact with me via email or my websites –
https://adriaan.games
and
https://hiddenfolks.com
– henceforth collectively referred to as my Services. By using any of my Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access or use my Services.
2. What information I collect and how/why I use it
Personally-identifiable information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline. Where possible, I minimize any personal information collected when you use my Services and do not collect any through or about the usage of my game, Hidden Folks+ on Apple Arcade.
The information I do collect is used for the following purposes:
To provide, update, maintain and protect my Services;
to respond to your comments and questions and communicate with you;
for account management and other administrative matters;
to prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses;
and to protect my rights or my property.
In-game on Apple Arcade
While I do not collect personal information through my game Hidden Folks+, what follows is a description of how non-identifiable information is collected. When you play Hidden Folks+, gameplay data such as preferences and save files for in-progress games, is stored in your iCloud account storage to sync your game progress across devices. If you are signed in to Game Center on your Apple device, Apple will receive your gameplay activity, including scores and achievements. I do not receive or store this data on my servers, and I do not send this information to any external servers outside of Apple or keep a record of it anywhere outside of your local device and iCloud (if you have syncing enabled). This information is only stored on your local device, and in your iCloud account if you have iCloud enabled.
Customer Support
When contacting me directly for support, I may collect personal information that you provide when submitting a support request, including information such as your contact information, device type, operating system, and preferred language (called ‘Device Specifications’). This information will be provided by you directly via email or my other support channels, and will be used for the purposes of resolving the support request.
Customer support can be accessed from my website Support page found here:
https://hiddenfolks.com/support
3. What information I disclose to third parties
I do not share or sell any of your personal or non-personal information with third parties unless compelled to do so by law.
4. How I protect and store your information
I take the storage of your information seriously and therefore have implemented technical and administrative security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. I regularly review my security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite my best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Any information that is collected through the use of my game Hidden Folks+ on Apple Arcade is permanently deleted after no more than 180 calendar days have lapsed since an Apple Arcade subscriber last launched Hidden Folks+.
5. How to decline or withdraw your permission for data
For any information stored on your local device or iCloud you can delete it using the in-game ‘clear save data’ option in the game’s settings menu. In addition, deleting the game from your device will remove the local copies of the save data.
For any information collected and stored by me as part of my support process, you can contact me at the email address described on my website to request that your information be deleted:
adriaan.games
.
6. My policy regarding children
I recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to information I may collect from children using my Services. I do not collect any personal information from children that access my game Hidden Folks+ on Apple Arcade. Any non-identifiable gameplay information I collect (detailed in section 2) qualifies as “legitimate interest” under GDPR, and is “to support internal operations of the game” under COPPA. Remote storage of any data can be prevented by removing a child account’s access to iCloud through Apple’s Parental Controls.
If a child under the age of 13 contacts me directly for customer support, I take additional steps to protect their privacy, including:
Requesting their legal guardians consent for the collection of personal information from the child for the purposes of the customer support request.
Limiting my collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to resolve the support request.
If you wish to review or change the information I have about your children, you can email me at the email address described on my website:
adriaan.games
.
7. How to contact me
If you have any questions regarding my Privacy Policy and/or practices, please feel free to contact me by sending an email to the email address described on my website:
adriaan.games
.
The legal name of my company is also Adriaan de Jongh. I am a registered Dutch sole proprietor under the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with number 62431323. I have not listed my home address here for my own privacy reasons, but this information can be requested through the Dutch Chamber of Commerce if necessary.
8. What your data subject rights are
As per the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) set forth in May 2018 any customer interacting with my Services has the “right to be forgotten.” At any point in time you can request access, correct or delete any personal data that has been collected and stored.
If you have contacted me directly for support purposes or accessed any of my Services then you may contact me regarding your information by emailing me at the email address described on my website:
adriaan.games
.
For any information stored on your local device or iCloud you can delete it using the in-game ‘clear save data’ option in the game’s settings menu. In addition, deleting the game from your device will remove the local copies of the save data.