About Toolbox and Privacy
Protecting the privacy and security of your data is the top priority for everyone at Jumsoft. We feel it is our key responsibility to keep your data private and only available to you and the people your trust.
Toolbox applications do not rely on user input to provide their core functionality, so they do not collect any data, nor any personally identifiable information related to the downloads, purchases, and/or subscriptions of any of the Toolbox applications. All data collected by Jumsoft are anonymous device, account identifiers, and in-app search terms essential for providing you access to or improving your purchased services.
Toolbox for Google Docs, due to its specificity, requires the user to grant a Google Drive API permission to “see, edit, create, and delete only the specific Google Drive files you use with this app”. This is necessary to allow Toolbox for Google Docs to send the user’s selected files directly into Google Drive for them to be automatically opened for editing in Google Docs. Toolbox for Google Docs does not read or otherwise access the user’s Google Drive contents in ways that are not described in this privacy policy. This permission can always be revoked in the user’s Google Account settings.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
Any data we collect is strictly for improving products, user experience, and ensuring proper functionality of our products. By providing your information you agree to our collection and use of your provided information in accordance with our privacy policy.
Using our products and services results in generating a variety of aggregated non-personally identifiable information, such as device model and software versions, and statistics of purchases or subscriptions. This information is not shared with third parties.
Entering your email address within Jumsoft applications or in appropriate forms in Jumsoft website will be used to provide product and marketing information in the form of newsletters. Every newsletter contains links to unsubscribe, which also deletes the email address from our database. Email addresses are not shared with third parties.
Emailing Jumsoft in form of regular messages or support requests means that your email address will be used to respond to your messages or requests, and to track previous communication with Jumsoft to provide context to any repeated contacts with us. Email addresses and message contents are not shared with third parties.
Opting in to receive notifications within Jumsoft applications provides the device’s Unique Identifier to Amazon, who provide push notification services to our products. Jumsoft do not collect/use/share this information.
Jumsoft website uses Google Analytics to better understand users’ behavior in the website to improve and optimize its presentation. The collected information may include: device model, software version, country, pages visited in Jumsoft website. Jumsoft do not share this information with third parties.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
.
CONTACT US
In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Product or to receive further information regarding use of the Product, please contact us at:
Jumsoft, UAB
Ulonu g. 3 – 125, 08240 Vilnius, Lithuania
info@jumsoft.com
Last updated: June 3, 2021
We use cookies to ensure the best experience for you on our website. If you continue using this website, you confirm that you have read and agree with our
privacy policy
.
Accept