Bloons TD 6+ Privacy Policy
Bloons TD 6+ Privacy Policy
Updated January 22, 2022
Ninja Kiwi is committed to making our games both fun and safe to use, and we are committed to international best practices regarding the collection and minimal use of both anonymous and personally identifiable information (PII), in ways that are fully compliant with international standards such as GDPR, COPPA, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and others.
Our Privacy Policy for the game Bloons TD 6+ is extremely streamlined, child-safe, and PII-safe. Bloons TD 6+ only uses Game Center for player name login, as covered by Apple’s privacy policy, and players not logged into Game Center will use game-generated safe names. Bloons TD 6+ contains no Ninja Kiwi or 3rd party login functions, no chat functions, no text entry, and no 3rd party or other systems that allow the player to transmit to Ninja Kiwi any personally identifiable information. Going further, there are no advertising systems that collect, transmit, or store any player behavior or advertising identifiers. Because of this conservative privacy approach, there is no difference in data handling between child-age accounts and older-age accounts.
Bloons TD 6+ does contain optional multiplayer play, which is conducted via Ninja Kiwi managed relay servers, which pass Game Center names and safe names as well as IP information only for transfer of each player’s game state. IP information is PII, but this information is only used for gameplay and is never stored. In the the specific case of Race Leaderboards and Ranked Boss Leaderboards, score analytics are collected for the sole purpose of legitimating leaderboard scores but they are immediately validated and then deleted, and these analytics are never stored. Any access to non-identifiable information via GameKit, Game Center, and Ninja Kiwi managed server relays occurs in the legitimate interests of providing multiplayer play and in order to provide support for the internal operations of the multiplayer play. Parents, guardians, and players may disable multiplayer play, which will prevent access to co-op play and co-op boss events. To do this on iOS and iPadOS, go to Settings > Screen Time > Content & Privacy Restrictions > Content Restrictions. On this screen, you can set “Multiplayer Games” to “Don’t Allow.”
Bloons TD 6+ does contain player generated content in the Content Browser. Most of the challenges and all of the Odysseys in the Content Browser are single player. There is no text entry, all content is given safe names, and only Game Center player names appear to other Game Center players; all other players are given safe names. Despite the text-safe and majority single player content, there are co-op challenges and we take a conservative approach to any player generated content, so the Content Browser is controlled by Game Center multiplayer access and will not appear if multiplayer restrictions are on.
If players contact Ninja Kiwi support via support@ninjakiwi.com for an issue with Bloons TD 6+, we do record the contact email so that we can reply to the support ticket when resolved. For any Bloons TD 6+ support tickets, any and all player information (email, browser information, and/or player id) is deleted once the ticket is closed.
Feel free to contact us about any questions regarding Ninja Kiwi, Bloons TD 6+, or our policies at
privacy@ninjakiwi.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ninjakiwi.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy