P
r
i
v
a
c
y
P
o
l
i
c
y
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE SUMMARY
We respect your right to privacy and treat the personal data you give to us with care and we act according to the European Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) for the protection of the personal data and the Greek Legislation. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, share, store or otherwise process the information we hold about you. We are committed to ensuring the personal data you provide is used for the purpose it was collected and is kept secure.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Notice carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us. By accepting this Privacy Notice you are informed and you provide your free, informed, specific and unambiguous consent for the personal data you provide on the website at
https://www.atriumhotels.gr/
Your personal information allows us to provide the products and services you have asked for, as well as enabling us to improve those products and services by understanding your interests and preferences.
Please note that Atrium Hotels is the Data Controller of your personal data. PRESIDENTIAL and AITHRION PALACE, (Greece) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us”) is the data controller when you provide information to any of our brands, including: Atrium Platinum, Atrium Palace and Atrium Prestige.
The principles set out in this Privacy Notice apply to all instances in which Atrium Hotels receives your personal data as a Data Controller for the purposes described in this notice. Those purposes are processing of data in order to participate in the various activities available on this website or as mentioned below.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Notice for information on how to contact us.
What information do we collect?
Atrium Hotels is the only Data controller of these data. The term
“personal information or personal data”
in this Policy refers to information that identifies or is capable of identifying you as an individual.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose personal information collected by us to third parties in the ordinary course of business. The use of information collected through our website shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which you have engaged us.
When you interact with our products and services, for example when browsing our website or booking a hotel room οr you filling in any contact form, we collect information about you and that particular interaction.
Generally, the types of personal data that we process may include:
1. Data provided by users for
making reservations, both through our website, the call center, the contact form on our website and emails for room bookings and combined packages (airline tickets and room bookings):
name, surname,
email address
credit card details (name/surname of the holder, card number, expiration data and security code)
arrival time and other requests
dietary and other requests
allergies
Data the user provides on a voluntary basis:
country
telephone number
company
address (name, number)
purpose of stay
city/location
state/region
postal code
comments
Data provided by users for
changing or cancelling their reservations:
name, surname
email address and/or telephone number.
credit card details (name/surname of the holder, card number, expiration data and security code)
Data provided for
sending out Newsletters
:
email address.
Data provided by applicants for submitting employment applications
name, surname
e-mail address
CV, résumé
telephone number (on a voluntary basis)
Special Categories of Personal Data – Sensitive Personal Data
When referring to the notions of “special categories of personal data” or “sensitive personal data”, it means that this kind of personal information reveals racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership and genetic data, biometric data which allows to uniquely identify a natural person, health data and/or data regarding sexual orientation. At Αtrium Ηotels, we do not collect sensitive personal data, unless you provide us them along with an explicit consent for every related purpose of processing. Such a case is when we ask you to provide us information about your health (i.e. allergies), in order to be able to offer you the best gastronomic services in relation with your health status. This information is stored securely with restricted access and handled with the greatest respect for your privacy. Where you provide information to us about other people, you need to make sure you have their permission to do so or that you can speak on their behalf, for example, in the case of children.
Personal Data collected for Security reasons
mages/video
We collect, process and store images through our video-surveillance systems (“CCTV systems”), where installed, for security reasons, pursuant to the requirements and standards set by the national and union law for the retention of data, sound and images. In many cases, non-operational CCTV systems are available (“replica cameras”) for precaution and safety purposes.
Security Reports
Reports including personal data are being prepared by our Security department for security reasons (i.e. incident reports, object lost reports, open safe list etc.). Such reports may include personal information, such as name, surname room number and will be recorded only for security purposes.
Accident form
In case an accident occurs in our premises, you will be requested to provide information such as your name, surname, date of birth, room number, duration of stay, as well as some additional information about the accident, such as the location of the incident, date and time of incident, it’s nature and any further relevant details.
Purposes of processing – legal basis
Our Security department collects data for:
The operation of the CCTV system in order to guarantee the security of our employees, establishments and equipment. Our legal basis is the legitimate interest.
The creation of security reports. Our legal basis is the legitimate interest.
To assess and investigate an accident/incident according to relevant internal procedures, for the proper handling of any legal issues arising onwards:
Transferring data to our insurance company. Our legal basis is your explicit consent, if provided.
Handling of the incident. Our legal basis is that processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity.
Personal Data collected via Guests’ Questionnaires
For us, your feedback is valuable, as it helps us improve our services to you. You may at any point provide us with your feedback, by completing our Guest Questionnaire (either in paper form or through our mobile app/wifi). If you wish to complete it, the provision of personal information (i.e. your name, surname, room number email, address, country, profession, arrival data, length of stay, data of birth) is optional.
Purposes of processing (Guests’ Questionnaires) – legal basis
We collect the data you provide us through our Guests Questionnaires either in paper form or through our mobile app/wifi for:
Evaluating your experience, improving our services, as well as to further contact you to discuss your experiences during your stay at our premises, and evaluate services rendered to you in the future. Our legal basis is our legitimate interest.
What is the purpose of collecting such personal information?
The justification for processing your personal data will be as follows:
for
making reservations, both through our website, the call center the contact form on our website and emails for room bookings and combined packages (airline tickets and room bookings):
performance of the contract between the parties. The use of the Website, is to provide an online booking service (room or flight) to its users (legitimate interest of Atrium Hotels)
for
changing or cancelling their reservations:
the performance of the contract between the parties. The use of the Website, is to provide its users with the opportunity to amend or cancel their bookings (legitimate interest of Atrium Hotels).
for
sending newsletters
: the consent provided by the user. However, if the user withdraws its consent, this will not affect the legality of prior processing.
for
submitting employment applications
: the consent provided by the user. However, if the user withdraws its consent, this will not affect the legality of prior processing.
How we keep your personal data secure
We take all the necessary precautions, security measures as well as the relevant technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidentiality of the provided personal data. We have secure systems and processes in place to ensure the personal information you provide us is kept safe. We store personal information on our secure electronic systems.  We can assure you that we take all reasonable steps to ensure your data is handled securely under appropriate agreements with our suppliers.
Minors Data
At Atrium Hotels, it is not part of our policy to seek or obtain personal data directly from minors (i.e. under the age of 18) without their parental or legal guardian’s consent. However, as it is impossible to always determine the age of persons who access and use our websites, we encourage parents or guardians to contact us if they notice any case of unauthorized data provision by minors in order to exercise accordingly their rights such as deletion of their data.
How we use the data we collect from this website?
We always base the processing of your personal data to a valid legal basis such as law, contract or your explicit consent etc.
We need your personal data in order to:
a. Comply with legal obligations:
Verify your identity
Monitor the use of our products and services and content
Facilitate administration and marketing purposes including analyzing your travel and accommodation preferences, as well as communication purposes in relation to our products and services our strategic marketing partners, and other trusted third parties (ELSTAT)
Comply with general legal obligations on us
Keep guests safe and ensure the security of our hotels
Ensure the acceptable use of our services
Facilitate payments and credit checks (i.e. completing a reservation, billing purposes etc)
Investigate and respond to disputes
send you product or service related communications, service messages (Law 3471/2006)
b. Enter a contract or fulfill the hospitality contract we have with you:
Provide you with help and support where it may be required. For example, we may contact you to provide assistance if experience technical difficulties, where we have your contact details
Provide you with the products and services you have requested, including administering your booking, amend it or cancel it, responding to any enquiries, complaints or requests you may have
Verify your identity
Process a transaction (i.e. completing a reservation, responding to a request for information etc)
Detect ad blockers and other technologies that affect the services we provide
Send you product or service related communications, service messages
Offer you the opportunity to work with us and become a member of our hospitality team
c. Promote the legitimate interests of Atrium Hotels:
In order to help you enter a contract with us or to fulfill the hospitality contract we already have between us. (Verify your identity, provide you with the products and services you have requested, including administering your booking, amend it or cancel it, responding to any enquiries, complaints or requests you may have)
Improve our services as well as promote questionnaires or surveys in order to provide you personalized offers about our products and services;
Make decisions about what direct marketing to show you based on how you have interacted with us
Monitor the use of our products and services and content
Improve our products and services online and offline, including our websites and apps
Comply with legal obligations on us
Keep guests safe and ensure the security of our hotels
Offer you personalized information about us and special offers, goods, services any events that may interest you or/and send you direct marketing, where you have consented
Ensure the acceptable use of our services
Facilitate payments and credit checks
Offer you the opportunity to work with us
Improve the efficiency of our websites and our various means of communications, facilitate our advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities
Facilitate administration and marketing purposes including analyzing your travel and accommodation preferences, as well as communication purposes in relation to our products and services our strategic marketing partners, and other trusted third parties (ELSTAT)
However, for certain activities we may also need your explicit consent to process your data. Where the consent is needed for the processing it is clearly mentioned in this Privacy Notice.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing/profiling
In addition to sending you information about the products and services you use (product communications) and in-life communications while you stay with us, where we have your permission or where we are relying on our legitimate interest, we may send you direct marketing communications about our products, services, events and offers.
Direct marketing communications may be sent by post, email, telephone, SMS and MMS, through social media (such as Whatsapp, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook), messages including push notifications to your mobile devices, and via other electronic means such as when you visit our websites or use our apps. This may also include any websites and apps of our partners who are in our advertising networks.
We may send you direct marketing while you have an ongoing relationship with us and for a reasonable time after you have used one of our products or services where we feel we have a legitimate interest.
Wherever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your data for other purposes, such as those set out above. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we may carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by contacting us using the details set out in the end of this Privacy Notice.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your information for as long as necessary for the uses set out in this Policy or while there is a legitimate business reason for doing so. If you ask us to delete your information before this time, we may not be able to do so for technical, legal, regulatory or contractual constraints. Your information will be retained in order to comply with legal and regulatory obligations as well as for analysis, to prevent fraud, collect any monies owed, and to resolve disputes.
More specifically,
for
making reservations, both through our website, the call center, the contact form on our website and emails for room bookings and combined packages (airline tickets and room bookings):
the data will be stored throughout the contractual relationship, and after termination of the same, for the limitation period for legal actions that could result from it.
for
changing or cancelling their reservations:
will be stored throughout the contractual relationship, and after termination of the same, for the limitation period for legal actions that could result from it.
for
sending newsletters
: will be stored for as long as the user does not withdraw the consent provided for this.
4.for
submitting employment applications
: if your application for employment is unsuccessful, the organisation will hold your data on file for 12 (twelve) months after the end of the relevant recruitment process. If you agree to allow us to keep your personal data on file, we will hold your data on file for a further 6 (six) months for consideration for future employment opportunities. At the end of that period or once you withdraw your consent, your data is deleted or destroyed. You will be asked when you submit your CV whether you give us consent to hold your details for the full 18 months in order to be considered for other positions or not.
If your application for employment is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your Human Resources file (electronic and paper based) and retained during your employment. The periods for which your data will be held will be provided to you in a new privacy notice.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
access and obtain a copy of your data on request; You may request a copy of your personal information which we may hold about you by getting in touch with us using the contact details below. You may also ask us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information. This right may be restricted by law where disclosing information may result in the personal information of other individuals being disclosed and it would be unreasonable to do so.
require Atrium Hotels to change incorrect or incomplete data;
require Atrium Hotels to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; and
object to the processing of your data where Atrium Hotels is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact Atrium Hotels at
dpo@atriumhotels.gr
We will carefully consider your request as there may be circumstances which require us to, or allow us to, continue processing your data.
If you believe that the organisation has not complied with your data protection rights, you can file a complaint to the Greek Data Protection Authority (
http://www.dpa.gr/portal/page?_pageid=33,15048&_dad=portal&_schema=PORTAL
)
FEATURED OFFER
P
r
e
m
i
u
m
A
l
l
-
I
n
c
l
u
s
i
v
e
Indulge in the pinnacle of luxury with our Premium All-Inclusive package. Elevate your experience to new heights as every desire is effortlessly catered to. Unwind and explore without limits, knowing that every element of your vacation has been curated to exceed your expectations. Embrace the extraordinary and redefine your notion of a perfect getaway with our unparalleled Premium All-Inclusive package.
DISCOVER
S
i
g
n
-
u
p
f
o
r
o
u
r
N
e
w
s
l
e
t
t
e
r
Join our newsletter for exclusive updates.
First Name
Last Name
Country
Afghanistan
Aaland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa (Independent)
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Virgin Islands (British)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Samoa (Independent)
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Martin
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Vincent and Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Email
Stay up to date
Stay up to date