Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Privacy policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy policy
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games
is an international entertainment company specialized in the mobile environment. We create and publish free mobile games and applications that aim to entertain, inform and connect people by leveraging global creative power.
The purpose of this policy is to provide you with all the important information and explanations about how and why some of your data may be collected and processed by Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games when you use one of our applications or browse on our website. This privacy policy governs and details the main principles that Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games applies to the data we collect and process to:
(i) develop and publish mobile apps (“Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Apps and Games”),
(ii) serve advertising that are tailored to the interests of users (“Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads”) and
(iii) run our corporate website (“www.distinctartsgames.com”).
This policy also aims to remind you about your rights and to provide you with all the elements you need to exercise them.
Should you have any questions related to this policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please don’t hesitate to contact Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Data Protection Officer as indicated in the contact section of this policy.
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games apps and games
Why does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect data from its apps and games?
When you install and use Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games mobile applications, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games may collect data and the legal bases Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games relies on in each case.
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collects data:
To provide you with the services you asked for
(e.g., knowing that you completed the first level to allow access to the second one)
Legal basis – such data processing is strictly necessary for the service(s) asked
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services in order to continuously improve it
(e.g. identifying that a feature is annoying for users or that a level is too difficult for most gamers)
Legal basis - Express consent. Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games only processes or shares personal data collected through Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games apps for analytics purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in our apps.
To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users
and allow Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games to continue to provide free services and products
Legal basis – Express consent. Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games only processes or shares personal data collected through Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games apps for personalized advertising purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in one of our apps.
For all data processing activities that rely on users’ consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time from the “settings” page in our various applications.
Please only note that in the case where you withdraw your consent or where you refuse to consent in the first place, you will still be served with advertising but that may be less relevant to you as it will not be tailored to your interests.
What data does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect from its apps and games?
For all the purposes listed above the data that Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect is limited to:
The apps you are using
Your IP address
Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings)
Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp)
Data pertaining to your activities on our applications and notably the way in which you interact with our applications (for instance, how and when you use our applications) and with the advertising served in our applications (for instance, number of ads served, potential clicks)
With who may your data be shared & why?
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games
does not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent.
When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following categories of recipients:
Ad Partners: that allow us to monetize the ad inventory of our apps and provide users with free products and services.
Those partners usually collect data via their own tools (Software Development Kits or “SDK”). You will find a list of our partners implementing advertising SDKs through our applications and the privacy policies of their services that describe their practices and allow you to exercise your rights directly toward them hereafter:
Adcolony -
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Applovin -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Criteo -
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Facebook -
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Fyber -
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
Google -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Inmobi -
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Ironsource -
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mintegral -
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Mopub -
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Oath -
https://policies.oath.com/in/en/oath/privacy/
Ogury -
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
Tapjoy -
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/tapjoy-users/#privacy-policy
Vungle -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Analytic companies: that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services and will help us improve it. Those partners also usually collect data via their own SDKs. You will find a list of our partners implementing analytical SDKs through our applications hereafter:
Adjust -
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
GameAnalytics -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Mixpanel -
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Tenjin -
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/
Authorities: only to the extent we are obliged to by applicable laws and regulations.
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games ads
Why does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect data for advertising purposes?
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games
Ads services allow Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games and its publisher partners (most of the time Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads partners are third party mobile application providers) to monetize advertising inventory by allowing advertisers to serve personalized advertising to users.
In order to deliver such services for its clients and partners, Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games can receive and process data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games may collect data and the legal bases it relies on in each case.
To help our publisher partners monetize their ad inventory
Just like Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games rely on advertising to provide free apps and games, our partners can use Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads services to monetize their ad inventory.
To help advertiser partners promote their products and services
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games ads services help advertisers promoting their products and services to an audience that has demonstrated interests in similar products and services and allow them to optimize their marketing spends.
To improve Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads services
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games is committed to constantly improve the services delivered to its publishers and advertisers. In order to do so, Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads processes the data listed below in a way that notably allows us to better understand how users interact with the ads of our advertiser partners and optimize their user experience.
For all these purposes we contractually oblige our partners to collect the express consent of their users before any data is sent to Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads.
What data does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect for advertising purposes?
For all the purposes listed above the data that Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect is limited to:
The apps you are using
Your IP address
Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in your device settings)
Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp)
Data pertaining to your interactions with the advertisements served (e.g., number of ads served, potential clicks)
With who is your data shared & why?
Data collected for the purposes of our Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads services are only shared with the following categories of recipients and only to the extent such data is necessary for the purpose they are following:
Advertisers that are using Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads services to serve personalized or non-personalized advertising.
Publishers that are using Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Ads services to monetize their advertising inventory.
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games website
Why does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect data from its website?
Like on most websites, when you browse on Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games.io certain information about your connection and device(s) are automatically collected for the website to operate properly.
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games and its partners also use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how our users interact with our services and administer the website. Cookies are small text files stored on your browser that allow the collection of non-personally identifiable information related to your navigation on a website.
You can control the use of cookies in your browser settings but if you choose to disable cookies it may affect certain websites’ functionalities.
What data does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games collect from its website?
For the purposes listed above the data that Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games and its partners collect is limited to:
Browsing events and interactions with the website’s contents and services
Cookie identifiers, IP address and technical information related to your browser and/or device (user agent)
Information you provide us with voluntarily when you contact Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games
Analytics and third party cookies
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games
uses Google Analytics to collect information related to the web traffic on our website. This service allows us to measure the performance and proper functioning of our website and to provide you with a better experience. For more information on the data protection and privacy aspects of these analytics services, you can refer to Google specific policy accessible here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=fr
and opt-out from Google Analytics data collection here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Social networks and other communication tools
Our website also offers communication tools allowing users to share content on social networks. When you interact with such social media widgets or “share buttons”, these social network companies may collect information about you and/or your device and connection. your interactions with these services are governed by the respective privacy policies of the companies providing these services. For more information on the data protection and privacy practices of these companies, you can refer to their specific policies listed below:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Security and other important information
How long does Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games keep your data?
Personal data collected, received and processed for the purposes described in this policy is not kept longer than necessary for the purposes described above in this section.
In all cases, Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games does not retain such data for more than 13 months.
Children data
Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games
never knowingly or willingly collect any personal data concerning children under 16 years of age.
International transfers
Some of the partners and processors referred to in this policy are located outside of the European Union.
In such case, we ensure that:
the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection or,
Personal data is transferred to certified entities under the Privacy Shield or,
For personal data transferred outside of countries recognized by the European Commission as having a sufficient level of protection, any of the mechanisms offering appropriate guarantees is used, for which provision is made by applicable regulations, and in particular the adoption of the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission.
What rights do you have?
Consent withdrawal and opt-out of sale of information
You can change your consent status at any time from the Privacy Settings available in Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games mobile games and applications.
Please note that if Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games does not sell the personal information of its users, we may share it with third parties such as analytics and advertising companies in order to improve and personalize your experience and adapt the content and ads of our services.
Adjusting your consent settings within Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games apps and games, will allow you to block the collection of data for these purposes and will de factoprevent the sharing of information with our analytics and/or advertising partners.
Access right
Upon request, Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access or request deletion of your personal information directly in Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games mobile apps or by contacting Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Data Protection Officer as indicated in the “Contact” section below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Rectification and erasure
You may request Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you, as well as the completion of incomplete personal data. You may also request Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games to erase without undue delay your personal data when it is no longer necessary for Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games to retain such data.
In order for your data to be erased or rendered inaccessible you can either:
reset your mobile advertising identifier (IDFA on iOS, GAAID on Androïd) or activate “Limit Ad Tracking” in your device’ settings in order to make previously collected data non linkable to you or your device anymore and limit further data collection if you choose to enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” option
contact Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games Data Protection Officer, as indicated in the “Contact” section below in order to have the data previously collected by Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games on you and/or your device permanently erased or anonymized
Portability
Upon request, Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games will provide you with the personal data that you provided to us and, if possible, will communicate this information directly to another data controller of your choice in a portable format when the processing is based on consent or contract.
Right to lodge a complaint
You may lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority. Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games being a Indian company, our supervisory authority is in INDIA.
Contact
admin@slamyugllp.in
Data Protection Officer – Slamyug LLP & Distinct Arts Games – Kasaba Bavada, Kolhapur , MH, INDIA
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1741957220962028&usg=AOvVaw3hGxRGwddTjIqpYTge7A7N:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste