Download the Peggy App
Install the app and sign in to get started.
Privacy Policy – North America
Last Update: January 2022
This privacy policy applies if you reside in Canada or the US.  If you reside
                      elsewhere, please review this other version instead.
Peggy Inc. (“
Peggy
”) brings together Galleries,
                      Artists, Collectors and other stakeholders in the art ecosystem (collectively, our “
Users
”) to make living with and investing in art accessible to
                      all.
Peggy values and respects your privacy. We have prepared this privacy policy to explain the manner
                      in which we collect, use and disclose personal information through our website located at Peggy.com (the
                      “
Website
”), through any mobile device software provided by us to
                      you (the “
App
”), and in our other interactions with you
                      (collectively, the “
Service
”).  By using our
                      Service, you consent to our collection and other handling of personal information as described in this privacy
                      policy.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Sharing of Personal Information
Information About our Website and App
Interest-Based Advertising
Safeguards, Account Deletion and Retention
Access to Information
Updates to the Privacy Policy
Contact Us
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use your personal information when you:
Apply to become a User (for Gallerists and Artists)
: Prior to
                      becoming a Gallerist or Artist User, you must first apply for a User account. When you apply for an account, we
                      collect your first and last name and an email address. We also collect certain additional information about you
                      depending on whether you are a Gallerist or Artist:
If you are a Gallerist, we collect the business contact information
                        (such as name, phone number and email address) of one or multiple representatives of the Gallery, and any
                        information that may be contained on the Gallery’s public websites or social media accounts.
If you are an Artist, we collect the business contact information
                        (such as name, phone number and email address) of one or multiple representatives of the Artist, information
                        contained in your portfolio or CV (by asking you to send a link to your online portfolio or social media), and
                        information about your medium of art.
As outlined above, Gallerists and Artists are asked to provide Peggy with certain
                      personal information relating to their representatives. If you decide to share such information with Peggy, it is
                      your responsibility to ensure you have the appropriate consent or authority to do so. These representatives should
                      also be provided with a copy of this privacy policy so they know how Peggy will handle their personal information.
                      If your application to become a Gallerist or Artist User is approved, we will invite you to create a public
                      username.
We use the above-noted information to process, evaluate, and respond to your
                      application to become a Gallerist or Artist User, and to create and administer your online account. When you
                      create or log-in to a User account, we will send a one time code to your email address, and ask you to verify that
                      code in the App. Do not disclose your one-time code to anyone. We will never ask you for your one-time code in any
                      communication from us (such as phone calls, text messages or email messages). If you become aware of any
                      unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are required to notify us immediately.
Create a User Account (for Collectors and other Users):
When
                      you create a Collector or other User account, we collect your first and last name, an email address, your city,
                      optional information about your engagement with and interest in art and a public username. We use this information
                      to create and administer your online account. When you create or log-in to a User account, we will send a one-time
                      code to your email address, and ask you to verify that code in the App. Do not disclose your one-time code to
                      anyone. We will never ask you for your one-time code in any communication from us (such as phone calls, text
                      messages or email messages). If you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are
                      required to notify us immediately.
We may also provide you the option of applying for, signing up for, or logging in to an
                      account with your Google account, in which case we will collect your name, Google account email address, and
                      account information for the purpose of authenticating you and administering your account.
Join the User Waitlist
Prior to creating a User account, you may be invited to join a waitlist by providing
                      your first and last name and your email address. We will contact you using the email address provided when we
                      invite you to create an account.
Create and Share your Public User Profile:
We offer Users the
                      opportunity to create public User profiles through which they can create, curate, and share their art collections
                      and artistic interests with other Users.
When creating a profile, we will invite you to write a short bio that will be publicly
                      viewable on your profile page, and upload a profile photo. The information you upload to your profile is public
                      and viewable by other Users. Accordingly, you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas will
                      be publicly viewable. Please see our Terms of Use for rules and restrictions regarding User Submissions (as
                      defined therein).
We may collect additional information from you to create your public User
                      profile:
Information about your Gallery:
If you are a
                        Gallerist, we invite you to add details to your profile about your Gallery, including an address and contact
                        information for your Gallery, as well as photos or videos of your Gallery and links to your Gallery’s
                        website or social media accounts. We also invite you to share information about Artists who are represented by
                        your Gallery, as well as artworks exhibited and past or future exhibitions taking place at your Gallery. To the
                        extent you share any information about Artists you represent, it is your responsibility to ensure you have the
                        appropriate consent or authority to do so.
Information about you as an Artist:
If
                        you are an Artist, we invite you to add details to your profile about you as an Artist, including an address and
                        contact information for your Artist practice, as well as photos or videos of your Artist studio or artworks and
                        links to your Artist website or social media accounts. We also invite you to share information about Galleries
                        on the Service that represent you as an Artist. We invite you to share details about your work, such as
                        information about your process and interests, or your background, training, future or past exhibitions,
                        publications or recent press, grants and awards, or your experiences as a student or teacher.
As an Artist, you will also be required to provide certain information about yourself
                      to be displayed on your User profile, including your date of birth (though only year of birth will be displayed
                      publicly), place of birth, and current city.
Information about you as a Collector or other User:
As a Collector or other User of the Service, we invite you to share information about yourself,
                        including your occupation and education, your perspectives about art, the Artists you are interested in and
                        follow through the Service, and the artwork in your collection.
Use Pegboards:
We invite Users to “pegboard” artwork to
                      Pegboards that other Users can view and follow. Pegboards allow Users to curate and share artwork they find
                      interesting. We use information about the market value of the artworks in User Pegboards to track the demand for
                      and value of certain art pieces over time, allowing Users to understand the market for the artworks they have
                      added to Pegboards. We also use Pegboards to personalize the User’s experience, features and content on the
                      App.
Connect with other Users
: Connection is a key element of the
                      Service. We allow our Users to invite, follow and be followed by other Users on the Service, and to view the
                      profiles, Pegboards, and collections of other Users. Accordingly, please remember that any information you upload
                      to your profile is publicly viewable and may be read, collected, and used by other Users. Please see our Terms of
                      Use for rules and restrictions regarding User Submissions (as defined therein).
Buy and sell artwork:
We collect and use certain personal
                      information to facilitate the buying and selling of art by our Users, as described below:
Buying artwork
When you offer to purchase artwork, we display (to you and all other
                        Users) information about the offer, including the amount and timestamp of the offer and your username.
When an offer is created, we will either ask you to provide your
                        shipping address or, with your express consent, collect real-time information about the location of your device
                        in order to help us determine your shipping address and estimated shipping costs.
When you receive artwork you purchased using our Service, we will ask
                        you to verify yourself as the new owner by scanning a fingerprint of the artwork using your smartphone. We will
                        capture and store the fingerprint image(s) and associated metadata on our servers.
Selling artwork
When you add an artwork to our Service, we will ask the Artist or an
                        authorized representative of the Artist to create a fingerprint of the artwork using their smartphone. We will
                        capture and store the fingerprint image(s) and associated metadata on our servers.
If you wish to sell artwork using our Service and the artwork is not
                        already captured from a previous sale, we will ask you to upload and display information about the artwork,
                        including the asking price for the work, as well as photos of the work and information about its medium and size
                        dimensions. You may also provide unique written or visual perspectives on the artwork, and can choose to
                        indicate which Gallery, if any, represents the artwork. This information is public and viewable by other Users.
Any time you set an asking price for your artwork, we will either ask
                        you to provide the location of the artwork or, with your express consent, collect real-time information about
                        the location of your device in order to help us determine estimated shipping costs, shipping information and
                        provide shipment tracking details to the buyer. We may ask you to confirm that the authentic artwork is in your
                        physical proximity, by scanning a fingerprint of the artwork using your smartphone. We will capture and store
                        the fingerprint image(s) and associated metadata on our servers.
When you add or remove artwork (or asking prices for such artwork) to or from your
                      collection            or when offers are added or removed for such artworks, we
                      display to you and all other Users insights and up-to-date information about the market value for artwork in your
                      collection, including information about the total value of the collection, any realized gains and losses, the
                      supply of and affordability of your collected works in relation to demand. In addition, we display to you and all
                      other Users the purchase history for each piece of artwork, including asking, offer and purchase price information
                      and the number of views it has received.
Make or Receive Payments:
If you are an Artist, Gallery or Collector selling an artwork, you can earn proceeds
                      from the sale or resale of such artwork. If you are an Artist or Gallery, you can earn royalties from the resale
                      of your artwork.
When you buy or sell artwork, or for the purposes of royalties, we collect your direct
                      deposit / card information (including payment method, card number, expiry date, the name on the card, and CVV
                      code) or wire transfer information (including where applicable: a reference code, the name on the account, your
                      phone number, the sending bank’s phone number, the sending bank’s address, account number, branch
                      number, institution number, and SWIFT code) in order to process the payment. In the case of processing payouts for
                      royalties, we also collect information about your nationality in order to determine the royalty rate applicable in
                      your country. We do not store payment card/account/wire information entered through our Service; rather, we use a
                      third-party payment processor who has committed to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard
                      (PCI DSS) for payment processing. We only use this information to process and deposit artwork sale payments,
                      artwork resale payments, or royalty payments. We may also ask you to provide your Canadian Social Insurance
                      Number, U.S. Social Security Number or Tax ID number to facilitate related tax reporting.
Verify your identity:
Before you upload artwork for sale,
                      bid on artwork or transfer ownership of artwork, you will be required to verify your identity by providing a photo
                      of your government-issued identification (driver’s license, passport, or government-issued photo
                      identification card) and a real-time selfie photo. We verify your identity in order to track the provenance of the
                      artwork that is sold from Users on our platform. We use a third-party service provider who matches the photo on
                      your identification card to the selfie you upload and validates the authenticity of the selfie and identification
                      card provided. Our third-party service provider is not authorized to use or retain this information for any other
                      purpose.
Visit the Website and use the App:
You do not have to
                      register to visit or use our Website. However, when using the App, you are required to log-in using your User
                      account. We collect some personal information when you visit our Website or use the App. Please see the
                      "Information about our Website and App" section below for detailed information regarding the personal
                      information we collect when you visit our Website or use the App, and the choices you have with regards to that
                      collection and use.
Sign-up to receive marketing communications
: If you sign-up to
                      receive email marketing communications such as newsletters, we collect your email address as well as other
                      information on an optional basis to help us tailor our communications to you. You can unsubscribe at any time by
                      clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email or in the Settings section of the
                      App. Please note that you may continue to receive transactional and account-related communications from us.
Custom Audience:
We may use services provided by third-party
                      platforms (such as social media and other websites) to serve targeted advertisements on such platforms to you or
                      others, and we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to the platform provider
                      for such purposes. To opt-out of the use of your information for such purposes, please send a request using any of
                      the methods set forth in the Contact Us section below.
Connect with us on social media
: We may offer you the
                      opportunity to engage with our content on or through third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and
                      applications. When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking websites, plug-ins and
                      applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information associated with your social media account
                      (e.g., name, username, email address, profile picture, gender) to deliver the content or as part of the operation
                      of the website, plug-in or application. When you provide information from your social media account, we may use
                      this information to personalize your experience on the Website or App.
Create a Pegcast:
When you agree to create a Pegcast (i.e., a
                      podcast-like audio or video recording) with us, we will record, produce and edit audio, video or written content
                      based on our interview(s) with you, and may post the Pegcast or other content to our Website and on our App.
                      Pegcasts are publicly accessible by any User of the Service or visitor to our Website. You are responsible for
                      obtaining the consent of any other identifiable individual for their appearance or their work’s appearance,
                      or reference to them or their work in our interview with you.
Send or Receive Referrals:
Our Website and App may permit you
                      to tell others about Peggy. We do this by providing you with a referral link or code, which you can then provide
                      to a friend or family member for their use in accessing our App and applying to create an account. Any account
                      that is created using your referral code will auto-follow your account.
When you create an account using a referral code, your account will auto-follow the
                      account that is connected to the referral code you used. You can unfollow the account (or any other account) at
                      any time.
Participate in a contest or promotion
: When you enter a contest
                      or participate in a promotion, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, and any additional
                      information or content required for the contest or promotion, including to deliver a prize to you and comply with
                      related tax-reporting obligations, or that you otherwise provide, including your social media handle, profile
                      picture and public posts or comments you make about our contest on social media networks. We use this information
                      to administer the contest or promotion and comply with related legal obligations. As part of a contest or
                      promotion, we may also share or otherwise publish the content you submit.
Participate in a survey:
From time to time, we may offer
                      you the opportunity to participate in one of our surveys. The information obtained through our surveys is used in
                      an aggregated, de-identified form. We use this information to help us understand our Users and to enhance our
                      Website and App.
Contact Us
: When you contact us with a comment, question or
                      complaint, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, email
                      address, or      telephone number, along with additional information we need to help us promptly
                      answer your question or respond to your comment.  We may retain this information to assist you in the future
                      and to improve our customer service and service offerings.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties without your
                      consent, except as set forth below or as required or permitted by law.
Service Features:
Our Service is a social, connecting
                      experience through which certain personal information about Users is shared with some or all other Users, or with
                      the general public, depending on the relevant Service feature and on any applicable privacy settings.  For
                      example, the seller in a transaction is provided with the buyer’s shipping information and certain other
                      details to facilitate the transaction. Information-sharing features of the Service are described in more detail
                      above, in your account settings, and/or within the Service itself.
Service Providers:
Your personal information will be
                      transferred (or otherwise made available) to certain third parties that provide services to us. We use service
                      providers to provide or receive services such as hosting the Website and App, cloud storage, payment processing,
                      shipping, insurance, customer support and issue-tracking capabilities, and advertising, analytics, and marketing
                      services. Our service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada or other foreign jurisdictions.
Legal and Compliance:
We and our Canadian, US and other foreign
                      service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant to other legally valid
                      inquiry or order, or to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or
                      contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be required or permitted
                      by applicable Canadian, U.S. or other law or legal process, which may include lawful access by US or foreign
                      courts, law enforcement or other government authorities. Your personal information may also be disclosed where
                      necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or
                      suspected loss or harm to persons or property.
Sale of Business
: We may transfer any information we have about
                      you as an asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition or sale (including transfers made
                      as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Peggy Inc. or as part of a corporate
                      reorganization or other change in corporate control.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR WEBSITE AND APP
Visiting our Website:
In general, you can visit our
                      Website without telling us who you are or submitting any personal information. However, we collect the IP
                      (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Website and other related information such as page requests,
                      browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Website, as well as information we or our partners
                      have stored in cookies (more on that below), such as unique identifiers assigned to your browser. We use this
                      information to help us understand our Website activity and to monitor and improve our Website, and (as applicable)
                      as described below.
Personalized Experiences:
We may collect and use your
                      Pegboards and your browsing, search and purchase history within our Website or App for the purposes of creating a
                      personalized browsing experience, providing convenience features to you to resume searches or browsing,
                      recommending artworks that you may be interested in buying or Pegboarding, recommending artworks you are selling
                      to other buyers or Pegboarders, suggesting Pegcasts that you may wish to watch or listen to, and suggesting other
                      Users that may be relevant for you to follow within the App.
Push Notifications:
If you provide your consent to receive push
                      notifications, we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide you with relevant information, such
                      as: news about Peggy, including product updates and features; news about the community and other third-party
                      services; suggestions for recommended artworks, artists and galleries; notifications when an Artist or Gallery you
                      follow adds a new artwork, someone you follow creates a new Pegboard, someone adds an artwork to a Pegboard you
                      follow, someone you follow adds a new Pegcast, someone Pegboards one of your artworks, someone places an offer on
                      one of your artworks, your offer is outbid, your offer is the highest and won the auction, an asking price for an
                      artwork you follow or have offered upon was reduced, one of your artworks sells; updates on royalties; new
                      followers of your profile or Pegboard; and shipping notifications. If you wish to stop receiving push
                      notifications from us, you can turn off push notifications for the App either within the App preferences page or
                      in the settings of your mobile device.
Cookies:
Our Website uses a technology called
                      "cookies". A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website and App sends to a User’s browser,
                      which may then be stored on the User’s hard drive so that we can recognize the User’s computer or
                      device when they return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain
                      cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to take advantage of
                      all of the Website features.
Analytics:
We may use third parties such as Google
                      Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the Website (such as the pages most
                      read, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and
                      the Website. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies.
For more information about Google Analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data
                      (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following
                      link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics’ data privacy and security
                      at the following links:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
and
https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631
App Usage Information and Analytics
: As with many applications,
                      certain limited data is required for the App to function on your device. This data includes the type of device
                      hardware and operating system, unique device identiﬁer, IP address, language settings, and the date and
                      time the App accesses our servers. We use this information to help us understand the activity on our App, to
                      monitor and improve our App, to verify that you are complying with our geographic restrictions in accordance with
                      our Terms of Use, and to tailor your in-App experience. In addition, we may use third party service providers to
                      collect analytical information about your use of the App, such as the App features used and time spent on the App,
                      to help us tailor your in-app experience, improve our products and the quality of our App, and to manage and
                      analyze data in order to better understand our Users.
We may also aggregate information about the purchases you make through the App with
                      that of other Users for the purpose of better understanding how our App is used and ways to improve our
                      Service.
Third Party Links
:  Our Website may contain links to other
                      websites that Peggy does not own or operate. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the
                      User. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites
                      have separate and independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use. We do not have any control over such
                      websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that
                      operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal information. We
                      encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
We work with third parties such as ad networks and other advertising companies that use
                      their own tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our Website and App in order to provide you
                      with tailored advertisements across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your activity on
                      our Website, App and third-party websites (such as web pages you visit and your interaction with our advertising
                      and other communications) and use this information to make predictions about your preferences, develop
                      personalized content and deliver ads that are more relevant to you on third party websites. This information may
                      also be used to evaluate the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns. We do not respond to Web browser
                      “do not track” or “do not sell” signals.
Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising
: For more information about
                      interest-based advertising and to understand your options, including how you can opt-out of receiving behavioural
                      ads from third-party advertising companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada, please
                      visit the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada website at
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
.
Please note that even if you opt-out of interest-based advertising by a third party,
                      these tracking technologies may still collect data for other purposes including analytics and you will still see
                      ads from us, but the ads will not be targeted based on behavioural information about you and may therefore be less
                      relevant to you and your interests.
To successfully opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web browser (see your
                      browser’s instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them). Your opt-out only applies to the
                      web browser you use so you must opt-out of each web browser on each computer you use. Once you opt out, if you
                      delete your browser’s saved cookies, you will need to opt-out again.
You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device
                      for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting “Limit Ad
                      Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices).
SAFEGUARDS, ACCOUNT DELETION AND RETENTION
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures in an
                      effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody or control against theft, loss and unauthorized
                      access, use, modification and disclosure. We restrict access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to
                      employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements.
You can delete your User account at any time by contacting us at support@peggy.com. If
                      you delete your account, information about the artwork you have purchased or sold will continue to be publicly
                      viewable on the Service. However, any attribution of such information to you will be removed from public view
                      (though your identity and certain details may remain visible to participants in those transactions). Further, we
                      may retain certain information to meet our legal or regulatory obligations.
We have record retention processes designed to retain personal information for no
                      longer than necessary for the purposes set out herein or as otherwise required to meet legal, regulatory or
                      business requirements.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to access, update and correct
                      inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control. You may request access, updating and
                      corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control by emailing or writing to us at
                      the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purpose of verifying
                      the identity of the individual seeking access to his or her personal information records.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our privacy
                      practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure you are familiar with those changes. We
                      will indicate at the top of this privacy policy when it was most recently updated.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or the manner in which
                      we or our service providers (including our service providers outside Canada) treat your personal information, or
                      to request access to or correction of your personal information, please contact us at:
Privacy Officer
privacy@peggy.com
Exchange Tower, 130 King Street West, Suite 1800, Toronto, ON M5X 1E3, Canada