Cookies disclaimer
I agree
Our site saves small pieces of text information (cookies) on your device in order to deliver better content and for statistical purposes. You can disable the usage of cookies by changing the settings of your browser. By browsing our website without changing the browser settings you grant us permission to store that information on your device.
​
​
Filter
Log In
Sign Up
Categories
Auctions
Stores
Expos
Morphpedia
Calculators
News
Community
Genetic Testing
Shipping
Shipping Supplies
Merchandise
About Us
Pricing
Ethics
Get Help
Sign Up
​
​
Filter
MorphMarket is owned and operated by MorphMarket, LLC (hereinafter collectively referred to as “MorphMarket”, “we” or “us”). MorphMarket takes your privacy very seriously. We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.morphmarket.com (the "Site") and our application for mobile devices (the "Application"). Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms of Service
.
Scope
This Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site and Application. Please note that the Site and Application may contain links to other websites. If you click on a link to another website, this Privacy Policy will not apply to any information collected on that website. MorphMarket is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of these other websites, and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.
The Collection of Information
Our principal goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, Application, services, features and content, to administer your use of the Site and Application (collectively, the "Service") and to enable all users to enjoy the Site and Application with an experience that is easy to navigate, provides high quality content, and a safe experience. The types of information that we collect are described in the following sections.
Information You Provide to Us
Personal Information
: You may browse the Site and Application without providing any personal information that may be used to identify you personally. However, when you register for and use the Service, access certain content or features, or directly contact the Site or Application, we may ask you to provide information, including:
your username, password, and account setting preferences;
your name, phone number, address, and email address;
your date of birth;
your billing related information, if applicable, for the purpose of MorphMarket membership.
(collectively, “Personal Information”).
Information Automatically Collected
When you visit and interact on the Site or Application, certain information is collected automatically, including:
Non-Identifying Information
: We collect other non-identifying information you provide as part of your interaction on the Site or Application (e.g. account preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other MorphMarket Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Site, Application and Service and to analyze and understand how our Site, Application and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
Log Data
: When you visit the Site and Application as a user (any of these, a "MorphMarket User"), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site and Application, pages of our Site and Application that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site and Application, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site, Application and the Service and for the Site and Application’s technical administration, to increase our Site and Application’s functionality, user-friendliness, enforce compliance with our rules and policies, and to better tailor our Site and Application to our visitors’ needs.
Cookies
: Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use two types of cookies. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your login information and preferences for future logins to the Site and Application. Second, we utilize session cookies to enable certain features of the Site and Application, to better understand how you interact with the Site and Application and to monitor aggregate usage by MorphMarket Users and web traffic routing on the Site and Application. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site or Application and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or Application or all functionality of the Service.
Web Beacons
: Our Site and Application may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Site and Application are used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
Use of Your Information
We do not use Personal Information for purposes other than those disclosed to you in this Privacy Policy and/or at the time it was collected, except with your consent or as required by law. We collect information for one or more of the following purposes:
Email Communications
: We may use the information that we collect to send you email communications or information about your account, inquiries in our  marketplace that you are a party to, or changes to the Site, Application or Service (including changes to the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy).
To facilitate reliable communication between buyers and sellers, MorphMarket uses a two-way email relay. Inquiries from buyers are sent to sellers in email where conversation continues. These messages can also be privately viewed by you on our website. This process allows us to make sure that seller both receiving inquiries as well as responding to them. It also helps us protect everyone against spammers and other abuse. We discourage using this to transmit sensitive information including but not limited to credit card numbers.
Mobile Communications
: With your consent, we may use your mobile phone number to send you information, notifications and updates regarding the Site, Application or Service.
Profile Information
: We use the information that you provide to us when registrating or updating your account to create your MorphMarket Account Profile. Your MorphMarket Profile will include, among other things, your first and last name and your location. You can select the other items of Personal Information that you wish to be included in your MorphMarket Account profile page (your "Profile Information"). We will share information with counter-parties on our site (buyers/sellers). We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage you to exercise caution regarding the information disclosed in your MorphMarket Profile page. You can review and edit your Profile Information at any time.
MorphMarket Marketing
: We may also use your Personal Information to contact you with MorphMarket newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of these marketing related notifications at any time by emailing
. Please note that we may also use your Personal Information to contact you with information related to your use of the Service; you may not opt out of these notifications.
Request Fulfillment
: We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products, services and information. For example, we may use your information to respond to your customer service requests.
Data Analysis
: In order to learn more about how our Site, Application and Service are used, we aggregate and analyze the data we collect. We may use the information, for example, to monitor and analyze use of the Site, Application and Service, to improve the functionality of same and to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors’ needs.
Testimonials, Ratings and Reviews
: MorphMarket posts testimonials on the Site and Application. With your consent, we may post your testimonial on the Site and Application along with your name. To have your testimonial removed, please contact us at
. We, in our sole discretion, have the right to remove ratings and reviews.
Compliance
: We may retain and use the information we collect in order to investigate and respond to activity which we have reason to be believe may be illegal, fraudulent or otherwise in violation of our terms of service, site rules, and published policies.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not share or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those disclosed to you in this Privacy Policy and/or at the time it was collected, except with your consent or as required by law. We will make information about you available to other companies, applications, or people in the circumstances listed below:
Analysis
: We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, payment processing, customer service and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
Service Delivery
: We may employ third party companies and individuals to perform Site-related services, including web hosting and maintenance services, data storage and management, web analytics, data processing, and email and text message distribution. This includes services for reptile shipping and genetics testing. These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf.
Corporate Transaction
: We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place. However, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the Site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Investigations
: We may share information about you to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person, violations of MorphMarket’s terms of service, site rules, and published policies, or as otherwise required by law.
Compliance with Laws
: We may share information about you to respond to subpoenas, search warrants, judicial proceedings, court orders, legal process, or other law enforcement measures, to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims.
Updating and Deleting your Personal Information
All MorphMarket Users may review, update, correct, or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us at
.
We reserve the right to retain information from users which we have reason to believe have been involved in activity which is illegal, fraudulent or otherwise in violation of our terms of service, site rules, and published policies. The purpose of this retention is to aid in law enforcement investigations, enforce the bans of non-compliant users, and prevent such activity from recurring. In addition, we will retain some information about sellers in order to enforce our rules and policies, such as the rule of one account per seller, for the purpose of marketplace integrity.
Security and Data Retention
To protect your privacy and information, MorphMarket uses multiple security procedures and practices to protect from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification and disclosure of Personal Information of users.
When you enter Personal Information on our Site and Application, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). SSL creates a secured connection between our web servers and your browser, which protects against unauthorized access to transmitted data and supports data being sent only to intended recipients.
Your Personal Information is password protected and our main servers are locked and hosted by a leading provider of Internet access to enterprises with mission-critical Internet application requirements. Access to the host environment is secure.
Attachments sent through our messaging system are stored privately in the cloud for the purpose of access by you, your counter-party or our administrators for reasons given elsewhere on this page. These attachments are delivered to the recipient by email.  The copy which we retain in cloud storage is only accessible via Signed URLs which expire after a few minutes.
Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to MorphMarket. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your MorphMarket Account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited email or telephone communication.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site and Application, you can contact us at
.
Our site is configured to keep users logged in for convenience and ease of use, but if you are using a shared device take care to manually logout out after you are done with a session.
Note that we will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site and Application in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
International Transfer
MorphMarket and its third party partners to whom we disclose information under this policy may perform activities outside of the United States and potentially collect, transfer, store, and process your personal information in other countries. As a result, your information may be subject to the laws of those countries or other jurisdictions. These laws may not be equivalent to the privacy and data protection laws in your jurisdiction. Information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from government authorities, courts, or law enforcement in these countries. By using the Site, Application or providing us with your information, you consent to the potential collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information in other countries.
Access
We will make available to you any of your personal information that we have collected, used or disclosed upon request. Please contact us at
.
Updates to This Policy
By using the Site, Application and Service you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Please check the date of this Policy each time you visit to ensure that you are aware of the most current version. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site, Application and Service.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address provided during your registration) or by means of a notice on the Site and Application prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Addressing Your Concerns
We are accountable for our compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Personal Information under our control. We have implemented policies and practices to give effect to this policy, including training and communicating with our employees the importance of privacy. We regularly monitor our procedures and security measures to ensure that they remain effective and that they are being properly administered. If you have questions or suggestions or wish to contact our Privacy Officer, please complete this feedback form or you can contact us at
or:
Mail:
    MorphMarket, LLC
    Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
    801 E Lincoln St.
    Wichita, KS 67211
Log In
Sign Up
Categories
Auctions
Stores
Expos
Morphpedia
Calculators
News
Community
Genetic Testing
Shipping
Shipping Supplies
NEW
Merchandise
About Us
Pricing
Ethics
Get Help
Reload App
App version: 2025.03.12.8855