This privacy policy governs your use of all our software application (“Application(s)” or “Service(s)”) for mobile devices that were created of published by Apps4fun.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Our new Privacy Policy (May 25, 2018) reflects the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards.
Apps4fun cares about your privacy and we do not collect your personal data, however our partnered ads suppliers may use their software development kits included within our application to personalise ads for you.
You’ll find links to our partners’ privacy policies below:
AdMob (Admob Google Inc.)
Google’s Ad Technology Providers
Information Collection and Use
Our Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Any data including but not limited to unique device identifiers (Google Advertiser ID) are retained on your device and is not collected by Apps4fun in any way.
The Right Opt-Out
You can choose to opt-out from receiving relevant advertisements within our Services from the Application settings.
Apple’s Operating System also allows all user to opt-out choosing the “limit ad tracking” option form privacy settings.
Children’s Privacy
Our services do not knowingly claim data from, or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us.
Changes to our Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. Thus you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes, as continued use us deemed approval of all changes. I will notify you of any amendments by publishing the most recent Privacy Policy on this page.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you accept our Privacy Policy. If you agree with our new Privacy Policy, there is noting you need to do. Please continue to enjoy our Application and Services.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or suggestions surrounding our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us by email.