Privacy Policy
Thank you for using FeedMe! We understand that you value your privacy, and because we know how important it is to respect that privacy, we are committed to protecting the privacy of all users of our website FeedMe.ie (the “Site”) and our applications for your mobile device. Please read the following privacy policy that explains how we use and protect your information before placing an order from our site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
It’s important for us to be clear and transparent about the information we will collect from you. When you use/visit our Service or App you are asked to provide your name, address, eir code, telephone number, email address, order details and payment information such as credit or debit card information. We also collect technical information about your computer (including your IP address), the type of operating system and browser you use, and your computer’s location, as well as technical information about your use of our Site through a mobile device including carrier, location and performance data. We also collect information about your usage of the Site such as what pages you visit and what links you click on, or when you contact us including via chat, email or phone. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded for quality and training purposes and we may make notes about your call for future reference. We may also process and save health information about you when you voluntarily consent, including health-related food allergies.
REASONS WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM YOU
We will use the information we collect from you for the following reasons: to complete an order/sale/transaction and collect payment from you; to provide you with the delivery service you have requested; to enable us to provide you with access to certain/relevant parts of our Site; to enable our customer service team to help you with order issues or inquiries; to tailor content that we display to you; to contact you for feedback or to notify you of updates about our Service or Site; to analyse your activity on our Site to help us prevent fraud; for marketing or advertising; and for customer relationship management.
COOKIES
We may set and access cookies on your computer or device to help us determine which parts of our site are most relevant to you, and to customize and personalize the content displayed to you. While we do not require cookies in order to use the Service or Site, most users/customers find it difficult and less convenient to use the Service with cookies turned off. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of the Site / Service may not function properly.
AUTOMATED FRAUD CHECKS
We conduct automated fraud checks on all customers, payment methods and orders. If our methods to conduct fraud checks detect fraudulent activity of any kind, you may be blocked from placing an order and using our Service/Site. The reason we perform fraud checks is to ensure that our restaurant partners and FeedMe are both paid for their services, and that cardholders are protected from fraudulent transactions on their cards via our Site.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain electronic and procedural safeguards to protect and guard the information we collect about you, and we will not retain your information for any longer than we feel is necessary.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not rent or sell any personal information we collect from you. We share your information with the following third party services providers: Merchant processors, payment providers and fraud detection providers to process transactions and fraud checks; our Restaurant Partners that you’ve ordered from so they can prepare and fulfil your order accurately; Technical service providers for the purpose of storing and analysing data; Customer Service representatives who may help provide support or assistance to you while using our Service; Marketing partners to ensure that the advertising that is displayed to you is more relevant to you.
DATA SECURITY PRECAUTIONS
We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to secure the information collected by us. We use vault and tokenization services from third party service providers to protect the sensitive personal information provided by you. The third-party service providers with respect to our vault and tokenization services and our payment gateway and payment processing are compliant with the payment card industry standard (generally referred to as PCI compliant service providers). You are advised not to send your full credit/debit card details through unencrypted electronic platforms. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and password which enables you to access certain parts of the FeedMe Platform, you are responsible for keeping these details confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Please we aware that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through the FeedMe Platform. Once we have received your information, we will use strict physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to try to prevent unauthorised access.
OPT-OUT
When you sign up for an account, you are opting in to receive emails from FeedMe. You can log in to manage your email preferences [here] or you can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions in commercial email messages, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative notices, service notices, or legal notices from FeedMe.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
FeedMe reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, and changes will be published/posted to our Site or App. You may also be notified of the changes via email or App notification. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your consent and acceptance of those changes.
Contact us
If you have any queries relating to the processing/usage of information provided by you or FeedMe’s Privacy Policy, you may email the Data Protection Officer (DPO) at privacy@FeedMe.ie or write to our Grievance Officer at the following address XXXXXX