Privacy notice
PRIVACY POLICY
The words "we," "our" and "us" are referred to as "hamronirman.com" and identify personally identifiable or personal information which can be collected, how the data is used and how you choose to use the information that we use, which are described in this Policy devised by Quest Corp Pvt. Ltd.
We intend to protect your privacy in relation to the terms set out in this website’s Terms of Use Agreement. Only authorized hamronirman members to use any details provided by you or your agent. In order to secure personal information, we continuously monitor our systems and records. In order to prosecute and/or pursue civil proceedings to recover damages against the liable parties, we investigate all allegations and such acts. Any user not agree to any of the conditions hereof shall immediately leave the website. Hamronirman disclaims all liabilities arising thereof, provided you do not agree with the policy, and you still have access to the website and provide your personal information.
Applicability
:
This privacy policy extends to all users who visit the website and are therefore expected before sending any personally identifiable information to read and understand the Privacy Policy. You may access, modify or remove any information that you store on your behalf if you have inadvertently submitted any such information to Hamronirman before reading the data protection information provided herein and you do not agree with the way such information is collected, stored or used. Hamronirman retains the personally identifiable information of the user, and each user is allowed to request that Hamronirman remove and delete these data (but not other users).
Certain users can access the website, position orders and make use of services without registering or providing any personal information. Hamronirman is not responsible for or validates the information provided by the visitor unless required by law, regulation or an order of the competent authority. A user has to create an account on our website in order to have access to all the features and benefits of our website. A user must provide personal information as required in the Request / Registration Form in order to create an account. Additional information, including the possibility of receiving promotions from hamronirman, is optional on the registration page. In addition, hamronirman can include more optional user requests to help hamronirman configure the website to provide the user with customized data. Hamronirman shall not exchange, rent, or sell any personal information to third parties other than that which is stated in this Data Protection Policy, without the consent of the User. Hamronirman can record received and made telephone calls for the purpose of providing services efficiently and effectively for inquiries, orders, suggestions or other purposes.
Personal information refers to details that identify the user, name, email address, age, phone number, password, location information, Google Map information, last login time and webpage or any financial information provided at or after the registration to hamronirman.
This Privacy Policy extends to hamronirman - owned websites and services. Hamronirman shall not control sites displayed in its services like search results or links. Websites of a third party that place their own cookies or any other files in the computer of the user, collect data or solicit from users that are not responsible or liable to hamronirman. We, therefore, does not reflect, or guarantee, the accuracy, integrity or quality of any information, data, text, software, sound, images, graphics, videos and any other material available on those sites in any manner in relation to the privacy practices or policies of such third persons or to any terms and conditions of use of such websites. Hamronirman does not include or exclude any approval of the website, the provider of the website or the details on the website. Hamronirman requests the user to read the website's privacy policies.
In order to safeguard against unauthorized access, improper use or release, change or illegal destruction or unintentional loss of Personal information, hamronirman took all reasonable precautions to handle personal data as confidentially subject to standards set by the industry.
Use of your personal data
:
You or your designated representative will provide your personal information to hamronirman during the use of our services. You can request us to modify or delete this information if this information is incorrect. Hamronirman shall take all appropriate measures to ensure that information is modified and used for the provision of services, in accordance with the law, to you. We may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request when editing or deleting personal information.
Exceptions.
We can share your personal data with third parties having the need or authority to obtain such information if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to have access, use, protection or communication of information in order to comply with (i) in relation to receiving of such information under law by any authority (ii) any court order (iii) detect or stop fraud, security or technical problems, or otherwise address fraud (iv) to protect hamronirman, our users, or the public against harm to the rights, properties or health, as required by law or allowed by law.
If you want to use any of the services provided on the site and use it to identify yourself, you agree to provide us with your personal data. Hamronirman representatives may request such personal information (e.g. full legal name, address, products purchased, etc.) and other information that may be required from time to time, via email, telephone or letter. When hamronirman is using personal information and performing some review or interpretation by a trained officer the patterns in your personal information and lifestyle, you allow us to share it with our expert for a limited purpose of his understanding and validation, nevertheless, hamronirman will own these data and records exclusively, unless you choose to purchase the same for a certain amount payable to hamronirman.
Hamronirman makes no unauthorized calls or otherwise markets any goods or services except for the reason for which such information is submitted or for taking feedbacks or addressing queries. The user shall not reveal his or her personal data to any non-approved third party and check the identity of those individuals who seek information. Hamronirman can communicate with users through e-mail and online updates, or via other means, which includes text and other messaging types including Whatsapp, Viber, etc. Through signing in to your account, users can always change their e-mail and contact preferences or calling customer support.
If you so wish, hamronirman can send you direct mail at the address you have submitted. The links at the bottom of every mailer are to allow you to opt-out of this direct mailer. We value your privacy and so far as you do not accept these mailers, all steps will be taken to delete you from the list. When you see that our terms and conditions are violated, please write to us, or call us and report these incidents at our call center. All information, including sensitive personal information, given to hamronirman either by the user directly or through our designated agent is real, precise and voluntary. In accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy and the terms of use, the user has the right to withdraw information at any time by writing to us.
For research, statistical analysis and business intelligence purposes, hamronirman may use personal information without regard to any individual or identity and the data, statistics or intelligence data may be sold or otherwise transferred to third parties and affiliates in an aggregated or non-personally identifiable form. The confidentiality of all sensitive personal data and information of each user is to be preserved by all hamronirman employees and data processors who have access to or related to the processing of, sensitive personal data or data.
In the case of a reorganization or sale of the assets of Quest Corp Pvt. Ltd., hamronirman may also report or transfers personal and other information provided by the user to another third party. Any third party to which hamronirman passes or sells its properties shall be entitled to further use the users' personal and other details.
Hamronirman may supply its personal information to third parties contractors working on behalf of or with hamronirman to the extent necessary for the provision of services on this website to users, to support hamronirman in connecting or sustaining the website with users. These contractors generally have no separate right to share this information, however, certain contractors providing website services, including online communications services, shall have the right to use and reveal, in compliance with their own privacy policy, personal information obtained in respect of the provision of these services.
At any time, with or without notice hamro nirman can update or amend this privacy policy. In the event that significant changes occur in the way hamronirman handles a user’s information which can identify the user, hamronirman displays a notification on the website or email users about it. All information hamronirman has about users and their accounts are covered by the current Privacy Policy of hamronirman.
Nevertheless, hamronirman is not required to inform users of any modifications made to the Privacy Policy. You may refuse to accept the amendments and choose the removal of your personal data by writing to us if you have any questions or do not accept changes to your privacy policy.
Please write to us if you have any compliance or complaints regarding the website or this privacy policy.
back to top