Mercer Privacy Notice
Mercer LLC and its affiliates (the “Company”) believe strongly in protecting the privacy of Internet users who visit our website, located at
www.mercer.com
(the “Site”).  This Privacy Statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this Site collects personal information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we will protect any personal information you choose to provide us.  Generally, personal information is information that can be used to identify you or your activities on the Site or information about you which you provide to us through services offered on the Site.
This Privacy Statement applies solely to data collected via the Site.  There may be additional personal (and other) information that we have or collect about you or your company pursuant to other relationships which is subject to other agreements and rules.
What Data Do We Collect?
The information collected by the Company through the Site falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our Site and (2) information gathered via automated means as visitors navigate through our Site.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You:
In the course of using this Site, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs.  For example, you may provide us your e-mail address to request information, or you may send us your mailing address so we may send you the material you have requested.  You may also choose to apply for a job at the Company and submit a job application via our career site
https://careers.marshmclennan.com/
.  Any personal information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated on the careers site or in this Statement.
Information Collected by Automated Means:
To understand how we may use cookies on our Site, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
In addition, in the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for all users, the Company employs software programmes to do such things as monitor network traffic, identify unauthorised access or access to nonpublic information, detect computer viruses and other software that might damage the Company’s computers or the network, and monitor and fine-tune the performance of the Company network and this Site.  In the course of such monitoring, these programmes may detect additional information from your computer such as your IP address, addresses from network packets, and other technical information.  Any such information is used only for the purpose of maintaining the security and performance of the Company’s networks and computer systems.
How Do We Use the Data We Collect?
We will use the information provided by you in order to serve your needs.  This may include things such as sending you electronic or written materials or, for example, if you supply us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from us in response to your request.  We work with our business partners to collect information about the use of the site.  Our business partners collect information such as how often users visit the site and what pages users visited prior to visiting the site.  We use this information to maintain and improve the site.
We may also use the information we collect and receive as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
Who Do We Share Your Data With?
We will not disclose, share, sell, or otherwise use your personal information without your consent, except to the extent required by law, in accordance with your instructions, or as identified in this Privacy Statement:
Affiliates: To enable them to provide services to you and to enable them to contact you regarding additional products and services that you have expressed an interest in.
Agents and Service Providers: We sometimes contract with other companies and individuals to perform functions or services for us or on our behalf, such as hosting this Site, sending e-mail messages, and making phone calls.  They may have access to personal information, such as addresses, needed to perform their functions, but are contractually restricted from using it for purposes other than providing services for the Company or on our behalf.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy assets.  In such transactions, user information generally is one of the transferred business assets.  Also, if either the Company itself or any of the Company’s assets were acquired (including through bankruptcy proceedings), your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Legal Matters: The Company may preserve, and has the right to disclose any information about you or your use of this Site without your prior permission if the Company has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of the Company or its affiliates, other users of this Site, or the public; (b) enforce the terms and conditions that apply to use of this Site; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to claims of suspected or actual illegal activity; (e) respond to an audit or investigate a complaint or security threat; or (f) comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental requests.
What Steps Do We Take to Protect Your Information?
This Site and all information that you submit through this Site is collected, stored, and processed in the United States within Company-controlled databases.  We restrict access to your personal information to those employees of ours, and our affiliates, and to those service providers who need to use it to provide this Site and our products or services.  We have implemented physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorised access.  However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable.  We cannot guarantee the security of our systems, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
Keeping your information accurate and up-to-date is very important.  Inaccurate or incomplete information could impact our ability to deliver relevant services to you.  Please let us know about any changes that may be required to your personal information using the “contact us” feature of this website.
External Links:
This Site includes links to other sites that are operated by organisations other than the Company.  If you access another organisation’s website using a link provided, the other organisation may collect information from you.  The Company is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of linked websites or their use.  Once you have left this Site via such a link (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), you should refer to those websites’ privacy policies, terms of use, and practices to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Applicability of This Privacy Statement to International Users:
This Privacy Statement is provided in accordance with and subject to U.S. law.  If you access this Site from a location outside of the United States, you agree that you use of this Site is subject to the terms of this Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use and you recognise and accept that your personal information may be transferred to and processed in the U.S. and other countries that may not be deemed to provide the same level of data protection as your home country and that may have been deemed to have inadequate data privacy laws under the laws of your jurisdiction.  See also the Privacy Statement or Policy available on other Mercer sites, such as country specific sites like mercer.xx or special purposes sites such as imercer.com, for information about privacy treatments for users of these sites.
Children:
This Site is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose information of children under the age of thirteen (13) without the consent of their parents or legal guardians.  In an instance where such information was collected, it would be purely accidental and unintentional.
Rights of Individuals in Certain US States:
Click here for our privacy notice regarding additional rights you may have in certain US states.
For Company Career Candidates
Please read our Candidate Privacy Statement posted on our careers websites, available at
https://careers.marshmclennan.com/
Changes to Privacy Statement
The Privacy Statement is subject to change at any time.  It was last changed on December 7, 2022.  If we make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will updated the date it was last changed.  Any changes we make to this Privacy Statement become effective immediately when we post the revised Privacy Statement on this Site.  We recommend that you review this Privacy Statement regularly for changes.
Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Statement, or our privacy practices in general, they should be directed to the Company at
privacycoordinator@mercer.com
or by contacting the Company at:
Mercer LLC
1166 Avenue of Americas
New York, New York 10036
USA