ABOUT EMMIOL
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Terms and Conditions
SHOPPING GUIDES
Plus VIP Program
How to get an extra $10 off?
Warranty & Return
Shipping & Handling
Payment Methods
Buy Now, Pay Later
HELP CENTER
Gift card faqs
Size and Fit Guides
Shopping FAQs
Do I Have to Pay Tax?
Make Money
OUR PROGRAM
Wanna Win A $100 Gift Card?
E points
My Favorites
Order History
Login/Register
Emmiol.com respects the privacy of our visitors/customers, which is important to us. we take your online safety seriously. To better serve you and make you clearly understand your information at our site, we explain our privacy policy below.
1.The Personal Data We Collect
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include anonymised data, where the identity and identifying information has been removed.
While our website is designed for a general audience, we will not knowingly collect any data from children under the age of 13 or sell products to children. If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to use or submit your data to the website.
The following groups of personal data are collected:
Identity Data includes information such as first name, last name, date of birth (optional), personal description, photo and gender.
Contact Data includes information such as email address, billing address, delivery address, location, country, telephone number, loyalty program membership number, and social media id (if you log in by social media).
Financial Data includes information such as payment card details and bank account.
Transaction Data includes information such as details of your purchases and the fulfillment of your orders (such as order number, subtotal, title, currency, discounts, shipping, number of items, product number, single item price, category, tax, etc.); payments to and from you and details of other products and services you have obtained from us, correspondence or communications with you in respect of your orders, and details of any rewards and bonuses awarded.
Technical Data includes information such as details of the device(s) you use to access our services, your internet protocol (IP) address, login data, your username and password, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Profile Data includes information such as purchases or orders made by you, product and style interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information such as: how and when you use our website/app, how you moved around it, what you searched for; website/app performance statistics, traffic, location, weblogs, and other communication data.
Marketing and Communications Data includes information such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
2.How We Collect And Use Your Personal Information
We respect the privacy of the visitors to our digital properties and the users of our products and Services, and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy. We collect personal information in several different ways, to begin with, we use cookies that are needed to compile aggregated non-personally identifiable information about the visitors to our web site. personally identifiable information consists of information that is unique to you, such as credit card numbers and bank account numbers.
Personal information is any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. The definition of personal information (used interchangeably in this Privacy Policy with the term“personal data") depends on where you are a resident. Only the definition that applies to your country of residence will apply to you under this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information does not include data that has been effectively irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us or others, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
Your personal data is collected and used by us to support a range of different activities or business purposes. The purposes and types of information we collect are listed below:
To create an account with us and to manage your account, to provide you our Services:
●Contact information, including email address and password, to register with our website or app;
●Profile data, including your style preference, if you voluntarily choose to provide it for personalization purposes.
To fulfill or process orders:
●Identity and contact information such as name, phone number and shipping address, as well as financial information or payment account information, for delivery, returns, refund, sales tax determinations, and payment operations;
●Transaction details, such as return and refund details, gift card number, and order history, in our Services, in order to fulfill basic functions, including processing your payment and return requests, and keeping you informed of the order status and shipping
logistics;
●Location data at an IP address-based level, to tailor your experience in terms of displaying the appropriate local website, language, or user experience.
To provide customer service and support, or to provide you with service-related communications:
●Your communication history with us via various channels, such as email, phone, social media, mail, instant chat, and our customer service platform, to respond to your requests, as well as to keep you updated about your account and the Services;
●Photographs you upload to our Services in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, to provide product advice and to allow you to voluntarily show other potential customers what items may look like when purchased or worn.
To undertake marketing, advertising or other promotional activities:
●Contact information, such as phone number and email address, for telemarketing and email marketing purposes;
●Non-directly identiflable device identifers, operating system information, and cookie information, to direct and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we offer;
●Data about how you engage with our Services, such as browsing, adding to your shopping cart, saving items, placing an order, statistical analysis and the display of personalized advertising based on your activity on our site and inferred interests;
●Contact and identity information, such as name, email address and phone number, when you voluntarily enter into a competition, market survey, event or other marketing campaigns organized by us;
●To share your personal data with third party advertisers.
To improve our product or service, or for personalization:
●Collect your device information, and usage data in our website or app for fault analysis, troubleshooting, and system maintenance, as well as setting default options for you, such as language and currency;
●When you optionally provide such information, we may collect general personal data that cannot identify you, such as body shape, personal height, chest/waist/hip circumference, and weight. For example, this information may be used by us to recommend clothing sizes or styles, personalization, or to provide ft prediction services for you;
●To share your personal data within and across our corporate organization for our business needs and personalization;
●The display of information you choose to post on public areas of the Services, for example a customer review.
To prevent and investigate fraud and other ilegal activities:
●Information automatically collected through the Services, such as browser type, device information, operating system and account setting information for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction;
●Log-in data for risk control and fraud reporting;
●Blling address to verify payment information.
To comply with legal or compliance requirements:
●Identity information, such as ID Card NO., Tax NO. , or passport-related information, for customs clearance purposes;
●Transaction history and certain identity information to handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations purpose, and to comply with lawful requests from a competent law enforcement agency or court.
Other Purposes:
●We may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you prior to you providing us your personal information or which is reasonably necessary to provide the Services or other related products and/or services requested, with your permission or upon your direction, such as:
third party service providers that we engage to provide IT systems and software, and to host our website;
third party payment processing services including Paypal and Klarna(please see T&C’s
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/
for more information) to process your payment to us. Emmiol does not store your payment information. Your payment details are provided to the payment processing service you have selected, who are required to comply with applicable regulations and data protection laws. Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant provider for details of how they process your personal data.
3. What Kind Of Email Do We Send To You?
We send email content to our customers that may include following: order information, payment confirmation, shipping notification, order processing updates, weekly deals, special promotions, and activities that also include competitions and giveaways.
4. How Do We Protect Your Information?
Customers are responsible for their own username and password safety and security on emmiol. We recommend choosing a strong password and changing it frequently. Please do not use the same login details (email and password) across multiple websites.
That said, we do implement a variety of security measures including offering the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Our servers and website are security scanned and fully verified externally by mcafee secure from symantec on a daily basis to protect you online.
5. Privacy Security
Customers must protect their own password and user safety and security on our site. We highly recommend that passwords are changed frequently and that a combination of numbers and letters are used. Please do not use the same login details (email and password) as other websites.We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. To protect our customers online we use the latest in encryption technology, and all of our employees sign a confidentiality agreement that forbids them from disclosing any private customer-related information to other individuals or entities.
6. Your Rights
Request access to your personal data:
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you and certain information relating to our processing of your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data:
You are entitled to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You can update your personal data at any time by logging into your account and updating your details directly, or by emailing us at support@emmiol.com.
Request deletion of your personal data:
There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain. To exercise your rights, you may make deletion within your customer account on the Site or App, or you may contact us at support@emmiol.com.
Unsubscribe from Our Marketing Communications:
If you no longer wish for us to use your email account to send you marketing emails or non-transactional promotional materials, please directly click on the unsubscibe link at the bottom of any of our email messages to you or contact us at support@emmiol.com.
SUBSCRIBE AND GET
$35-$5,$65-$9,$119-$16 COUPON
FOR YOUR FIRST ORDER
A
FREE GIFT
auto added to your cart
Nickname
*
Please enter the Nickname
Date of Birth
Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Year
2025
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
The selected date is not valid.
Country
Please select country
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Canada
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Saudi Arabia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Height
Please Select
4' 6"
4' 7"
4' 8"
4' 9"
4' 10"
4' 11"
5' 0"
5' 1"
5' 2"
5' 3"
5' 4"
5' 5"
5' 6"
5' 7"
5' 8"
5' 9"
5' 10
5' 11
6' 0"
6' 1"
6' 2"
6' 3"
6' 4"
6' 5"
6' 6"
Weight
Bust size
Please Select
32AA
32A
32B
32C
32D
34AA
34A
34B
34C
34D
36AA
36A
36B
36C
36D
38AA
38A
38B
38C
38D
SUBSCRIBE
MAYBE LATER
Congratulations!
Coupon has been sent to your account
Now you can:
Register And Use The Coupon
Cookies Policy
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size, and other display preferences) over a while, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
Cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories:
1. Essential - these are cookies that are required for the regular operation of our websites. For example, some cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely, or carry out fraud detection and security checks (along with other similar things). These are essential for the website to work properly.
2. Functional-these cookies will enable you to move around the site and use its features such as accessing secure areas (e.g. content for registered users). These cookies also allow us to remember your user preferences, helping you to customize your experience on our site. The information gained through the use of functional cookies is anonymous and is not used for any other purpose.
3. Performance improvers- these cookies will help us understand how effective our content is, what interests our customers, and to improve how our website works. This information is used for statistical purposes only and is not used to personally identify any user.
4. Advertising-these cookies enable us and our advertising partners to serve ads and manage our online
advertising when you visit our site and sites upon which we advertise. These cookies record your visit to our website and the content you interact with, and may also be used to manage the number of times that you see an advertisement.
Who sets cookies?
Apart from us, also approved third parties may set cookies when you visit the site. Third parties include search engines, providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, and advertising companies. Third parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services.
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Confirm
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/:
Discover Klarna
For Business
Privacy policy
Select your country of residence from the list below to read the appropriate policy.
Klarna
Australia
Austria
Belgium (
fr
/
nl
)
Canada (
en
/
fr
)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland (
fi
/
se
)
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland (
de
/
fr
/
it
/
en
)
United Kingdom
United States (
en
/
es
)
Luxembourg
Bulgaria
Slovenia
PriceRunner
Denmark
Sweden
United Kingdom