United States of America
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France / Française
Germany / Deutschland
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy / Italia
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain / España
Sweden
Switzerland
Türkiye
United Kingdom
Russia / Россия
Other European countries
Canada
United States of America
Latin America countries
the People's Republic of China / 中华人民共和国
India
Indonesia / Republik Indonesia
Japan / 日本
Republic of Korea / 대한민국
Malaysia
Philippines
Thailand / ราชอาณาจักรไทย
Vietnam
Other Asian countries
Australia
New Zealand
Other Oceanian countries
Other countries
お住まいの国または地域を選択してください
Please select your country or region
Veuillez sélectionner votre pays ou région
Bitte wählen Sie Ihr Land oder Ihre Region
Selecciona tu país o región
Seleziona il paese o la regione
Lütfen bölge veya ülkenizi seçin
请选择您所在的国家或地区
Пожалуйста, выберите вашу страну или регион
국가 또는 지역을 선택하세요
กรุณาเลือกประเทศหรือภูมิภาคของคุณ
Silakan pilih negara atau wilayah Anda
日本語
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Italiano
Türkçe
中文简
Русский
한국
ไทย
Bahasa Indonesia
お住まいの国や地域では、日本語版をご利用いただけません。
英語版をご参照ください。
FUJIFILM XApp PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
FUJIFILM cares about your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to FUJIFILM Corporation (“FUJIFILM” or “we”) and the global group of companies headed by FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation (the “FUJIFILM Group”).
This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices only in relation to the use of our FUJIFILM XApp (our “App”) and will help you better understand our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal data is collected and used.
Through our App, you may be able to link to sites or applications maintained by other companies within the FUJIFILM Group, as well as unaffiliated third-party sites. As more fully described below, each of these sites may be governed by a different privacy policy or statement. We suggest you check the privacy link typically located in the footer of each web page to access and review the applicable privacy policy or statement. Since privacy policies or statements may change periodically, we also suggest that you occasionally re-visit them.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us at
InfoSec-NA@fujifilm.com
if you have any questions about our privacy practices, your personal data, rights, or choices.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 11, 2024.
California residents can
click here
for further information about how we collect and process their personal data.
The Personal Data We Collect
The information we collect from visitors to our App helps us improve our App and provide better service to you. We collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store personal data when needed to provide our services and for our operational and business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. You may also choose to provide us with what may be considered sensitive personal data (collectively, “sensitive personal data”) such as your precise geolocation. Depending on where you live, we may need to collect consent prior to our collection of your sensitive personal data.
The personal data we collect falls into two broad categories: (1) personal data you voluntarily provide to us; and (2) personal data that is automatically collected.
Personal Data You Provide
We collect personal data in order to provide a service or carry out a transaction requested by you. For example, we may collect certain contact information (i.e., name, email address, and phone number) if you make an inquiry related to our App. We may also ask for feedback relating to our App.
In addition, we may also collect personal data when you upload content, including thumbnail versions of photos and images, which may include personal data containing your, or others’, likeness, camera operation history such as last downloaded image, anonymized IP addresses, and geotagging information. However, any photo or image data will only be collected and processed within your digital camera product, our App, and your device. Photos and images are retained by FUJIFILM to fulfill services requested by you and then promptly deleted. By default, the collection of this data, including geotagging information, is turned off but can be turned on if you so choose. When you upload content, we also collect operation history, which are logs related to your interaction with our App or related devices. By default, the collection of this log information is turned off but can be turned on at any time if you so choose. We do not sell this personal data for any purpose.
Personal Data Collected Automatically
Network Services.
The App may allow you to record and view the shooting activity information using your FUJIFILM digital camera product. That information may include geolocation data such as IP address-based geolocation. The geotagging data allows you to see where your images have been taken. The App contains a feature to allow you to determine whether this information will be accessible through the App, and through the Network Services which connect the App and your FUJIFILM digital camera product.
Google Services.
We may use Google Analytics to collect and process information about your use of our App, including app operation history such as last image edited. Google uses this information to provide us with reports that we use to better understand and measure how users interact with our App. Additionally, Google Maps is incorporated into our App in order to provide certain location services and features. Google Maps may use cookies to collect your IP address and geolocation information.
To learn more about how Google uses data, visit
Google’s Privacy Policy
and Google’s page on “
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps
.” By using the App, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with Google’s privacy policies and terms. Google Analytics is governed by its own privacy policies and terms that own and operate Google Analytics and not by this Policy. We encourage you to review those policies and terms.
PostHog.
The App also uses analytics tools provided by PostHog. PostHog collects certain information related to your device, operating system, interactions with the App, camera operation, and any errors related to using the App. This information is collected in order to assist us in providing the App, for improving and developing the App, and creating statistical information for research and marketing purposes. For more information on PostHog, please visit its
Privacy Policy
.
Third Party Account Providers.
We will use the User ID(s) linked to third party accounts that you have created in connection with products and services provided by such third parties, including Facebook, Google, and Apple (collectively, “Third Party Account Providers”) whenever you sign into the App’s Network Services. The User ID(s) are collected by each Third Party Account Provider in accordance with the respective privacy policies of these Third Party Account Providers, and are provided to FUJIFILM as an anonymized token ID for authentication purposes. For clarity, we will not access or collect any other information related to third party accounts that you have created with Third Party Account Providers, other than an anonymized token ID, which is provided to FUJIFILM by the Third Party Account Providers in accordance with their own respective privacy policies. The anonymized token ID, whether alone or in combination with any other information, does not allow for FUJIFILM to personally identify you. We will never access or collect any other information from your accounts with such third party platforms, and we will not share any of your personal data with any Third Party Account Provider.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose personal data where we are required by law to do so.
We use and process personal data for these service- and business-related purposes:
To address any comments, requests, inquiries, and suggestions you submit to us.
To monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
To send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support any administrative messages.
To identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors.
Operation of our App:
We use your personal data to operate our App and perform our services via our App on your behalf.
Legal obligations:
We may be required to use and retain personal data for legal and compliance reasons, such as the prevention, detection, or investigation of a crime; loss prevention; or to combat fraud. We may also use personal data to meet our internal and external audit requirements, information security purposes, and as we otherwise believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, which may include laws outside your jurisdiction of residence; (b) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include such authorities outside your country of residence; (c) to enforce terms and conditions; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or those of other persons.
When We Share Personal Data
FUJIFILM will not disclose personal data to any third party or use it for an undisclosed purpose except as otherwise noted at the point it is collected and where necessary to provide services or conduct our business operations or as otherwise permitted by applicable law,  as further described below.
Within FUJIFILM and the FUJIFILM Group:
FUJIFILM is comprised of a global operation with offices and locations around the world. They are supported by a variety of global teams and functions situated in other organizations within the FUJIFILM Group. Personal data may be shared with FUJIFILM and with the FUJIFILM Group if needed to provide services, operate our App, for customer and technical support, and to promise business and product development.
With third-party service providers.
We may share your personal data with our third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf. Our third-party service providers are not permitted to share or use personal data we make available to them for any purpose other than to fulfill their obligations to FUJIFILM.
With third parties for legal reasons.
We will share personal data when we believe we are legally required to, such as:
Under applicable law or by legal process such as a court order.
To prevent physical harm or property damage, and to protect our rights, users, systems and services.
As part of an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful conduct.
To comply with and respond to requests from government agencies, including law enforcement and other public authorities, which may include such authorities outside your country of residence.
In the event of a merger, sale, restructure, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Links to Third-Party Sites.
Our App may contain links to third-party sites that are not under the control of or maintained by FUJIFILM. While we try to only link to sites that share our privacy and standards concerns, we do not control and we are not responsible for the content, security, privacy policies or the operation of third-party sites, or for any purchases or promotions offered via those sites. You must deal with the third-party operators of such sites if any issues arise. As mentioned above, when visiting any site we suggest that you routinely review the applicable privacy policy or statement and other posted terms and conditions to understand your rights and options.
Except as otherwise notified in this Privacy Policy, your personal data will not be shared outside of the FUJIFILM Group, unless FUJIFILM is expressly authorized to do so under applicable law.
Some of our service providers are located in other countries. Accordingly, we may transfer your ‎personal information across national, state, and provincial borders to fulfil any of the ‎above purposes. Doing so may ‎make that information subject ‎to applicable disclosure laws in those other jurisdictions. You may contact our ‎Privacy Officer to obtain ‎information about our policies ‎and practices regarding our transfer of personal information outside of your jurisdiction, or to ask questions ‎about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by ‎us or our foreign service ‎providers.
How We Secure Personal Data
FUJIFILM takes the security of personal data it collects and retains seriously. We are committed to safeguarding it and protecting against unauthorized access to, or use of, our information assets and any other anticipated threats or hazards to the security and integrity of such assets. Measures we take to safeguard personal data include appropriate policies and procedures to address risk management, appropriate restrictions on access to personal data; monitoring and physical measures for the secure storage and transfer of personal data; training for employees and contractors with access to personal data; and vendor risk management requiring contractual obligations to protect any personal data with which they are entrusted in accordance with our security policies and procedures.
How Long We Keep Personal Data
FUJIFILM has policies and procedures relating to the retention of personal data based upon a classification scheme consisting of business functions and process areas, and the classification and types of data and records. We retain personal data for as long as we reasonably require it for business and legal purposes. In determining data retention periods, FUJIFILM considers contractual and legal obligations, and the expectations and requirements of customers, vendors, suppliers and others who share their personal data with us. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
Access
Data Portability
Erasure
Correction
Opt Out of Sales of personal data
For a broader description of these rights, please see the applicable chart in the California Consumers section of this Privacy Policy, and the section for Canadian consumers below.
Children’s Personal Data
Our App is intended for general audiences and as such do not intentionally solicit or knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal data from children under the age of 16.  If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 16 not in accordance with applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete that personal data. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your minor child has given us their personal data, you can contact us at
InfoSec-NA@fujifilm.com
.
Special Notice for California Residents
This section supplements the information above and applies solely to California residents whose Personal Information is subject to California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its regulations (“CCPA”). Subject to certain exceptions, the CCPA provides California residents the right to access and control their “Personal Information,” which is defined by the CCPA as information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer.
California Resident Personal Information collected by FUJIFILM
During the last twelve (12) months, FUJIFILM collected the following categories of Personal Information from California consumers:
Internet or other similar network activity: such as App screen history and type, operating system, mobile device type, traffic to and from our App, and Activity Records.
Geolocation data, such as IP address-based geolocation.
Visual Electronic Information: such as thumbnail images to be representative of a day’s photography activities.
Sensitive Personal Information, including precise geolocation.
FUJIFILM collects the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from customers, such as Activity Records submitted on our App.
Third-Party Business Partners, such as service providers.
FUJIFILM collects the categories of Personal Information listed above for the following business and/or commercial purposes:
Provide requested services, such as operating our App and responding to inquiries.
Enhancing algorithms and analytics to improve our products and services, provide personalized product recommendations, and enhance your user experience.
Monitoring and maintaining the security and functionality of FUJIFILM systems.
For compliance and legal obligations, and to exercise our legal rights.
During the last 12 months, FUJIFILM has disclosed the categories of Personal Information listed above in accordance with the following:
Categories of Third Parties to Which We Disclose Personal Information for a Business or Commercial Purpose:
FUJIFILM Group; Third-Party Service Providers
Categories of Third Parties to Which We May Sell or Share Personal Information:
We do not sell or share Personal Information.
As mentioned above in this Privacy Policy, FUJIFILM has policies and procedures relating to the retention of personal data based upon a classification scheme consisting of business functions and process areas, and the classification and types of data and records. We retain personal data for as long as we reasonably require it for business and legal purposes. In determining data retention periods, FUJIFILM considers contractual and legal obligations, and the expectations and requirements of customers, vendors, suppliers and others who share their personal data with us. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it.
FUJIFILM will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing notice to the California consumer, unless required or permitted by applicable laws.
FUJIFILM also does not knowingly sell or share Personal Information of consumers under the age of 16.
California Residents’ Rights and Choices
Subject to certain exceptions, the CCPA provides California consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes California consumers’ rights and explains how to exercise them.
Access.
California consumers may have the right to request certain information be disclosed to them about FUJIFILM’s collection, use, disclosure and sale of their Personal Information over the preceding twelve (12) months, subject to certain exceptions.
Deletion.
The CCPA provides California consumers the right to request deletion of their Personal Information. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required or permitted to retain your Personal Information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law (including free speech rights); or (4) to otherwise use your Personal Information internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Portable Data.
California consumers may have the right to obtain their Personal Information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows them to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
Correct.
California consumers may have the right to notify FUJIFILM through the methods identified below to correct any mistakes in their Personal Information.  FUJIFILM may not be able to accommodate a request if FUJIFILM believes it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect; data solely retained for data backup purposes is generally excluded.
Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information.
California consumers may have the right to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of their Personal Information; but FUJIFLM will not sell or share your Personal Information collected and processed in relation to the use of our App.
Limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information.
California provides for a right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information to only those purposes necessary to provide FUJIFILM’s services; but FUJIFILM only processes sensitive personal information for those purposes necessary to provide our services.
Section 10 below provides more information about how to exercise your privacy rights.
Special Notice for Canadian Residents
This section supplements the information above and applies solely to residents of Canada whose personal information is subject to applicable Canadian privacy laws.
Residents of Quebec
If you are a resident of the province of Québec, applicable privacy laws provide you with certain rights regarding your personal information. These rights are in addition to the rights relating to access, correction, retention, destruction, non-required purposes, and withdrawal described in the section “Residents of other Canadian Provinces/Territories” below, which also apply to Quebec residents.
Transfers of your Personal Information
The recipients of your personal information may be located outside of the province of Quebec. FUJIFILM will take all necessary measures to ensure that transfers of personal information outside Quebec only happen in accordance with applicable law.
Additional Rights Over Personal Information
You have the right to revoke your consent to the communication or use of your personal information at any time. Revoking consent may however impact your ability to continue to use the App or certain features that it offers. Under certain circumstances, we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it ‎interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters, or if we cannot verify your ‎identity, but in any event we will respond to your request within the legally required ‎timeframe.
You have the right to request confirmation of the existence of a file containing your personal information. If the personal information we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete or equivocal, or if collecting, communicating or keeping it are not authorized by law, you have a right to request that the information be rectified. All rectification requests will be noted in your file and we will respond to same within the delays provided for by law.
In order to exercise any of these rights, ‎please submit your request by contacting us using the details identified in Section 12 below.
Residents of other Canadian Provinces/Territories
Subject to certain exceptions, Canadian privacy laws provide Canadian consumers with additional rights regarding their personal information. This section describes Canadian consumers’ additional rights and explains how to exercise them.
Access.
Upon written request to our Privacy Officer and authentication of identity, we will provide you ‎‎your personal ‎information under our control.  We will also give you information about the ways in ‎‎which that information is being ‎used and a description of the individuals and organizations to ‎‎whom that information has been disclosed.  We may ‎charge you a reasonable fee for doing so, unless otherwise prohibited by law.‎
In some situations, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information (e.g., if ‎‎disclosure would ‎reveal personal information about another individual, the personal information is ‎‎protected by solicitor/client ‎privilege, the information was collected for the purposes of an ‎‎investigation or where disclosure of the information ‎would reveal confidential commercial ‎‎information that could harm the competitive position of us).  We may also ‎be prevented by law ‎‎from providing access to certain personal information.  Where an access request is refused, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal ‎‎and outline ‎further steps which are available to you.‎
Correction.
We will make a reasonable effort to ensure that personal information we are using or disclosing is ‎accurate and ‎complete.  If you demonstrate the inaccuracy or incompleteness of personal information, we will amend the ‎‎information as required.  If appropriate, we will send the amended information to third parties to ‎whom the ‎information has been disclosed.‎  When a challenge regarding the accuracy of personal information is not resolved ‎to your ‎satisfaction, we will annotate the personal information under our control with a note that the ‎correction was ‎requested but not made.‎
Retention.
We will keep personal information used to make a decision affecting you for at least one year after ‎using it to make ‎the decision, except to the extent that you delete or remove that information ‎yourself.  ‎
Destruction.
We will destroy, erase or make anonymous documents or other records containing personal ‎information as soon as ‎it is reasonable to assume that the original purpose is no longer being served ‎by retention of the information and ‎retention is no longer necessary for a legal or business purpose.‎  We will take due care when destroying personal information so as to prevent unauthorized access ‎to the ‎information.‎
Non-Required Purposes.
You may instruct us to refrain from sharing your personal information in any way that is not required ‎for us to ‎provide products or services to you.  We will not refuse you access to any product or service ‎merely because you ‎have advised us to stop sharing your personal information in any way ‎that is not required for the Services.‎
Withdrawal.
You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal, contractual and other restrictions, provided ‎that you give ‎reasonable notice of withdrawal of consent to us.  On receipt of notice of withdrawal ‎of consent, we will inform you ‎of the likely consequences of the withdrawal of consent, which ‎may include the inability of us to provide certain ‎services for which that information is necessary.
Exercising Your Individual Privacy Rights
Only you or a person who is authorized to act on your behalf (“Authorized Agent”) may make a request related to your personal data. Requests may also be made on behalf of a minor child. Requests must:
provide sufficient information that allows FUJIFILM to reasonably verify the requestor is the person about whom the Personal Information is collected or an Authorized Agent and
describe the request with sufficient detail that allows FUJIFILM to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
You, or your Authorized Agent, may submit requests to FUJIFILM by:
completing and electronically submitting the form found
here
,
calling FUJIFILM toll free at (844) 901-2001, or
sending an email to FUJIFILM at
CCPA-NA@fujifilm.com
.
FUJIFILM cannot respond to requests or provide personal data if it is unable to verify a requestor’s identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal data relates to the requestor. Making a request does not require you to create an account with FUJIFILM. Personal data provided for identity verification for such requests will only be used to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
Identity Verification Requirements.
In order to verify your identity, you may need to submit certain information, including, as applicable, providing account information, answers to security questions, name, government identification number FUJIFILM already has on file, date of birth, contact information, or other personal data. FUJIFILM will match this information against information FUJIFILM has previously collected about you to verify your identity. If an Authorized Agent is being utilized for a request, FUJIFILM will require proof of the Authorized Agent’s authority. If we are unable to verify your identity, your request may be denied.
Depending on the nature of the personal data, which is the subject of your request, our verification process may include using existing authentication practices or matching two or three additional data points, and may also include submitting a declaration.
Non-Discrimination.
FUJIFILM will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights under applicable privacy law.
Appeals:
If you are not satisfied with the resolution of your request and would like to submit an appeal, you can email us at
InfoSec-NA@fujifilm.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
FUJIFILM reserves the right to change, amend, or update this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on our App or in a manner through which we regularly interact with you. On return visits to our App, please remember to review the Privacy Policy which may have changed. Note that if a change to our Privacy Policy results in the obligation to obtain additional consent, we will obtain such consent in accordance with applicable law.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions, concerns, or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may wish to contact us.
You may contact us via email at
InfoSec-NA@fujifilm.com
or via mail at FUJIFILM Holdings America Corporation, Attn: Information Security, 200 Summit Lake Drive, Valhalla, New York, 10595 USA.
For marketing preferences and services support relating to updating your account information or email marketing preferences, or for technical support or other help with services, please use the “Contact Us” option for the relevant service.
Thank you for visiting FUJIFILM.
This Privacy Policy has been updated as of April 11, 2024
© 2023 FUJIFILM Corporation. All rights reserved.
La version française n'est pas disponible pour votre pays ou votre région.
Veuillez vous référer à la version anglaise.
Die deutsche Version ist für Ihr Land oder Ihre Region nicht verfügbar.
Bitte beziehen Sie sich auf die englische Version.
La versión en español no está disponible para tu país o región.
Consulta la versión en Inglés.
La versione italiana non è disponibile per il tuo paese o regione.
Si prega di fare riferimento alla versione inglese.
Türkçe sürüm ülkeniz veya bölgeniz için mevcut değildir.
Lütfen İngilizce versiyona bakınız.
您所在的国家或地区不提供简体中文版本。
请参考英文版。
Русская версия недоступна для вашей страны или региона.
Пожалуйста, обратитесь к английской версии.
귀하의 국가 또는 지역에서는 한국어 버전을 사용할 수 없습니다.
영문판을 참고하세요.
ไม่มีเวอร์ชันภาษาไทยสำหรับประเทศหรือภูมิภาคของคุณ
โปรดดูเวอร์ชันภาษาอังกฤษ
Versi bahasa Indonesia tidak tersedia untuk negara atau wilayah Anda.
Silakan merujuk ke versi bahasa Inggris.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://posthog.com/privacy:
Privacy policy,
PostHog style
The internet has wrecked our attention span.
(Thanks, Buzzfeed!)
Long paragraphs are boring. So we've summarized our privacy policy for you.
Here's the gist in a familiar format you can probably skim while driving. (Or 💩.)
Summary of our privacy policy
Semi-important legal notice
from
our over-zealous legal team
:
(Serif font demonstrates how important this disclaimer is)
The following is only a summary of PostHog's privacy policy. Please read
the full privacy policy
and don't rely on 140 characters at a time, especially from someone who isn't a lawyer.
James Hawkins
@james406
Our privacy policy covers it all – from cookies 🍪 to your data protection rights under your country’s law 🌍. Read it carefully as using our site means you agree to it!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🔓 As an open-source project, some info you share might be public for our awesome community’s collaboration. But don't worry, we’re committed to collecting and sharing the minimum amount of personal info. We're the Data Controller for all this!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
💻 We collect data like your IP address, device info, and pages/content you view to improve your experience. No third-party cookies here – we don’t do retargeting ads or creepy tracking!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🛠️ We gather usage data from our self-managed instances to analyze and improve our site, but you can opt out. If you share your info, like name and email, it’s only used for necessary stuff. No sensitive info like genetic data here, and definitely no under-18 data!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
Here's a cat gif to keep you engaged (and to keep the algos intrigued). Please like/RT.
Thanks, Giphy!
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🌐 We share necessary info of yours with service providers to run our site and product, but nothing else. We’re part of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, ensuring your data is safe.
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
📬 We may contact you occasionally via email with updates, but you can unsubscribe anytime. We promise not to spam you! Our first-party cookies remember you and improve your experience. Reminder: we don't use any third-party cookies.
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
🚀 We respect your rights and keep your info as long as your account is active. You can delete it anytime. Contributions to our projects remain public to keep the integrity of our open-source code.
Reply
Repost
Like
James Hawkins
@james406
If you liked this summary, you'll love following me on
Reply
Repost
Like
The full
(but still easy to understand)
privacy policy
For your sanity, we've summarized each paragraph of legalese with plain English.
(This was inspired by
500px
who did it first and deserve full credit! We tried to do it better but we couldn't.)
You probably realize this, but the summaries
below each section in blockquotes (under the
"What it means
subheaders)
in the right-hand column
exist solely to aid your comprehension and alleviate boredom. They're not legally binding.
The
actual
privacy policy
is everything
not in blockquotes
is in the left column below
.
(Can you believe we actually had to clarify this?)
Table of contents
Privacy policy
(with handy summaries at the end of each section)
Introduction
What it means
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all visitors and customers of the PostHog.com hosted services and websites (collectively, the "Website" or "Websites") and self-managed installations, which are offered by PostHog Inc (formerly Hiberly Inc) and/or any of its affiliates ("PostHog" or "we" or "us") and describes how we process your personal information in connection with those Websites or self managed installations, customer events and demos, and how we collect information through the use of cookies and related technologies. It also tells you how you can access and update your personal information and describes the data protection rights that may be available under your country’s or state's laws, including (in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), and UK), a right to object to some processing that we carry out or, where we rely on consent, how to withdraw that consent. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing or using any part of the Websites or self-managed installations, you acknowledge you have been informed of and consent to our practices with regard to your personal information and data.
PostHog is an open source project and collaborative community, as well as a company. This means that many portions of our Websites, including information you voluntarily provide, will be public-facing for the open sharing of innovative developments, ideas, and information that makes our collaborative community so great. While we are committed to open sharing, we strive to respect the privacy of individual community members and will minimize the information we collect and share. If you do not want to share your information, including personally identifiable information, with other community members and the public, please be thoughtful as to how you interact with our Websites and what information you provide through the Websites (for example, through creating a public profile, project contributions, comments, and blog posts).
Unless otherwise stated, we act as the data controller for the data processing operations described in this Privacy Policy.
We may provide additional information about our privacy practices in other places - for example, when we ask you to provide personal information in connection with a particular service or when you apply for a job with us.
This policy describes how we use your personal information when you use the PostHog app or visit our website. It includes:
Use of cookies
How you can access your personal info
Your data protection rights under your country’s or state’s law.
We suggest you read the privacy policy carefully as by using our website you are agreeing to it.
PostHog is an open-source project, so some of the information you voluntarily provide will be public facing for sharing ideas – it’s what makes us such a great collaborative community.
However, we are committed to minimizing the info we collect and share, and in particular any personal info.
PostHog is the Data Controller for what is described in this Privacy Policy.
We also might provide more information about other privacy related matters if you give us personal info, like if you apply for a job with us.
What information PostHog collects and why
Information from website visitors
Like most website operators, PostHog automatically collects (i) technical information about your device including your device's internet protocol (IP) address; and (ii) information about your visit to our Websites (the referral URL, the content viewed and the content interacted with).
Some of this information is collected using cookies and related technologies. See below for further information on these technologies. We collect this information to better understand how visitors use our Websites, to improve our Websites and experience for visitors, and to monitor the security of the Websites.
For logged-in customers to PostHog deployments, PostHog also collects this information on our application using our own software, to help us understand how to make the deployments more useful for different categories of customer.
We collect things like:
IP address
Information about your device
Pages you have viewed
Content you have viewed
We use cookies to do this and they help us understand how we can improve a user's experience.
We use our own products to do this. eg we will use our Session Replay tool to debug user issues or understand how to improve our product.
FYI, we don’t use any third-party cookies at all. This means we don’t run any retargeting ad campaigns, or use any other invasive tracking techniques that follow you around the internet.
Usage data information from self-managed PostHog instances
PostHog automatically collects information about usage from each self-managed PostHog instance (Open Source, Scale and Enterprise Edition). We may use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information. It is possible to opt out of your personal information being transferred, and for self-managed PostHog instances, we do not track your end users at all. PostHog tracks the usage of these instances at an aggregate level – it is also possible to prevent this through modifying the code, which is made available to you.
We automatically collect info on your usage of our self-managed instances. You can opt out of this.
Personal information
You may choose to interact with our Websites in ways that provide us with your personal information. In some instances, a User ID is generated for form and URL tracking, page views, page pings, and usage counts in order to ascertain product performance and development.
The amount and type of information that PostHog gathers depends on the nature of your interaction with us, as well as the amount of information you choose to share. For example, we ask visitors who use our community group to provide a username and email address. We will also collect the information you provide with us in connection with creating an account on the Website.
Certain profile information (such as your username) may be shared publicly, as well as activity under your profile. If you report a security vulnerability to PostHog and request public acknowledgement, then we may publicly disclose the personal information you provided to us in connection with the report, including your name to fulfill your request for acknowledgement.
In each case, PostHog collects such personal information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with or your request to PostHog. We may also collect certain personal information during live in-person events and demos. We will not disclose your personal information other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate all information (including your personal information) collected from our Websites and self-managed installations for our own statistical and analytics purposes and share such aggregated information with third parties for our own promotional purposes (e.g. by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our Websites).
When you use our websites or app, we may generate an anonymous User ID for pageview tracking etc.
We only collect personal information you share with us, such as your name and email address when you sign up to our product or website community.
If you report a security vulnerability publicly then we may disclose your personal info, but only if the action requires it – e.g. to provide recognition for your reporting of a security vulnerability.
We aggregate the info we collect to analyze usage and improve our website.
Information PostHog does not collect
PostHog does not intentionally collect sensitive or special category personal information, such as genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying a natural person, health information, or religious information.
PostHog does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our Website or content specifically to children under the age of 18. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a customer is under the age of 18, we will close that account.
We don’t collect any seriously sensitive information, like genetic or biometric data, and definitely no data on children under 18.
If we think you’re under 18, we will close your account.
Lawful basis and purposes for processing your personal information
To fulfill a contract or take steps linked to a contract with you
We use your personal information to:
administer access to your accounts;
manage our customer relationships;
process orders, provide our products and services and send you service-related communications; and
provide you with customer support.
This explains how we use your personal information to fulfill our contract(s) with you.
Legitimate interests
We use your personal information:
to improve and personalize your experience with us and our Websites and to tailor communications to you;
to monitor and improve the performance of our products and services for administrative, security and fraud prevention purposes;
for our own internal functions, management and corporate reporting, and internal research and analytics;
to enforce compliance with our
terms of use
and other policies or otherwise in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigatory purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation); and
We only use your information for stuff we actually need.
Consent
We may rely on your consent:
Where you ask us to send marketing information (e.g. newsletter updates) via a medium where we need your consent under applicable law (for example email marketing in some countries);
Where you give us consent to place cookies or similar technologies;
On other occasions where we ask for your consent, for the purpose we explain at the time.
You may withdraw your consent at any time through the unsubscribe feature provided with the relevant marketing email or by contacting us using the details in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.
We always rely on your consent.
You can withdraw consent at any time following the process in the section below about contacting us.
How PostHog uses and protects your personal information
Sharing your information
PostHog may share your personal information with the third-parties listed below for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise with your consent.
PostHog only shares your personal information with those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that personal information in order to process it on PostHog's behalf or to provide services available on the Website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others
PostHog uses other companies to provide our services.
We only use them for the purpose of providing our website and product, nothing else.
Service Providers and partners
. PostHog engages a number of service providers or partners to manage or support certain aspects of our business operations on our behalf. For instance, we currently use the following service providers who will handle your personal information:
AWS - cloud data hosting
BuildBetter - product success platform
Clearbit - marketing data engine
Cloudflare - cloud data hosting
Customer.io - email campaign service provider
Digital Ocean - website user data for community profiles
GitHub - open source repositories and internal project management tool
Google Cloud Platform - cloud data hosting
Google Workspace - internal collaboration tools
Heroku - cloud data hosting
OpenPhone - SMS campaigns
Salesforce - CRM database
Sentry - application monitoring and error tracking
Slack - internal communications tool
Vitally - CRM database
Zendesk - customer support tool
Our service providers and partners are required by contract to safeguard any personal information they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal information for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by PostHog.
Here is the list of companies we use. This applies to your personal data, not the data of your users.
Affiliates.
PostHog is a global business, headquartered in the United States. Your personal information collected by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy is used and shared by PostHog Inc to our affiliate company based in the UK (Hiberly Ltd) for the purposes of providing the Websites, delivering our Products and services, managing your accounts, hosting, IT, security, support, billing, marketing, and communications.
PostHog is a US business, but we also have a UK company.
Legal Requirements.
We may disclose personal information to government authorities or other third-parties if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with a subpoena, court order or similar legal obligation, (b) protect and defend our rights or property, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of any Website or the public, (d) protect against legal liability, (e) to investigate fraud or other unlawful activity, or (f) or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Please note, email and IP addresses of users of a PostHog deployment may be shared with the respective users of that deployment.
PostHog takes measures reasonably necessary to protect your personal information against any unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction.
PostHog at its sole discretion may make use of company logos where those companies are using the software that we provide. If you have concerns over the use of your logo, please email logos@posthog.com.
We will disclose information to government authorities if we’re legally obliged to do so.
International transfer of personal information
The Websites are hosted in the United States, or in Germany if you are a PostHog Cloud customer who has selected EU hosting, and the personal information we collect about our customers' users will be stored and processed on our servers in either the United States or Germany. Information about our customers is processed in the United States by us, and may also be by the service providers and partners listed above. Our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that process information for us as described above may be located in the United States or in other countries outside of your home country which may have different data protection standards to those which apply in your home country.
Where your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA, Switzerland and UK and where this is to a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected by safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses ("SCCs") approved by the EU Commission or by the UK Government. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by using the contact details in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.
Posthog complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("EU-U.S. DPF"), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("Swiss-U.S. DPF") as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Posthog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Posthog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the "DPF Principles"), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework ("DPF") program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, PostHog Inc commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship
For the actions of third party agents PostHog engages to process data on our behalf, PostHog remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless PostHog proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
PostHog might have to share your information outside of the country you are in. PostHog is part of the
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
, so we rely on various mechanisms that this provides to do so.
Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact PostHog directly at privacy@posthog.com and PostHog will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that PostHog has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
. The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over PostHog’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
If you dispute anything we’ve done, you can use the links provided to resolve this.
PostHog communications with you
If you are a registered user of the Websites and have supplied your email address, PostHog may occasionally send you an email to tell you about security, system information, new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with PostHog and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. There's an unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we send you so you can stop receiving such emails at any time.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish your request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other customers. We will not publish your personal information in connection with your request.
PostHog will contact you, mainly over email, from time to time. We promise we won’t spam you, but you can unsubscribe whenever you like.
Cookies, tracking technologies and Do Not Track
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. PostHog uses cookies to help PostHog identify and track visitors, their usage of the Websites, and their Website access preferences. PostHog visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers may set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Websites. Disabling browser cookies may cause certain features of PostHog's websites to not function properly.
To remember you, our system will give you a cookie. It's safe. We’re very careful to only have first-party cookies on our site, including when we embed content from other websites, such as YouTube.
Tracking technologies
We do not use third-party tracking services to collect information about you.
We hope this part is pretty clear. However, thanks for actually reading our Privacy Policy, as a reward we’d love to send you a free toilet roll with our Privacy Policy printed on it, send us an email to tpsandcs@posthog.com.
Do Not Track
"Do Not Track" is a privacy preference you can set in your browser if you do not want online services to collect and share certain kinds of information about your online activity from third party tracking services. PostHog does not track your online browsing activity on other online services over time and we do not permit third-party services to track your activity on our site. Because we do not share this kind of data with third party services or permit this kind of third party data collection for any of our users, and we do not track our users on third-party websites ourselves, we do not need to respond differently to an individual browser's Do Not Track setting.
Because PostHog doesn’t use third-party tracking services, we don’t need to do anything different when it comes to ‘Do Not Track’ settings on an individual's browser.
Global privacy practices and your rights
Information we collect may be stored and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy but we understand that users from other countries may have different expectations and rights with regard to their privacy. For all Website visitors and customers, no matter their country of location, we will:
provide clear methods of unambiguous, informed consent when we do collect your personal information and where required by applicable law;
only collect the minimum amount of personal information necessary for the purpose it is collected for, unless you choose to provide us more;
offer you simple methods of accessing, correcting, or deleting your information that we have collected, with the exception of information you voluntarily provide that is necessary to retain as is for the integrity of our project code as described further below; and
provide Website customers notice, choice, accountability, security, and access, and we limit the purpose for processing. We also provide our customers a method of recourse and enforcement.
Where our affiliate within the UK processes your personal information or where we process personal information of individuals located in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, you are entitled to the following rights with regards to your personal information:
Right of access to your personal information, to know what information we hold about you.
Right to correct any incorrect or incomplete personal information about yourself that we hold.
Right to restrict/suspend our processing of your personal information.
Right to complain to a supervisory authority if you believe your privacy rights are being violated. In the UK, this will be the Information Commissioner.
Additional rights that may apply to you in certain instances:
Right of data portability (if our processing is based on consent or a contract and the processing carried out by automated means);
Right to withdraw consent at any time (if processing is based on consent). If you ask to withdraw your consent, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time.
Right to object to processing (if processing is based on legitimate interests)
Right to object to processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes
Right of erasure of your personal data from our system ("right to be forgotten") if certain grounds are met
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
Where we collect personal information to administer your accounts or your contract with us or to comply with our legal obligations, this is mandatory and we will not be able to manage our relationship with you without this. In all other cases, the provision of requested personal information is optional, but this may affect your ability to participate in certain Website-related activities or being able to access and use certain features and services, where the information is needed for those purposes.
To exercise your privacy rights, you can email us at the address given below in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.
PostHog is a US company, with a UK subsidiary, however our users are based all over the world and you still hold lots of rights that we respect.
Data retention and deletion
If you already have an account on the Websites, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic customer profile information by logging into your account and updating profile settings.
PostHog will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to perform our contractual obligations, provide you services through the Website, to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, preserve legal rights, or enforce our agreements. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable opportunity. For instance, in respect of data held for the management of customers and potential customers, we consider the lead time necessary to develop and maintain our commercial relationships and how recent our interactions are with you. We may rectify, update or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion. For more information on our retention periods you can contact us using the details in the “Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy” section of this Privacy Policy.
Please note that due to the open source nature of our products, services, and community, we may retain limited personal information indefinitely in order to ensure transactional integrity and nonrepudiation. For example, if you provide your information in connection with a blog post, GitHub issue or comment, we may display that information even if you have deleted your account as we do not automatically delete community posts. Also, as described in our
Terms of Use
, if you contribute to a PostHog project and provide your personal information in connection with that contribution, that information (including your name) will be embedded and publicly displayed with your contribution and we will not be able to delete or erase it because doing so would break the project code.
PostHog will keep your information as long as you have an active account, but you can delete this at any time by logging in and updating your profile settings.
There are some situations where we cannot delete your information, such as if you provide a contribution to one of our projects.
CCPA addendum
Introduction
This Addendum (“Addendum”) forms part of the Privacy Policy, and of any superseding written agreement, entered by and between you, the Customer (as defined in the Agreement) (“Customer”), and PostHog Inc. (“PostHog”; and collectively – the “Agreement”).
This Addendum reflects the parties’ desire and intent to modify and amend the Agreement, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, with regard to the processing of Customer Personal Information (as defined below) by PostHog on behalf of the Customer.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement.
You represent and warrant that you have full authority to bind the Customer to this Addendum. If you cannot, or do not agree to, comply with and be bound by this Addendum, or do not have authority to bind the Customer or any other entity, please do not provide any Customer Personal Information to us.
This Addendum shall become effective as of the commencement of processing of Customer Personal Information under the Agreement (“Addendum Effective Date”).
If you need a signed copy of this Addendum you can download a
template
, enter your details, send a request to
privacy@posthog.com
and we’ll provide you a countersigned copy.
Definitions
“
CCPA
” means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal. Civ. Code §1798.100 et. seq., and its implementing regulations.
“
Customer Personal Information
” means any Customer Data maintained by Customer and processed by PostHog solely on Customer’s behalf, that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, to the extent that such information is protected as “personal information” (or an analogous variation of such term) under applicable U.S. Data Protection Laws.
“
U.S. Data Protection Laws
” means all laws and regulations of the United States of America, including the CCPA, applicable to the processing of personal information (or an analogous variation of such term).
“
Service Provider
” has the meaning set forth in Section 1798.140(v) of the CCPA.
Amendments
Roles
The parties acknowledge and agree that with regard to the processing of Customer Personal Information performed solely on behalf of Customer, PostHog is a Service Provider and receives Customer Personal Information pursuant to the business purpose of providing the Services to Customer in accordance with the Agreement.
No Sale of Customer Personal Information to PostHog
Customer and PostHog hereby acknowledge and agree that in no event shall the transfer of Customer Personal Information from Customer to PostHog pursuant to the Agreement constitute a sale of information to PostHog, and that nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as providing for the sale of Customer Personal Information to PostHog.
Limitations on Use and Disclosure
PostHog is prohibited from using or disclosing Customer Personal Information for any purpose other than the specific purpose of performing the Services specified in the Agreement, the permitted business purposes set under applicable law, and as required under applicable law. PostHog hereby certifies that it understands the foregoing restriction and will comply with it in accordance with the requirements of applicable U.S. Data Protection Laws.
Data Subject Access Requests
PostHog will reasonably assist Customer with any data subject access, erasure or opt-out requests and objections. If PostHog receives any request from data subjects, authorities, or others relating to its data processing, PostHog will without undue delay inform Customer and reasonably assist Customer with developing a response (but PostHog will not itself respond other than to confirm receipt of the request, to inform the data subject, authority or other third party that their request has been forwarded to Customer, and/or to refer them to Customer, except per reasonable instructions from Customer). PostHog will also reasonably assist Customer with the resolution of any request or inquiries that Customer receives from data protection authorities relating to PostHog, unless PostHog elects to object such requests directly with such authorities.
Effect of this Addendum
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Addendum and the terms of the Agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and solely where U.S. Data Protection Laws apply, the terms of this Addendum shall control.
This section is specific to California residents.
PostHog acts as a "Service Provider" and processes your personal information only to provide services, not selling it.
We cannot use or disclose your personal information for other purposes and must comply with U.S. Data Protection Laws. We'll help you with data access, erasure, or opt-out requests.
In case of any conflict between this Addendum and the main agreement regarding U.S. Data Protection Laws, this Addendum prevails.
Job applications
This section sets out how we collect, store, and process personal information as part of our recruitment process. It only applies to users of our website who submit an application for one of our open roles and is supplemental to the above Privacy Policy.
We use
Ashby
, an online application provided by Ashby Inc., to assist with our recruitment process. We use Ashby to process personal information as a data processor on our behalf. Ashby is only entitled to process your personal data in accordance with our instructions.
Where you apply for a job opening posted by us, these provisions will apply to our processing of your personal information. When you apply for a job opening via the application function on a job site like LinkedIn or similar online service provider (referred to below as a “Partner”), you should note that the relevant Partner may retain your personal data and may also collect data from us in respect of the progress of your application. Any use by the Partner of your data will be in accordance with the Partner’s privacy policy.
Information we collect from applicants
Information we collect from you
We collect and process some or all of the following types of information from you:
Information you provide when you apply for a role, including contact details such as name, email address, physical address, telephone number
Information relating to your employment history such as resumé/CV, employment history, qualifications and skills
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
A record of your progress through any hiring process that we may conduct
Details of your visits to Ashby’s Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the site that referred you to Ashby’s Website and the resources that you access.
Information we collect from other sources
Ashby provides PostHog with the ability to link the data you provide to us, with other publicly available information about you that you have published online, such as on LinkedIn, GitHub or other public social media profiles.
Ashby allows PostHog to search various databases which may include your personal data (including your CV or résumé), to find possible candidates to fill our job openings. Where we find you in this way, we will obtain your personal data from these sources.
We may receive your personal data from a third party who recommends you as a candidate for a specific job opening or for our business more generally.
When you apply for a job with us, we collect and process your personal information using Ashby, our applicant tracking system. We may also get information from public sources like LinkedIn.
How we use applicant information
We
only
collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To communicate with you about the role you have applied for and to manage the recruitment process
To consider your application for potential future job opportunities
We will never use a candidate's personal information for marketing purposes.
Lawful basis and purposes for processing applicant personal information
If you are a national of countries in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we collect and process your personal information on the following legal bases set out by applicable law:
Consent:
We may ask you for your consent to process your personal information. You can withdraw your consent at any time, which will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent was withdrawn.
Legitimate Interest:
We process certain personal information for our legitimate interests. These legitimate interests include, for example, running our recruitment process and managing applicants.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
: In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to process your personal information, such as to meet our legal requirements or in response to a court or regulatory order. We also may need to process your personal information to protect vital interests, or to exercise, establish, or defend legal claims.
We use your data to manage the hiring process and for future job opportunities, but never for marketing.
International data transfer of applicant data
Your personal information may be processed in the United States, the country where you have applied for a job, or any other country where PostHog has team members or operations.
PostHog may transfer, store, or process your personal information in a country outside your jurisdiction, including countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. If we transfer personal information from the EEA, Switzerland, or United Kingdom to a country outside it, such as the United States, we will enter into Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the EU Commission or by the UK Government, with the data importer, or take other measures to provide an adequate level of data protection.
How long we keep applicant personal data
We will hold all the data for 24 months. Prior to that, your personal information will be deleted if:
You delete your personal information; or
You write to us asking us to delete your personal information.
Your rights and choices as an applicant
Please see the section on
Global Privacy Practices and Your Rights
above.
If you're from the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, we handle your data based on consent, legitimate interest, or legal obligations. Your data may be processed outside your country, and we keep it for 24 months unless you ask us to delete it.
Data processing agreements
If you need to enter into a Data Processing Agreement with us, the version you need will depend on whether you have signed up for PostHog Cloud in the US or EU. Please visit our
world-class DPA generator
and follow the instructions to have it counter-signed by PostHog.
We'll counter-sign a data processing agreement after you generate one in our DPA generator and send it to us.
Security measures
You can
view our complete set of security measures
for SOC 2, GDPR, and CCPA.
Our internal security practices are available in our public handbook.
Contacting PostHog about your privacy
The relevant data controller for any personal information processed in connection with our Websites or self-managed installations is PostHog Inc, 2261 Market Street #4008, San Francisco, CA 94114. If you apply for a job with us, the relevant data controller is the country-specific PostHog entity which will be your employer.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy and security practices or you wish to make a complaint about our compliance with applicable privacy laws, please feel free to contact us at
privacy@posthog.com
.
If your query is in connection with a job application, please email us at
careers@posthog.com
.
We have appointed an EU and UK representative who can also be contacted at
privacy@posthog.com
.
If you have questions or concerns about the way we are handling your personal information, or would like to exercise your privacy rights, please email us with the subject line "Privacy Concern" at
privacy@posthog.com
.
In most cases, we will respond within 30 days of receiving your message but please note for promptest response, we recommend emailing us.
If you have questions or concerns about your privacy or want to file a complaint, email us at privacy@posthog.com.
For job applications, email careers@posthog.com.
Privacy policy changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, PostHog may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in PostHog's sole discretion.
We may also provide notification to customers who have provided us email addresses of material changes to this Privacy Policy through our Website. PostHog encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any minor changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
We might change our privacy policy, so check our website often. Your use of our site means you accept any changes.
Terms
Privacy
DPA generator
Why PostHog?
Products
Pricing
Docs
Community
Company