Privacy policies
Last update date: 10/12/2021
In accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016, regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and the free circulation of these data (General Data Protection Regulation - RGPD), Ica Games, informs the users of the La Guatoca application (hereinafter, the Application), about the processing of personal data, which they have voluntarily provided during the registration process, access and use of the service.
1. IDENTIFICATION OF THE DATA CONTROLLER.
Ica Games is the entity responsible for processing the data provided by the customers of the Application (hereinafter, the User(s).
2. PURPOSE OF DATA PROCESSING.
The application collects user data only related to its use to improve its benefits. It will not collect any personal data from the user.
3. PRESERVATION OF PERSONAL DATA.
The personal data provided by the User will be kept in the systems and databases of the Data Controller, as long as the User continues to use the Application, and as long as they do not request its deletion. In order to purify the possible responsibilities derived from the treatment, the data will be kept for a minimum period of five years.
4. RECIPIENTS. The data will not be communicated to any third party outside Ica Games, except legal obligation or in any case, prior request for the User's consent. On the other hand, Ica Games may give access to or transmit the personal data provided by the User to third-party service providers, with whom it has signed commissioned data processing agreements, and who only access said information to provide a service in favor and on behalf of the Responsible.
5. DATA RETENTION.
Ica Games, informs the User that, as a data hosting service provider and by virtue of the provisions of Law 34/2002 of July 11, Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (LSSI), retains for a maximum period of 12 months, the essential information to identify the origin of the data stored and the moment in which the provision of the service began. The retention of this data does not affect the secrecy of communications and may only be used in the framework of a criminal investigation or to safeguard public safety, making it available to judges and/or courts or the Ministry that so requires. . The communication of data to the State Security Forces and Corps, will be done by virtue of the provisions of the regulations on protection of personal data, and under the utmost respect for it.
6. PROTECTION OF THE INFORMATION HOSTED. The Data Controller adopts the necessary measures to guarantee the security, integrity and confidentiality of the data in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016, regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and the free circulation of the same. Although the Controller makes backup copies of the contents hosted on its servers, however, it is not responsible for the loss or accidental deletion of data by Users. In the same way, it does not guarantee the total replacement of the data deleted by the Users, since the aforementioned data could have been deleted and/or modified during the period of time elapsed since the last backup copy. The services provided or provided through the Application, except for specific backup services, do not include the replacement of the contents stored in the backup copies made by the Data Controller, when this loss is attributable to the user; in this case, a rate will be determined according to the complexity and volume of the recovery, always with the prior acceptance of the user. The replacement of deleted data is only included in the price of the service when the loss of the content is due to causes attributable to the Responsible.
7. EXERCISE OF RIGHTS.
Ica Games informs the User that they have the rights of access, rectification, limitation, deletion, opposition and portability, which may be exercised by request addressed to the email:
icagamesv@gmail.com
.
Likewise, the User has the right to revoke the consent initially given, and to file rights claims against the Spanish Agency for Data Protection (AEPD).
8. ELECTRONIC BUSINESS COMMUNICATIONS. Pursuant to the LSSI (Information Society Services Law), Ica Games will not send advertising or promotional communications by email or other equivalent electronic means of communication that have not previously been requested or expressly authorized by the recipients of the information. same. In the case of users with whom there is a prior contractual, legal or service relationship, the Data Controller is authorized to send commercial communications regarding products or services of the Controller that are similar to those initially contracted. with the client. In the event that the User wants to unsubscribe when receiving the aforementioned communications, they can do so by sending their will by e-mail to the email:
icagamesv@gmail.com
.