Trothmatrix
Home
About us
Features
Reviews
Contact
We can develope
Mobile Apps for your business
Discover More
Meet the Author
4.5
2,564 reviews
What We Do
About Us
We are group of dynamic people with excellence in skills to give our customer an edge in the cut-throat market scenario.We deliver high-quality Android, IOS  and website services through our motivated and qualified team which is focused on exceeding client’s expectations every time. We are your designer, consultant and developer; breathing vitality into your online presence.
Design mobile apps with us to drive your business,build uninterrupted customer engagement,yield revenue, speed up day-to-day work and be famous.Experience the energy of working with a proficient team.
What's inside?
Services We provide
Introduction
Chapter 1:
IPHONE APP DEVELOPMENT
Chapter 2:
ANDROID APP DEVELOPMENT
Chapter 3:
MOBILE APP CONSULTANCY
Chapter 4:
WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT & DESIGNING
TOP-RATED WEB AND MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
Developing apps that delight millions of people.
From ideation to development, Trothmatrix handles your unique & diverse project in its fullness. As the leading mobile app development company, our development experts have built and delivered many applications for global businesses.

                                    Mobile app development is our area of expertise, and we have mastered the essence of incredible performance. From successful startups & businesses to visionary entrepreneurs, our global app solutions have helped streamline complex functionality and boost enterprise productivity.
IPHONE APP DEVELOPMENT
Our comprehensive knowledge with APIs, coding languages, and other critical aspects ensure you receive an advanced iOS app with engaging user interface and smooth functionality.
We understand the importance of mobile apps in today's world, and that's why we strive to create applications that cater to your specific needs. Our team has extensive knowledge and experience in developing apps for a range of industries, including healthcare, finance, entertainment, and many more.
ANDROID APP DEVELOPMENT
Our developers have extensive experience in developing and deploying apps for devices supporting the Android platform, compatible with all versions of android.
Right Platform
We will provide you with expert advice on how to create a successful app and help you choose the right platform for your business.
MOBILE APP CONSULTANCY
By creating an end-to-end roadmap, our team ensures your mobile app is designed, built, tested, and delivered on-time, every time. We provide the best solution and advice to our clients.
Our team will work with you to understand your business needs and objectives.
WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT & DESIGNING
Our skilled designers will create a visually appealing and user-friendly app that will engage your customers and enhance their user experience.
Our developers will bring your app to life with the latest technologies and tools. We work tirelessly to ensure that your app is fast, efficient, and compatible with all devices.
Core Values
Our Mission
Our mission is to expand our customer reach and stand out in the android/ios and  website solutions realm globally. We wish to celebrate creativity by its ample demonstration in the work that we furnish to our clients and help them achieve their objectives.
Our Vision
Our vision is to be a global name in the arena of  mobile app development, and web development services that is regarded for its culture and work ethics.
Reviews
What people saying...
SATYA K THUMALLAPALI
Client
4.5
Team Trothmatrix is very proficient with iOS & Android development and tries to go the extra mile to meet clients' deadlines.
Markus
Client
5
Team Trothmatrix Perfect and professional delivery of changes for our iOS app. Thanks and let's proceed with further updates..
KENETH W
Client
5
I think one of the best Freelancer I have worked with. Really fast and reliable. Looking for a long term relationship
Feel Free To get in touch
Contact Us
Say hi and talk to us
Contact
Cabin G2, GTP Chamber, Plaza Market, sec 70 Mohali , Punjab, India
+91 94175-25025
info@trothmatrix.com
Copyright © 2023
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://trothmatrix.com/privacy.php:
Trothmatrix
Home
About us
Features
Reviews
Contact
Privacy Policy
Thank you for choosing us! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so, How we use your personal data, and The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to Trothmatrix, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on https://www.trothmatrix.com. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us so we can reply to you more quickly.
Name of the business: Trothmatrix
Address: Cabin G2, GTP Chamber, Plaza Market, sec 70 Mohali , Punjab, India
Email: info@trothmatrix.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by Spanish laws.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.