The new 24V Amps
The new Studio-X III 24V Series. Sound Quality Amplifiers for
your Truck
The revolutionary
HDSP
912 MHz, 64 Bit DSP Processor
Floor Noise S/N: -140 dB (A)
Up to 16 Channel Outputs
456 MHz HD Audio Player
Support till 24bit/192KHz
Double speed Touch-Screen Control
UHD AUDIO PLAYER
MODULAR DESIGN
Upgradable ADC/DAC Modules
Different IN/OUT options
For the more fanatic audiophiles
POWER AND PERFORMANCE
The Driving Force. Since 1974
ZAPCO is dedicated to the pursuit of audio fidelity. Our prime objectives are to design and manufacture audio products of unsurpassed quality, to provide unparalleled support and service for these products and to conduct business in a manner that will enhance the quality of life for all involved.
There is absolutely no substitute for experience; that is a simple fact of life. Another simple fact is that ZAPCO has, for over forty-two years, been the leader in defining quality standards for the car audio industry. These years of experience have led to a thorough understanding of the challenges that are unique to the world of car audio. ZAPCO’s relentless quest for sonic purity consistently yields imaginative designs that utilize the most innovative technologies. The resulting products set the criteria by which all others in the industry are judged.
At Zapco, we’ve been doing the same thing we have done for over 40 years, constantly searching out innovative ways to bring better sound to the automotive environment. Why do we do it? Because nothing else can grab your soul and bring tears to your eyes like music. Music can make you tap your feet, and dance for joy. Of all the arts, music has the most powerful and immediate effect on your body and your mind. Reproducing music in all its glory, and it’s subtleness, and its detail deserves nothing less than our best efforts.
​
We do it Because Sound Matters.
The next generation of processing
Zapco processing started in 1978 with the famous PEQ, 9 band, dual channel control, preamp EQ. With balanced inputs, high voltage outputs, and military grade internal components, the PEQ was the first true Sound Quality EQ for the car. The PEQ was followed a few years later by the Zapco PX. The PX was the first parametric EQ for the car. The 90’s brought the Zapco SX series of processors with Zapco parametric equalization, high voltage outputs, fader, and bass to highs balance control. The SX became the new top dog of equalizers on the competition circuit.
In 2004, Zapco led the way to digital. When others were only talking about digital, Zapco offered the first computer controlled digital processing network for the car. The DC line was made up of a 6-channel, full function DSP processor, and a line of car audio amplifiers with full function DSP built right in. And, with Zapco’s DPN network you could use a single computer screen to move from amp to amp to make processing adjustments. In 2012 Zapco upgraded the DSP to the DSP-Z8 with more processing features and 8 output channels. In 2015 Zapco offered the DSP-Z8III and Z6III in more compact chassis for those who need to save space and don’t need to network with the amps.
In January 2017 Zapco Introduced the DSP-Z8 IV and a whole new level of sonic performance. The DSP-Z8 IV is an affordable DSP with sonic performance superior to many units twice it price, and a newly designed user interface that makes tuning a sound system a breeze.
​
Next up, Zapco introduces the ultimate in-car digital processors, the HDSP V-Series. The HDSP bring tuning features never before offered in a car DSP. HD is for the built-in HD player for high definition audio files. The HD processors can be controlled by direct USB connection to a PC, a Touch Screen Display or you can use the wireless portal with a “smart” device. We programmed the DSP chips to accept any number of different top-end components to provide the more fanatic audiophiles the ability to easily customize the units to their personal tastes.
Discover more about Zapco HDSP
Anchor 3
The Zapco
Competition
Amplifiers
Z-AP SERIES
An amplifier to set new sound quality standards for both home and car sound reproduction.
Z-SP SERIES
If you want competition level sound quality and want to blow the doors off at the same time.
Z-II SERIES
The ZII-Series, an amplifier that went straight to audio competition winners circle.
The new STUDIO Series
The Studio-X line of amplifiers from Zapco was designed specifically for today’s car audio market. The Studio-X compact chassis makes it an easy fit in any car and even in motorcycle fairings.
The square, low profile chassis also means it will be easy to trim out for a great looking installation so your system will look as awesome as it sounds. And speaking of sound...This is a Zapco amplifier and sound is what it’s all about. These are Class A/B Zapco amplifiers.
The Studio-X have the same high quality caps, op-amps, and bi-polar outputs that made the C2K and Reference series amps the industry standard for sound quality.
Reliability? Zapco defines reliability. It’s not at all unusual to see Zapco amps moved from car to car and from generation to generation. Zapco Amps produced in the ‘90 are still being traded and bought on the internet by sound quality fans world wide. The Studio-x will be no different.
These amps are built to last. See the Studio-X amps at a dealer today.
Discover more about Studio Series
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.zapco.com/privacy:
top of page
Privacy Policy
Welcome to ZAPCO's website. ZAPCO collects personal information to provide you with a personalized on-line experience.
You may visit this site anonymously, without revealing any personal information. When you need additional information writing to us, ZAPCO will request personal information to provide you with a specific product, service, or information, to better understand and communicate with you and to better improve our goods and services.
This information may include your name, shipping address, telephone numbers and e-mail address. Personal information is only collected when necessary to provide a product, service, or information. By providing such information, you are agreeing to allow ZAPCO to use the information provided to complete the communication.
The processing of personal data collected from the person concerned or from third parties is for purposes related to:
1. To comply with laws related to civil, tax, accounting regulations; administrative management of the relation; contractual obligations; technical support and technical information about the products you have purchased.
2. These activities may also be provided by persons who cooperate with ZAPCO and to which, therefore, the Company shall notify the data such as:
- Part of the Company supply chain
- Technical consultants and other persons who perform activities on behalf of Company
- Public Authorities or agencies in respect of which the reporting is required by law;
- Auditors and certification agencies;
- Companies that provide computer and data matching, data storage, etc...
3. For commercial and marketing aim, such as information and promotion of products and services, evaluating quality of products / services, market research, interactive business communications, both by ourselves and by our affiliates, commercial partners etc. ..
The ZAPCO website may include links to other websites. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that ZAPCO does not own or control, or to people that ZAPCO does not employ or manage.
ZAPCO cannot be held responsible for personal information voluntarily disclosed by you to third parties. Please safeguard your personal information.
bottom of page