Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 1, 2021
Last Updated: December 16, 2024
GENERAL
Welcome to the Privacy Policy of DogPack App Inc.  (“DogPack”, "us", "we", or "our"). We provide a digital platform that helps dog owners find dog parks and dog friendly areas, dog friendly businesses, and dog friends worldwide. Users can upload media, check-in and out of parks, send messages, and earn Treats. Treats are an in-app currency on the DogPack App which are redeemable for free gifts, which are offered by DogPack and offered by our partners in return for exposure on the DogPack app & website. We operate www.dogpackapp.com and shop.dogpackapp.com and the DogPack mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service", the “App”).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data we collect, and how we use and share that data. Please read this Privacy Policy before using our Service or submitting any Personal Data to DogPack and contact us at supportdog@dogpackapp.com if you have any questions.
When you contact us or interact with our Service we collect information that alone or in combination with other information could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”) as follows:
Account Data: When you sign up, information such as your username and email address is required to create an account on our service. In the case that you register for your account with ‘Private Apple ID’, your email address will not be shared with us.
Information We Receive From Your Use of Our Service: When you visit, use, interact and register with the Service, we may automatically receive certain information about your visit, use, interactions or registration. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit our Site or our App, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited on our Site or App, the domains our visitors come from (e.g.; google.com, yahoo.com, bing.com, etc.), and which browsers people use to access and visit our Site (e.g., Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, etc.), broad geographical information, and Site and DogPack App navigation patterns. In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
Log Data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site or the App. Log data includes your IP address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site or the App.
Cookies Data: We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and administer our Site and DogPack App, make making it easier for you to use the Site and App during future visits, and gather usage data on our Site and App. For more information about the technologies used and information collected on our Site and App, please refer to our Cookie Policy, which forms part of this Privacy Policy.
Device Data: Includes the name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings. We may also collect data from your device to estimate a variety of metrics like the time, frequency and duration of aggregate user activities for the purpose of calculating Usage and Activity Data.
Usage and Activity Data: We collect information about how users use our Site and App, such as the types of content that’s viewed or engaged with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. Using this information allows us to accurately reward users with “Badges” and “Treats”. This information is not shared with anybody and is kept separate from your personal details, and associated only with your unique User ID. Please refer to our Terms and Conditions for a full description of “Badges” and “Treats”.
Geolocation Data: If you have enabled location services for DogPack App on your mobile device, we may collect your precise location information based on city, state, province, territory, zip code, country, latitude and longitude. We may also derive your approximate location from the IP address of your computer or mobile device. Geolocation data is used for purposes of directing you and checking you in-to and out-of dog parks and dog friendly areas and offering other relevant content and services.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data to enable your use of our Service, including to create your account, identify, and direct you to dog parks and dog friendly areas, and give you customer support. We also use Personal Data as necessary for the following legitimate business interests:
To communicate with you and respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback or questions.
To manage our relationship with you, which includes sending administrative information to you relating to our Service and changes to our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policies and other policies.
To analyze how you interact with our Service and provide, maintain and improve the content and functionality of the Service and our customer relationships and experiences, develop our business and inform our marketing strategy, through the use of cookies and similar technologies as described in our Cookie Policy.
To enable us to enhance and personalize the experience we offer to our users. When you allow us to temporarily use your precise location information, we can provide essential features of the Service such as rewarding “Badges” and “Treats” and checking in-to and out-of of dog parks and dog friendly areas.
To administer and protect DogPack, the Site and the App. To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of DogPack, the Site or the App. To ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks (including troubleshooting, testing, system maintenance, support and hosting of data); and
To comply with legal obligations, legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or other third parties, and enforce our terms and policies.
For information about what we mean by legitimate interests and the rights of individuals in the European Union (“EU”), please see the “EU Users” section below.
In some cases, we process your Personal Data, based on your consent. For example when your consent is needed under the applicable law before setting cookies on your computer or other device (pursuant to our Cookie Policy), when you grant us access to your location or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
Marketing: We may contact you to provide information we believe will be of interest to you. For instance, if you elect to provide your email address, we may use that information to send you promotional information regarding DogPack. You may opt out of receiving emails by following the instructions contained in each promotional email we send you or by contacting supportdog@dogpackapp.com. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, you will no longer receive marketing communications but we will continue to contact you regarding our Site and Services and to respond to your requests. Any unsubscribe from a marketing list may take up to 5 business days to go into effect.
4. BUSINESS PINS
Businesses or individuals who elect to use the Business Pins service as outlined in “Section 10: Business Pins” in the DogPack Terms & Conditions agree to make the following information (if provided to DogPack) public to users of the DogPack app.
Name
General Location (e.g. Toronto) and approximate distance from the user.
Contact details including but not limited to a phone number and email address
Website and social media accounts
The services offered by your business
Photographs provided by your business
5. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS DISCLOSURES
Privacy Rights: Where provided for by law and subject to any applicable exceptions, California residents may have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”):
To know the categories of Personal Data that DogPack has collected about you, the business purpose for collecting your Personal Data, and the categories of sources from which the Personal Data was collected.
To access the specific pieces of Personal Data that DogPack has collected about you.
To know whether DogPack has disclosed your Personal Data for business purposes, the categories of Personal Data so disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your Personal Data
To have DogPack, under certain circumstances, delete your Personal Data; and
To be free from discrimination related to the exercise of these CCPA rights.
DogPack does not sell your Personal Data. If you would like to exercise any or all of these rights, you may do so by contacting supportdog@dogpackapp.com. Your authorized agent may submit requests in the same manner. Once we receive your request, we will verify your identity by sending an email to the email address you provide to us. If you have questions about your rights or our disclosures under the CCPA, or to request access to an alternative format of this notice, you may reach us at supportdog@dogpackapp.com.
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third party service providers, including Facebook, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and Apple, may use cookies, or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site and use that information to send targeted advertisements. Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. Please refer to future versions of our Privacy Policy for information regarding updates on DNT signals.
6. HOW WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE PERSONAL DATA
In certain circumstances we may share your Personal Data with third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law, as set forth below:
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with service providers, including hosting, cloud services and other information technology services providers; email communication software providers and email newsletter providers; database and sales services; customer relationship management, customer engagement, and customer feedback services; security services; and analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider, your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with legal or regulatory obligations, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site and/or App, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DogPack is based in Canada. If you are accessing our Service from the USA, EU or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transferred to and stored in Canada as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). Canada may have data protection laws less stringent than, or otherwise different from, the laws in effect in the country in which you are located.
8. EU USERS
Scope: This section applies to individuals in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, the United Kingdom, and, to the extent applicable, Switzerland).
Data Controller of DogPack: DogPack App Inc., is the data controller for the processing of your Personal Data. Please contact
supportdog@dogpackapp.com
for information about your personal data.
Privacy Officer of DogPack: Aryeh Punski is the Privacy Officer of DogPack App Inc.. You can contact him by emailing aryeh@dogpackapp.com.
Legal Bases for Processing. This Privacy Policy (the paragraph “How We Use Personal Data”) describes the legal bases we rely on for the processing of your Personal Data. Please contact us if you have any questions about the specific legal basis we are relying on to process your Personal Data.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “legitimate interests” means our interests in conducting our business and developing a business relationship with you. This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights. Unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise permitted by law, we will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests.
Your Rights. Pursuant to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data, under certain circumstances:
At DogPack, we are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This section outlines your rights and how we handle your personal data under the GDPR.
Data Collection and Use
We collect and process personal data, such as your name, email address, profile information, and usage data, to provide you with a personalized and seamless experience on DogPack App. We only collect the minimum amount of personal data necessary to deliver our services and improve the user experience.
Your Rights
Under GDPR, you have the following rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access: You can request information about the data we hold about you.
Right to Rectification: You can correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
Right to Erasure: You can request that we delete your personal data. Please note that there is a 30-day inactivity period before your account is permanently deleted after you request account deletion.
Right to Restriction: You can request that we limit the processing of your data under certain circumstances.
Right to Data Portability: You can request a copy of your data in a machine-readable format.
Right to Object: You can object to the processing of your personal data for certain purposes, such as direct marketing.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at supportdog@dogpackapp.com.
Data Retention and Account Deletion
When you choose to delete your account, we will initiate a 30-day inactivity period during which your account will be deactivated. After this period, your account and associated personal data will be permanently deleted from our systems. During this 30-day period, you can still reactivate your account by logging in, and the deletion process will be canceled.
Data Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse. We continuously monitor and update our security practices to ensure the safety of your data.
Data Transfers
Your personal data may be transferred to and processed in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We ensure that any such transfers are carried out in compliance with GDPR requirements and that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your data.
Contact Us
For any questions regarding this privacy policy or our data protection practices, or to exercise your rights under GDPR, please contact us at:
Email: supportdog@dogpackapp.com
Address: 9999 Cavendish Boulevard, Suite 101, Saint-Laurent, QC, H4M 2X5, Canada
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data -- unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or we need to process your data in order to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing. We may keep minimum information about you in order to ensure your choices are respected in the future and to comply with data protection laws.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
9. QUEBEC LAW 25
Scope: This section applies to individuals in Quebec and individuals outside of Quebec in compliance with Quebec Law 25.
Data Controller of DogPack: DogPack App Inc., is the data controller for the processing of your Personal Data. Please contact
supportdog@dogpackapp.com
for information about your personal data.
Privacy Officer of DogPack: Aryeh Punski is the Privacy Officer of DogPack App Inc.. You can contact him by emailing aryeh@dogpackapp.com.
Legal Bases for Processing. This Privacy Policy (the paragraph “How We Use Personal Data”) describes the legal bases we rely on for the processing of your Personal Data. Please contact us the Privacy Officer of DogPack App Inc. if you have any questions about the specific legal basis we are relying on to process your Personal Data.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “legitimate interests” means our interests in conducting our business and developing a business relationship with you. This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights. Unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise permitted by law, we will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests.
Your Rights: Pursuant to Quebec Law 25, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data, under certain circumstances:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may charge a fee, based on the circumstances.
Right to Privacy by Default: DogPack will not track any personal data or information unless express consent is granted.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we share your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. We will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly, in cases where it is legally permitted to do so.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you withdraw your consent. If we share your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. We will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly, in cases where it is legally permitted to do so.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we share your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. We will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly, in cases where it is legally permitted to do so.
Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you, and that is processed by automated means. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data -- unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or we need to process your data in order to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing. We may keep minimum information about you in order to ensure your choices are respected in the future and to comply with data protection laws.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
Please see the “Contact Us” section below for information on how to exercise your rights or contact the Privacy Officer of DogPack App Inc. directly by emailing aryeh@dogpackapp.com.
Should you wish for your information or your Personal Data to be permanently destroyed from DogPack databases, DogPack will to the best of its abilities erase any of your Personal Data. Personal information, whether on a hard or electronic copy, may be shredded, incinerated, or destroyed in an irreversible manner. Electronic data and media will be destroyed beyond recovery through, but not limited to, overwriting the software and data on which your personal information is stored with non-sensitive material.
In the event of a data breach, DogPack will notify, in a reasonable time period, any individual who had or may have had information compromised during the incident.
A user can also elect to delete their DogPack Account through the “Settings” tab in the app. A user who deletes their account will have all of their personal information and personal data destroyed from DogPack databases.
Please note that a user who deletes their account or has their account deleted by DogPack on behalf of the user, may still have their email included in DogPack mailing lists and can choose to have their email erased from the email lists and destroyed from DogPack databases by clicking on ‘unsubscribe’, by following instructions in a DogPack newsletter or other promotional email, or by contacting any representative of DogPack App Inc., including the Privacy Officer.
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Service, and our business may change from time to time. As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law.  We will notify users via email or app notifications for significant changes to the Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
11.  SECURITY
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. These measures include encryption, secure servers, access controls, and regular system monitoring to maintain the integrity of our services.
Important Considerations:
While we strive to implement industry-standard security measures, no method of data transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure. You acknowledge and agree that any personal data shared with us is done at your own discretion and risk.
To enhance security, we encourage users to take precautions such as using strong passwords, enabling two-factor authentication (if available), and avoiding sharing sensitive information through unsecured email or messaging platforms.
Breach Notification:
In the event of a data breach, DogPack will notify affected individuals and relevant authorities within a reasonable time frame, in accordance with applicable laws. Notifications will include the nature of the breach, the affected data, and measures to mitigate potential harm.
If you have concerns about the security of your information, please contact us at supportdog@dogpackapp.com
12. Retention and Destruction of Personal Information
The personal information we collect is retained for varying periods, depending on the type of information and the purposes for which it was collected and used. DogPack retains data as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and meet legitimate business needs.
Retention Periods:
Account Information: Retained for the duration of the user’s account and up to 12 months following account deletion to comply with legal requirements or resolve disputes.
Location Data: Retained for up to 12 months for the purposes of improving app functionality and user experience.
Marketing Preferences: Retained until the user opts out of receiving marketing communications.
Once the retention period expires, we will securely destroy or anonymize the data. Personal information on hard or electronic copies may be shredded, incinerated, or destroyed in an irreversible manner. Electronic data is destroyed beyond recovery through methods such as overwriting stored data with non-sensitive material.
If you wish to learn more about specific retention periods or request the deletion of your data, please contact our Privacy Officer.
13.  YOUR CHOICES
Whether or not you provide Personal Data to us is based solely on your own discretion, but if you choose not to provide information that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features. You can also contact us to request access to your data or to ask us to update, correct, or delete your Personal Data. Most settings for what you share with DogPack will be manageable by finding DogPack on your list of apps in your phones ‘Settings’, and then managing the permissions from there.
14. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Site and/or App, please feel free to contact us at supportdog@dogpackapp.com.