Skip to main content
×
×
AI in Mapal unlocks operational data and simplifies tasks, enabling faster, smarter decisions every time.
Find out more
Privacy Policy
You are here:
Mapal OS
Privacy Policy
MAPAL highly values confidentiality and security. We are committed to guaranteeing your privacy at all times and not collecting unnecessary information. Please find all information you might need about our privacy policy on the personal data we collect below. We will explain:
Who is responsible for processing your data (the controller).
Why we collect the data we ask for.
Our reasons for processing your data.
How long we will keep your data.
Who we will transfer your data to.
What your rights are.
1. Controller:
MAPAL SOFTWARE, S.L. (B85594752)
C/ del Arte, 21 6ºB
Madrid 28033, Spain
hello@mapal-os.com
Data Protection Officer:
Lant Abogados (Lant Advisors, S.L.P.); emails:
dpo@mapal-os.com
or
mapal@delegado-datos.com
2. Purposes, justification and retention of data processed sent through the
:
CONTACT FORM.
Purpose:
This offers you a way to contact us and answer your requests for information. We send you commercial information about our products and services, including by email, and share your data with other Mapal companies (Flow Hospitality LTD, Ideolys SAS & GetCompliant) so that they can also contact you with personalised offers if you have ticked the relevant box.
Justification
: You consent when you ask us for information through our contact form and for sending first-party and third-party information if you have ticked the acceptance box.
Retention:
Once we have answered your request through our form or by email, if no new processing requests have been generated and if you have agreed to receive marketing emails, we keep your data until you unsubscribe from them.
SENDING EMAILS.
Purpose:
We respond to your requests for information, reply to inquiries, and answer your queries or concerns.
Justification:
You consent when you request information by email.
Retention:
If no new request has been generated, we erase your data once your request has been answered by email.
SENDING A CV BY EMAIL OR THROUGH THE APPLICATION FORM.
Purpose:
We have your CV so that you can participate in our staff recruitment processes.
Justification:
You consent by sending us your personal data and CV for a staff recruitment process.
Retention:
We keep your data during open staff recruitment processes and for one year after that for future processes.
SUBSCRIPTION TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Purpose:
We send you our marketing newsletter and informative and advertising communications about our products or services that interest you, including electronically (email, SMS, WhatsApp).
Justification:
You consent when you subscribe to our marketing emails and/or newsletters.
Retention:
We keep your data until you revoke your consent and unsubscribe from the service.
Your obligation to provide us with your personal data and the consequences of not doing so.
You must be at least 18 to provide us with personal data or, where appropriate, have sufficient legal capacity to enter into contracts.
The personal data requested are necessary to process your requests and/or provide you with services you may purchase. If you do not provide it, we cannot respond properly or provide you with the requested service.
Additional information on software licence contracts and service contracts with MAPAL.
When entering into a software licence and service contract with MAPAL, a data processing agreement will be included in an annex per Article 28 of the GDPR.
If parties involved have to download a MAPAL application for performance of a service requested by our clients, this application contains Conditions of Use and a Privacy Policy that can be viewed by the interested party at any time in that application.
3. Recipients of your data
Your data is confidential and will not be transferred to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so.
If you have ticked the box to do so on the online contact forms
www.mapal-os.com
, your data will be communicated to the following companies of the Mapal commercial group so that they can also contact you with personalised offers:
Flow Hospitality Ltd with registered office at Apex 3, 2nd floor (rear office), 95 Haymarket Terrace, Edinburgh, EH12 5HD, United Kingdom.
Ideolys SAS with registered office at 52 Rue Jacques-Yves Cousteau, 8500 La Roche-sur-Yon, France.
GetCompliant 2013 AB with registered office at Hornsbruksgatan 23b, Stockholm 117 34, Sweden.
4. Your personal data rights
You may revoke your consent for processing your data at any time.
You can also exercise the following rights:
Request access to your personal data or rectify if when it is inaccurate.
Ask for it to be erased when the data is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, for instance.
Ask for the processing of your data to be restricted in certain circumstances.
Oppose the processing of your data for personal reasons.
Request portability of your data in the cases provided for in the regulation.
Other rights recognised in the applicable regulation.
Where and how to exercise your rights: write to the controller’s address or email (see section A), stating the reference ‘Personal Data’ and specifying the right you wish to exercise and which personal data this concerns.
In the event of a conflict with the company regarding how your data is processed, you can lodge a claim with the Spanish Data Protection Authority (
www.agpd.es
).
5. Cookies
This website uses technical, customisation, analytical and advertising first-party and third-party cookies that process connection and/or device data as well as browsing habits for statistical and advertising purposes.
When you visit our website, in compliance with Section 22 of the Spanish Information Society Services Law, we request your consent for the use of the cookies as mentioned above, and provide information about them.
6. Security of your personal data
In order to safeguard the security of your personal data, we inform you that we have adopted all necessary technical and organisational measures to guarantee that the personal data provided is protected from alteration, loss, and unauthorised processing or access.
7. Updating your data
It is important that you inform us whenever there has been any change in your personal data so that we can keep it updated. We cannot be held responsible for its accuracy if you do not.
We waive all liability from the privacy policy concerning personal data that you may provide to third parties through links on our website.
This privacy policy may be modified to adapt it to changes on our website and in the event of legislative or case law changes concerning personal data. Please read the privacy policy each time you provide us with your data through this website.
MAPAL website uses its own and third-party cookies for technical, personalisation, analysis and advertising purposes. These cookies process connection and/or device data as well as navigation behaviour to offer you a smoother browsing experience, analyse website usage statistics and to personalise advertising to suit your interests.
More information
.
Change settings
Accept