Cookie Notice
Updated on 24/01/2024
Contact Details
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer.  If you have any questions about this Data Protection Statement or the way in which your Personal Data is being used by us, please contact:
Data Protection Officer
Address:
Floor 1, Heron House, Blackpool, Cork, T23 R50R, Ireland,
Email:
dataprotectionofficer@atlantiatrials.com
Telephone:
+353 (0)21 430 7442
Our website is:
www.atlantiaclinicaltrials.com
This Cookie Notice explains how we use Cookies on our website
www.atlantiaclinicaltrials.com
.
It is a declaration of the cookies that are active on our website, the purpose of the cookies and what they track. This Cookie Notice also provides you with information on how to opt out of the cookies being used.
Further information about our use of cookies can be found in our
Data Protection Statement.
WHAT ARE COOKIES
Cookies are text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit which are then used to record information about your visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website and to third parties.
Cookies help us to remember things about your visit to our website, such as your preferred language and other choices/settings and to generally make the site easier for you to use.
They may also be used to collect information about you in order to deliver advertisements.
COOKIE DETAILS
Further information on the cookies we use on
www.atlantiaclinicaltrials.com
and how to manage them is set out below.
COOKIE
PURPOSE
RETENTION
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation. We also set a cookie to remember your cookie preferences between visits which we also categorise as a necessary cookie.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
CookieConsent
(The “Cookie” cookie)
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
3 Months
ASP.NET_SessionId
General purpose platform session cookie used by sites written with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies.
Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
Session
User Preference Cookies
User preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Analytics Cookies
Web Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information about the users visit to the site.
_ga
_ga cookie is placed by Google Analytics to store a unique user ID, it expires after 1 minute.
1 minute
_gid
_gid cookie is placed by Google Analytics to count and track pageviews and expires after 1 day
1 day
_gat_gtag_UA_<Property_ID>
_gat_gtag_UA cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the site’s analytics reports.
1 year
Marketing Cookies / Advertising Cookies [Choose]
Marketing cookies are set by us or by external advertisers to learn about a website visitor's overall online behaviours, such as websites they frequently visit, purchases, and interests that they have shown on various websites.
They allow internet advertisers to provide targeted advertising content based on user profiles.
Bscookie
Bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
These cookies store the users secure browser ID for LinkedIn Advertising & Targeting purposes
1 year
MANAGING COOKIES
We provide a cookie consent management tool that can be accessed at all times from a small widget on the bottom left corner of our website. You can vary consent for cookies at any time while visiting the website by interacting with this tool. Any change in consent will have immediate effect on the cookies that are dropped onto your device.
You can also adjust your browser settings to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer. Most browsers provide tools to enable you to set global settings regarding your cookie preferences.
These tools are usually to be found in the settings menu on your browser in a “Privacy & Security” menu item.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy settings, and these are not endorsed by us. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these third-party websites. Please undertake the appropriate due diligence before submitting any information to these websites.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS COOKIE NOTICE
We will post any changes to our Cookie Notice on the Website and when doing so will change the effective date at the top of this Cookie Notice. We will also update our Cookie Consent Management Tool.