Privacy policy
For any further assistance, please email
legal@spike.sh
Spike is owned by FatSync software private limited
This privacy policy sets out how “FATSYNC” uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
“FATSYNC” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
“FATSYNC” may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from August 8, 2019.
"FatSync" operates the ‘*spike.sh’, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email id, phone number, name of organization.
All the data received from your integrations will be stored on our server.
We may collect Google user data, such as name, email address, and other information, when you use our service in connection with Google services. This data is used to provide and improve our services, sending notifications, and enabling service features.
DATA SHARING AND RETENTION
"FATSYNC" does not sell, trade, or otherwise share any user data, including Google user data, with third parties. We will only disclose user data if required by law or when necessary to protect our legal rights.
"FATSYNC" will retain user data, including Google user data, for as long as necessary to provide our services or as required by law. If you would like your data to be deleted, you may request this by contacting us at
support@spike.sh
. Upon receiving a valid request, we will delete your data within 30 days, unless we are legally required to retain it for a longer period or have legitimate business reasons to do so.
This includes sharing data with trusted subprocessors and vendors who assist us in operational tasks, such as data hosting and analytics. All such subprocessors operate under strict confidentiality agreements and are compliant with GDPR and other relevant privacy regulations. We will only disclose user data if required by law or to protect our legal rights. A list of our subprocessors and vendors can be made available upon request by contacting us at
support@spike.sh
.
LOG DATA
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as browser type, browser version, and the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this.
We collect this information in order to build better services for our customers.
COOKIES
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, we at Fatsync strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information.
“FATSYNC” never sells any data of our customers to any third party.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (August 8, 2019) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.