Privacy Policy
Noteful Technologies Ltd (the “Company”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. By using our app Noteful (the “App”) or by visiting our website, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. Our app and website may contain links to other sites and products and we are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of other companies. When using a link to another company, you should read the privacy policies of that company.
What information do we collect?
Our intention is to protect individual users by collecting and analyzing their information in aggregate form to make an informed decision about the product you will receive, without revealing personal information. These statistics are not used to identify users by name, but to improve our product. Our products and the website automatically collect data on device type, operating system, and the user experience. This information is solely used to improve and optimize the user experience.
Information we do not collect
The company cannot access any files you import into the app or content you create in the app. The company does not collect any personally identifiable information on the website or in the application, unless it's absoutely required for the functionality of certain features. In that case, users can fully disable the feature.
What we do with the information?
We only collect information that we need to develop and improve the user experience and the product or website. No personally identifiable information is collected and all information is anonymized and aggregated before use. We neither rent nor sell any information we collect.
Email Communications
In the event you send us an email or communicate with us through a social network, we'll use that information to serve you through that channel.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Whenever we make changes to the way we use information, we will update this page. The information we collect is subject to the current Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
Questions or Concerns
To contact us regarding privacy questions or concerns, please email us at info@getnoteful.com. We will do our best to answer your questions or resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: 29 Sep 2021