Hobo CEO
App
in
United States
Thank you for your interest in Hobo CEO. The App is referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “Service.” The App is pleased to provide this privacy policy to inform you of our practices with respect to how we collect and use personal information in connection with your use of the Service.
The data that we regularly collect about users of the App (e.g. pages accessed, duration of use, error logs, interactions, etc.) does not enable us to personal identify you, and that is not our intention. Any usage statistics are used to improve performance, design and overall user experience and the data received is anonymized since there is no account or personal details required.
We do not knowingly collect personal information relating to children. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from anyone under 13 years of age without prior parental consent, we will take steps to promptly delete such information. Age rating recommended is 17+.
Hobo CEO reserves the right to change this privacy policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Service will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
The App is provided from the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union (EU) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personal data you consent to:
The use of your personal data for the purposes identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and The transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.
Hobo CEO does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. We may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so. Accordingly, we welcome your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have, including how we can improve this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with it.
If you need to contact us, you can find our email listed in the "Version History" on our AppStore Page.