DharMann.com Privacy Policy
This policy is effective as of October 20, 2020.
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing your personal data you have provided to us on https://dharmann.com (our “Website”), and how this data will be processed. Please read the following information carefully, to be sure you understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will manage it. We may update this Policy from time to time (see “Changes to our Privacy Policy”, below). Your continued access or use of the Website means you accept those changes to the Policy, so please check the effective date at the top of this Policy to ensure you are viewing the most current version.
As an organization, we are subject to the regulatory and enforcement authority of the United States Federal Trade Commission. The person responsible for managing data processes and protection at dharmann.com is the Data Protection Officer, who can be reached at: suport@dharmann.com.
By visiting www.dharmann.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Policy.
What Is Personal Data?
In the US, there isn’t currently one single federal law which defines personal data (or regulates its protection and security) but the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) defines personal data as any information which could identify you, including your name, address and email address and IP address.
Special category data is more sensitive, such as information about your health or ethnic origin. We don’t collect special categories of personal data but we do collect personal data.
When And How We Collect Personal Data
You can visit our Website and read information about us and our products and services without revealing any personally identifiable information. However, if you want to become a customer, you must purchase one or more of our products and setup an account with us.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, and/or additional information as listed in our checkout form.
What Personal Data Do We Collect And Why?
Comments
When users leave comments on the site, we collect: the data entered into the comments form provided, the user’s IP address, and the browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (known as a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Reviews & Testimonials
When registered users write reviews and testimonials of our products and services it is displayed on our website in various locations, such as reviews section on homepage, our reviews page, as well as our Shop. The profile picture of the user is publicly visible.
Media
Profile images are used when displaying any reviews or testimonials left by the user (optional), which can be found on our reviews and testimonials pages. These images may also be used to send you personalized email messages related to your order or transaction. If you upload images to our website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. To know more on how to remove GPS and other metadata locations from images please click here.
Name, E-mail, Phone Number, Billing and Shipping Addresses
In order to be considered our customer, it is required for you to place an order on our website. Your personal data is required on our checkout page, in order to place the order successfully and create an account (optional). If you choose not to provide us the personal data required on checkout, you can not be a customer of dharmann.com. If you choose to opt-into text messaging (SMS and MMS) communiciations, we will also send you text messages relating to your transactions, marketing and promotional materials, or both.
Payment Information
If you make a purchase on the Site, we will collect your credit or debit card number, expiration date, and other payment details (collectively, “Payment Information”). We may provide Payment Information and other personal information to our third party payment processors in order to complete purchases made on the Site. Pursuant to the “Who do we share personal data with?” section below, our third party payment processors are bound by contractual obligations to keep such personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. However, we are not responsible for our third party payment processors’ use of any Payment Information or other personal information they collect in connection with your transactions on the Site. dharmann.com does not store Payment Information, but rather communicates a related token to identify our Payment Processor to process a transaction.
Products You’ve Viewed
We’ll use this to facilitate your online experience, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed in the event you want to return to them more easily.
Location, IP Address & Browser
We’ll use these for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping, which vary based on location, and fraud prevention.
Browser Cookies
We use cookies or similar technologies, which store certain information on your computer and allows us to, among other things, administer the Website and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. For more information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
In A Nutshell…
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To personalize your experience: your information helps us better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions: your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic communications: the email address and mobile number you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
To comply with legal requirements and assist law enforcement.
To investigate fraud and enforce our Terms and Conditions.
For the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information.
As otherwise permitted with your consent.
Legal Bases for Processing your Personal Data
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Contractual Necessity: To provide you with the dharmann.com service and perform the contract that you have with us.
Legitimate Interests: It is in our legitimate interests to improve and analyze our Website, promote our products, prevent fraudulent transactions, maintain security of our Website, and provide functionality.
Consent: In instances where we ask for consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. Please see the Contact Us section or more information.
What Happens If You Choose Not To Give Us Your Personal Data?
If you do not wish to provide us with the personal data which we need from our customers (in order to create an account, and for payment and shipping of products), you will not be able to order our products or services.
You can control what data you give us (see How To Control What Personal Data You Provide), but please know that we cannot fulfill your customer requests without personal data such as identity or payment information.
Who Do We Share Personal Data With?
There are likely to be times when we must share some of your personal data with others, for example: when the law requires us to, to enforce our rights, to protect others (such as fraud prevention), if we sell all or part of our business or dharmann.com is otherwise acquired by someone else. We may also:
Allow authorized third parties (for a list of our authorized third parties,
see here
) to track and store information about visitors to our website (including IP addresses)
Disclose your personal data to those who are providing services to us if they have appropriate processes to protect it (such as our Payment Processor, as discussed above.)
Otherwise we will only share your personal information if you have consented.
Retention Period
We will continue to process your data for the period of time required to satisfy the purposes for which it was collected. For example, with reference to our subscription services your data will be processed for the period in which these services will be provided, and sometimes after the end of their provision. The data will be processed only for the period necessary to achieve such goals. For all other purposes of processing your data, as listed above (e.g., marketing of our products or services), your personal data will again be processed for the period of time required for these purposes, or until you object to us so doing.
Your Legal Rights
dharmann.com will respect your legal rights to your data as listed below:
The right to access your personal data.
The right to rectify or erase your personal data (“right to be forgotten.”)
The right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to the processing of your personal data (to the extent to which it is processed, as it is necessary for our legitimate interests).
The right to withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data (although the withdrawal of consent does not affect the compliance of the processing that was made on its basis, before the withdrawal of consent).
The right to data portability.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act may provide you with privacy rights, including applicable rights and disclosures stated in this Policy. For more information on how to exercise your rights, please see “How to Control What Personal Data You Provide” below or contact us using the contact information provided below (see Contacting Us). We do not sell your Personal Information with nonaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
International Jurisdictions and Transfers Outside the EEA (European Economic Area)
Our Website, products, and services are hosted and offered in the United States of America (US), If you are accessing the Website from another country, please be advised that you may be transferring your personal information to us in the US, and you consent to that transfer, processing and storage of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. You also agree to abide by the applicable laws of applicable US federal, state, and local laws concerning your use of the Services and your agreements with us. Any persons accessing our Services from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet, including the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information, different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the Services in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction. If your use of the Services would be unlawful in your jurisdiction, you may not use our Services.
Security
We use physical, technical and organizational measures designed to protect your information against unauthorized access, theft and loss. We restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information to service your account or perform their job functions.
Although we take precautions intended to help protect information that we process, no system or electronic data transmission is completely secure. Any transmission of your personal data is at your own risk and we expect that you will use appropriate security measures to protect your personal information.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and the information in your account. We may suspend your use of all or part of the Website without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. You understand and agree that we may deliver electronic notifications about breaches of security to the email address on record on your account.
How To Control What Personal Data You Provide
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us directly or that gathered as a result of your willing transactions/engagement with us (as discussed in this policy.) You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Service    Action
Opt out/in of any tracking initiated by personalization experiences from dharmann.com
Opt out/in of any tracking initiated by google anlytics
If you are logged in then you will be provided with the option below to opt in/out of different communication and notification services and ability to request account deletion and data erasure.
Please login if you are a customer.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the privacy policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on October 1, 2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding our privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Dhar Mann Studios
3751 S Hill St, Unit E
Los Angeles, CA 90007
USA
Email: support@dharmann.com
USA
Email: support@dharmann.com
Work with us
Choose Your Destiny
We want to help you discover a more beautiful you! Join a team that goes beyond the glam to build leaders, embraces individuality, and gives everyone the opportunity to grow.
We create short, motivational cinematic videos to inspire people. And we'd love for you to join us on this movement to spreads positivity around the world!