Last revised on May 11, 2023
Introduction
Thank you for choosing Audero!
At Audero, protecting your private information is our priority and we are committed to being upfront about it. Audero respects the privacy needs and concerns of our customers. We appreciate the trust you place in us when you choose to visit our websites, make use of our App and Services and we take that responsibility seriously.
This Privacy Policy explains how Audero (“Audero”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you (“Information”) when you access to the website, www.aiero.me (or any successor site, the “Website”), mobile application, together with any content, tools, features and functionality offered on or through our Website (the “Services”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.
1. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use the Services, we may collect Information in the following categories:
“Personal Information”, which means information that identifies you (whether directly or indirectly), such as your email address; and
“Non-Personal Information”, which means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, you. If Non-Personal Information is directly or indirectly associated with Personal Information, this Non-Personal Information is then treated as Personal Information.
Information we may collect about you includes:
Information you provide when you post content through the Services, including your username and email address.
Usage, viewing and technical Information, including the number of likes given on the Website per use session, your IP address or device identifier when you use the Services. If you access your account from a mobile device, that mobile device may also provide us with details of your location. Most mobile devices allow you to disable this functionality.
2. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect Information you provide to us through the Services.
We collect Information through unique identifiers (such as IP address or your mobile device advertising identifier).
We use your browser’s local storage and other technologies to store data that enable us to better understand and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of our Services.
You may clear local storage by changing the settings on your browser, phone and/or device. Check your browser or device’s help or support menu for further information. Remember that, if you disable cookies or local storage, it is likely to affect how the Services work and you may not be able to access or use certain features of the Services.
We use third parties’ analytic and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Services, how people are using the Services and how to improve the effectiveness of the Services and the content thereon. Those third party companies may use cookies, pixel tags or other technologies to collect and store Non-Personal Information such as time of visit, pages visited, number of likes given, time spent on each page of the Service, device identifiers, type of operating system used and other website(s) you may have visited. They might combine Information they collect from your interaction with Service with Personal Information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties' use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Online Tracking
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. Aiero and the Services do not recognize DNT.
3. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY AUDERO
The ways in which we may use your Information include the following:
To provide you with the Services and other services you request.
To communicate with you about features of the Services or changes to our policies.
To create anonymized and aggregated data sets that may be used for a variety of functions, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and other functions.
To ensure consistency with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you.
To personalize content and experiences.
To detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
To optimize or improve the content, products, services, and features of the Services.
To personalize and improve the Services and user experiences, to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of the Services, to deliver content or features that match user profiles or interests.
To monitor and analyze the Services usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the services.
To send you offers and promotions for our other services.
4. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER COMPANIES
We will not share your Personal Information outside Audero except in the following limited circumstances which you consent to:
When you allow us to share your Personal Information with another company, such as directing us to share your Personal Information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
When we contract or partner with a third party to provide services on our behalf, which we do for Services development and maintenance. We require all third parties to process your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
In connection with the sale of a business (including merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a material portion of our assets, change in corporate control, or insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings).
To enforce our Terms of Service or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our users and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our users and third parties, to comply with legal process, including judicial warrant, rule, order or subpoena or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law or regulation.
In addition, we may share Non-Personal Information and anonymized and aggregated data sets with third parties, alone or in combination with the Non-Personal Information of other users.
We sell Subscriptions to our Services. When you make purchases through the Services, we process your payments through a third-party application, including the Apple App Store (together with any similar applications, “App Stores”). The third-party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of Audero, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.
5. POSTING ON THE SERVICES
If you post comments or otherwise make available any content through the Services, you will be identified by the username and email address you submit at the time of your content submission. All posts published on the Website are public. Please consider carefully any content, Information or other materials that you post, upload, submit or otherwise make available through the Services.
6. YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your Information. You may request access to the Personal Information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it.
You may exercise your controls and choices, or request access to your Personal Information, by contacting us at contact@aiero.me. Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect Personal Information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain services to you, and you will not be permitted to post, upload, submit or otherwise make available any content through the Services. If you have questions regarding the specific Personal Information about you that we process or retain, please contact us at contact@aiero.me.
7. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND LINKS
Our Services may contain links to other online platforms operated by third parties. We do not control such other online platforms and are not responsible for their content, their privacy policies, or their use of your Personal Information. Our inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content on such platforms or of their owners or operators except as disclosed on the Services.
Please keep in mind that Information you post on the Website is public, and may be viewable by other users of the Services and/or users of those third-party online platforms. When you provide Information to a third-party online platform, the Information you provide may be separately collected by that third-party. The Information the third-party online platform collects is subject to the third-party online platform’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you make on the third-party online platform will not apply to our use of the Information we collect directly through our Services.
We expressly disclaims any and all liability for the actions of third parties, including but without limitation to actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of Personal Information by third parties.
8. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not seek or knowingly collect any Personal Information about children under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years of age, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has provided us with Personal Information, you may contact us to request it be deleted.
9. DATA SECURITY, INTEGRITY AND RETENTION
Please note that Information you send to us electronically may not be secure when it is transmitted to us. We recommend that you do not use insecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential Information to us. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your Personal Information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or for legitimate business purposes, or as provided by law.
10. UPDATING THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in which case we will update the “Last Revised” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make changes that are material, we will use reasonable efforts to attempt to provide notice to you and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on the Services, or by other means, consistent with applicable law. However, it is your sole responsibility to review the Privacy Policy from time to time to view any such changes. The updated Privacy Policy will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may be specified in the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not accept and agree to this Privacy Policy, including any changes, then you must not access or use the services.
11. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: contact@aiero.me.