Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy and take it seriously. That's why are we hope that the following explanation will make it clear how we handle any Personally Identifiable Information (or "PII") that might be periodically collected via the Internet (or the "Google Play" Platform).
Non-personal data
Non-personal data is information that does not allow you to be identified personally. To manage the apps and communicate with you, we may gather non-personal data about your device, such its model number, operating system version, country code, and other details. This kind of information is crucial for identifying app crashes and billing problems.
Personal Data
Personal data is any information that can be used to precisely identify you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). Only with your permission do we gather and retain personal information. This data is only used to identify billing issues or refunds.
Location Data
We do not track location.
Advertising
We don't use third parties to promote within the app.
Analytics
In order to understand app usage better, we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics gathers data on the frequency with which users access our services, the pages they visit when doing so, and the websites they visited before accessing our services. We only utilize the data we collect from Google Analytics to enhance our services.
Contact us
It should be emphasized that sending us comments or bug reports is entirely up to your own discretion and voluntary initiative. We don't give any of the PII or aggregate information you offer us via email to any third parties.
Please feel free to email us at
support@veteasyapp.com
if you are concerned about the abuse of your personally identifiable information (PII) or if you would like more information about our privacy policy and what it entails. We will make every effort to respond to your questions clearly and promptly.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By clicking "accept", you agree to its use of cookies.
Cookie Policy
Reject
Accept