Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of Live Video Call. and Live Video Call with its plugins or related applications Live Video Call and its various & next versions (“Live Video Call”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) In this Privacy Policy, we refer to our products and services as the “Service.” Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. Your use of the Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service.
Privacy Principles
Jus has two fundamental principles when it comes to personal information:
1. We don't sell your personal information.
2. We only store the personal information that we need to operate our Service so you can communicate with the people you choose.
This Policy applies to anyone who accesses the Service. By visiting the Website and/or using the Apps or Service, you acknowledge that the collection, use, and sharing of your information will take place as described in this Policy.
So we are clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that is capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked with you, such as your name, email, or mobile number.
Collection of Information
Live Video Call must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services.
The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services. We require certain information to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your basic information (including a profile name of your choice and date of birth) to create an account to use our Services.
All the information collected above will not use to in anyway to track you it's just to show you for your Porifle
Your User Profile
The information you enter into your user profile (your “Profile”) may be shared with your Live Video Call contacts. You control your Profile and you can access and modify your Profile from the Live Video Call application at any time. and that will not be share to any where
Data Access and Removal
You can always control what information you choose to share with us on the Service. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely.
You can remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. We do not collect user's information from children under 18 years of age and we will never share user's information with any third party. We may send you rewarded info, friends info nearby by emails. If you do not want to receive emails, please click the "unsubcribe" at the bottom of emails. If you would like to communicate with us about this Privacy Policy or our collection and use of your information please contact us at contact.hookme@gmail.com
Any personally identifiable information that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or through the Live Video Call application with other users, or (ii) submit on a blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or to commit identity theft. Live Video Call is not responsible for any use or misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of information.
Service Providers
In certain instances, Live Video Call. and Live Video Call may have contracts with third parties to provide products and/or services in connection with the Service. In those cases, Live Video Call may share your personal information with Live Video Call’s third-party service providers, but only in connection with providing the services to you. For example, Live Video Call shares your phone number or email with third party SMS and email providers to deliver the authentication SMS or email to you when you register with Live Video Call. We contractually require that these third parties use your information solely to deliver SMS or email to you and to use appropriate security measures to protect your information. In addition, certain Live Video Call servers are owned and hosted by third party service providers. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third party service providers.
Outbound Links
If you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service or a Live Video Call website, such third party may also collect information about you. Please see the privacy policies of each such third party for more information about how they use the information they collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any exchange of information between you and any third party.
Opt-Out – Promotional Communications
Live Video Call allows you to choose not to receive promotional email messages from Live Video Call and its service providers. You may opt-out by following instructions in the message sent by Live Video Call or its service providers on how to unsubscribe from that particular mailing. You may also opt-out by contacting us at contact.hookme@gmail.com.
Security
Protecting user privacy and personal information is a top priority for Live Video Call. We make substantial efforts to ensure the privacy of all personally identifiable information you provide to us. Access to all personally identifiable information is restricted to those Live Video Call employees, contractors, agents and third-party service providers who need to know that information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain, support or improve the Service. Live Video Call uses password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to safeguard the confidentiality and security of all member information.
In addition, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data Transfer
Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which Live Video Call maintains facilities, including outside of the South Korea. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in this Privacy Policy, Live Video Call reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country. By using the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 as part of the Service. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 18 as part of the Service, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 as part of the Service.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You may review updates to our Privacy Policy at any time via links on our website. You agree to accept electronic communications and/or postings of a revised Privacy Policy on the Live Video Call web site, and you agree that such electronic communications or postings constitute notice to you of the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our website, or as required by law. You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. You agree that your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, you should not use the Service.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact.hookme@gmail.com. Any personally identifiable information provided in connection with inquiries related to this Privacy Policy will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Date
This privacy policy was posted on Oct 19, 2024.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it