Privacy policy
Last Updated: 17 April 2024
Introduction
Edikted LLC (collectively, “
Edikted
,” “
we
,” “
our
,” or “
us
”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Notice (our “
Privacy Notice
”) describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website,
https://edikted.com
and its associated subdomains (the “
Website
”), as well as our mobile application (the “
App
,” together with the Website, the “
Service
”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect:
through your use of our Service;
in email, text, and other communications between you and us;
when you contact us or otherwise submit information to us, whether by telephone, via email or through other means;
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Notice; and
from third parties.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline (such as when you purchase our products in department and specialty stores) or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Edikted or a third-party (including our parent, subsidiaries, and other affiliates);
us or any of our affiliates or subsidiaries related to your or any other individual’s employment or potential employment with us; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to the Website or App.
IT IS OUR POLICY TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE PRIVACY LAWS, SO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES MAY VARY DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU LIVE. PLEASE SEE THE JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU LIVE.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Service. By accessing or using our Service, you agree to this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice may change from time to time (see
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
). Your continued use of our Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Notice periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Throughout this Privacy Notice, the term “
Personal Data
” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. However, Personal Data does not include any deidentified or aggregated information.
General
We collect Personal Data:
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through our Website and App;
that we create about you as you use our Service; and
from third parties.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect the following types of Personal Data directly from you when you access or use our Service: name, postal address (including billing and shipping address), email address, telephone number (including mobile number), age, date of birth, and order details (such as size, color, and style preferences).
In addition, we also collect other types of information that you may provide through your use of the Service, such as when you fill out a form (such as via our online chat function), sign up for an account, or communicate with us. This includes: (i) information provided at the time of requesting information about our products and services, making a general inquiry, answering questionnaires or surveys, entering a contest or promotion sponsored by us, or interacting with a chat bot via the Service; (ii) records and copies of your correspondence (including email), if you contact us; and (iii) details of transactions you carry out through your use of the Service and of the fulfillment of your orders. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Service.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We may also use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain Personal Data about your interaction with our Service. This can include information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, such as:
details of your use of the Service, including browsing history, search history, traffic data, location data (which may be used to locate the city and state that you are in but cannot be used to precisely locate you), log file information, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit, error information, links clicked, and other communication data and the resources that you access, use, or otherwise interact with when using our Service; and
information about your computer, mobile device (and related network information), and Internet connection, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, device ID, and advertising ID.
Other information we collect automatically includes Personal Data, or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways. It helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to: (i) estimate our audience size and usage patterns; (ii) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize how our Service appears to you according to your individual interests; (iii) speed up your searches; (iv) identify areas for improvement and further engagement; and (v) recognize you when you return to use our Service.
This information may be collected through the use of cookies (or browser or mobile cookies), which are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device that allow us to collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Website or App. Some of these cookies are managed by us (first-party cookies), while others are managed by third parties that we do not control (third-party cookies). These small data files serve various functions:
Strictly Necessary
: Necessary to provide you with services available through our Website and App and to use some of their features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are essential to deliver our Website and App and their respective contents and functionality to you, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our Website and App function.
Performance and Functionality
: Enhance the performance and functionality of our Website and App but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and Customization
: Allow us to understand the effectiveness of our services and marketing campaigns, as well as to customize our services based on this information.
Advertising
: Make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our Website or App are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, analytics providers, social media companies, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our Service. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Data or they may collect information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
.
Information We Create About You
We may also create certain information about you. When we associate this information with other Personal Data about you, we consider this information to be Personal Data. This information includes information associated with your account with us (if one exists), as well as records of products or goods purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect in the future Personal Data from third parties. If and when we will associate this information with other Personal Data about you, we consider this information to be Personal Data. In addition, we may also collect other types of information that you may provide to these third parties when you fill out a form or application on their websites or via webpages expressly governed by their privacy policies.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data:
to provide and personalize our Service and their content to you;
to enable you to participate in the interactive features of our Service;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us (such as through newsletters and other similar communications that we send to you);
to support, develop, troubleshoot, and debug our products and Service;
to maintain, customize, and secure your account with us (such as to provide you with notices about your account);
to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and/or to prevent transactional fraud;
to administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, and other contests;
to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
to advertise or market our products and services to you (such as through newsletters and other similar communications that we send to you);
to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, App, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);
to measure and report on the delivery of advertisements, including counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;
to monitor the performance of our Service, including metrics such as total number of visitors, and traffic;
to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Service, products, databases and other technology assets, and business;
for internal testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Service, and to develop, improve, or demonstrate our products and Service;
to detect security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Edikted’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Edikted about the users of our Service is among the assets transferred;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to notify you about changes to our Website or App or any products we offer or provide though them;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not sell, share, or disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Notice, including any applicable jurisdiction-specific addendum appended to this Privacy Notice. However, we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We also may disclose Personal Data that we collect or create about you or that you provide us as described in this Privacy Notice:
to our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates;
to business partners and social media companies;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and provide services to us, such as processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services (e.g., advertisers and ad networks), and providing analytic and behavioral advertising services (e.g., internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services);
to a potential or actual buyer or other successor in the event of a planned or actual merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Edikted’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Edikted about our Website and App users is among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and
with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
We may also disclose your Personal Data:
to comply with: (i) federal, state, or local laws, or to comply with a court order or subpoena to provide information; (ii) civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; and/or (iii) certain government agency requests for emergency access to your Personal Data if you are at risk or danger of death or serious physical injury;
to cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activities that we (or one of our service providers’) believe may violate federal, state, or local law;
to exercise or defend legal claims, and to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and/or
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Edikted, our customers, or others.
We do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties described above. When possible, these organizations are under contractual obligations to use this data only for providing services to us and to maintain this information strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
In addition, we strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us and have created mechanisms to provide you with control over your Personal Data:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser or device to refuse all or some cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website or App may then be inaccessible or not function properly. You can find more information about cookies at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
As noted above, we do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“
NAI
”) on its website (
www.networkadvertising.org
) and from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance on its website (
www.aboutads.info
).
Push Notifications.
We may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can elect to stop receiving those messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Promotional Offers from Edikted (Email).
We may also use your information to contact you about our products that may be of interest to you (with your consent, if required by law). If you do not wish to have your email address used by us to promote our own products, you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email or other marketing communication you receive from us. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to Edikted as a result of a product or service experience, purchase, or other transaction.
SMS/Text Communications.
When you opt-in to receive SMS and/or text communications from us, you consent to receive communications from or on behalf of Edikted via SMS, text message, or other electronic means using an automatic telephone dialing system. To participate in this service, you are required to provide a mobile phone number. For more information regarding our SMS communications, including how to opt-out of receiving these communications, see our
SMS Terms of Use
.
We may share the mobile phone number you provided to us when you opted-in to receiving SMS communication with service providers who support these services, but we will not share your mobile phone number with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent. Text messages are distributed via third party mobile network providers and, therefore, we cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. Depending on the recipient’s mobile carrier, it may not be possible to transmit the text message to the recipient successfully; nor is content available on all carriers. We do not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures.
Other Rights and Disclosures
General
In addition to the choices made available to you with regard to the Personal Data that you provide to us, you can correct or update certain Personal Data that we have collected about you by logging into the Website or App and visiting your account profile page. You may also notify us through the
Contact Information
below of errors or changes in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We cannot delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete your Personal Data if we believe the change or deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Rights and Disclosures
The law in some jurisdictions may provide you with additional rights and disclosures regarding our processing of Personal Data. To learn more about our processing activities and any additional privacy rights with respect to such data that may be applicable to you as a resident of one of these jurisdictions, please see the privacy addendum for your jurisdiction that is summarized below and attached to this Privacy Notice.
For Residents of California:
Please refer to our
California Privacy Addendum
.
For Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”):
Please refer to our
GDPR Privacy Addendum
.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website or within our App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to through our Website or App. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures deployed on our Website or App.
Do Not Track
Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they “do not track” your online activities. However, there is no accepted standard for how a website or online service should respond to this signal and, at this time, we do not take any action in response to such a signal.
Third-Party Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or services. The privacy practices of these third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we suggest you review.
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Service is not intended for children under 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information through our Service including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information directly from a child under 18, please contact us at
privacy@edikted.com
.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Notice on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we will notify you by email to the email address we have on file for you, through a notice on the home page of our App and Website, or by using a similar method. The date this Privacy Notice was last updated is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website, App, and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints, or suggestions regarding our Privacy Notice or the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data described in this Privacy Notice, have any requests related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, or otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the “Contact Us” page on our Website and App.
Edikted LLC
The New Mart
127 E. 9th Street, Suite 801
Los Angeles, CA 90015
privacy@edikted.com
California Privacy Addendum
Last Updated: 17 April 2024
Introduction
This Privacy Notice Addendum for California Residents (the “
California Privacy Addendum
”) supplements the information contained in Edikted’s Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, customers, and others who reside in the State of California (“
consumers
” or “
you
”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “
CPRA
”), and any terms defined in the CPRA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Scope of this California Privacy Addendum
This California Privacy Addendum applies to information that we collect through your use of our Service that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household (“
Personal Information
”). However, publicly available information that we collect from government records and deidentified or aggregated information (when deidentified or aggregated as described in the CPRA) are not considered Personal Information and this California Privacy Addendum does not apply to such information. This California Privacy Addendum also does not apply to certain Personal Information that is excluded from the scope of the CPRA.
This California Privacy Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from our California-based employees, job applicants, independent contractors, or similar individuals (collectively, “
Personnel
”). Please contact us at the
Contact Information
below or your local human resources department if you are part of our California Personnel and would like additional information about how we process your Personal Information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect, and over the prior 12 months have collected, the following categories of Personal Information:
Category
Applicable Pieces of Personal Information Collected
Identifiers
A name; postal address; email address; telephone number; online identifier; IP address; account name; account number; and other similar identifiers.
Personal information in the California Customer Records law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name; address; and telephone number.
*
NOTE
: Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Gender
Commercial information
Information about a consumer’s purchase, including them item purchased, price of the items, and the payment method used; records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity (“Internet or Network Activity”) information
Browsing history; search history; and information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information without providing you notice.
As further described below, we may “sell” for valuable, non-monetary consideration and/or “share” for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes the following categories of your Personal Information to advertisers, ad networks, behavioral advertising companies, and internet cookie recipients (e.g., analytics companies): Identifiers and Internet or Network Activity information (for more details, see
“Sale of Your Personal Information” and “Sharing of Your Personal Information,”
below)
.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information about you from the same sources described in our Privacy Notice.
Purposes for Our Collection of Your Personal Information
In the preceding 12 months, we have only used your Personal Information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice. We will not use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Disclosures of Personal Information
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding 12 months, Edikted has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for one or more of the business purposes described below to the following categories of third parties:
Personal Information Category
Categories of Third-Party Recipients
Identifiers
Service providers; advertisers and ad networks; business partners; affiliates, parents, and subsidiary organizations of Edikted; social media companies; Internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services; and government entities
Personal information in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Service providers; affiliates, parents, and subsidiary organizations of Edikted
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
N/A
Commercial information
Service providers; advertisers and ad networks; business partners; affiliates, parents, and subsidiary organizations of Edikted; social media companies; Internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services; and government entities
Internet or Network activity information
Service providers; advertisers and ad networks; business partners; affiliates, parents, and subsidiary organizations of Edikted; social media companies; Internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services; and government entities
We disclose your Personal Information to the categories of third parties listed above for the following business purposes:
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Helping to ensure security and integrity of our products, services, and IT infrastructure to the extent the use of the Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short–term, transient use, including, but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us. Our agreements with third parties prohibit your Personal Information from disclosure to another third-party and from using your Personal Information to build a profile about the you or otherwise alter your experience outside your current interaction with us.
Performing services on behalf of us, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on behalf of us.
Providing advertising and marketing services, except for cross-context behavioral advertising, to consumers.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
[Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
In addition to the above, we may disclose any or all categories of Personal Information to any third-party (including government entities and/or law enforcement entities) as necessary to:
comply with: (i) federal, state, or local laws, or to comply with a court order or subpoena to provide information; (ii) civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; and/or (iii) certain government agency requests for emergency access to your personal information if you are at risk or danger of death or serious physical injury;
cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activities that we (or one of our service providers) believe may violate federal, state, or local law;
exercise or defend legal claims, and to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and/or
engage in any actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, asset sale or transfer, financing, bankruptcy, dissolution or restructuring of (or similar transaction involving) all or part of our business;
protect the rights, property, or safety of Edikted, its customers, or others; and/or
otherwise fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
“Sale” of Your Personal Information
As noted in our Privacy Notice, we do not sell Personal Information as the term “sell” is commonly understood to require an exchange for money. However, the use of advertising and analytics cookies on our Service is considered a “sale” of Personal Information as the term “sale” is broadly defined in the CPRA to include both monetary
and other valuable consideration
. Using this broad definition, our “sale” is limited to our use of third-party advertising and analytics cookies and their use in understanding how people use and interact with our Service. Our “sales” of your Personal Information in this matter is subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see
Your Choices Regarding our “Sale” or “Sharing” of your Personal Information
).
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” Identifiers and Internet or Network Activity information to internet cookie recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services. However, we do not have any actual knowledge that we “sell” the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 for monetary or other valuable consideration.
“Sharing” of Your Personal Information
We may “share” your Personal Information for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising, subject to your right to opt-out of that sharing (see
Your Choices Regarding our “Sale” or “Sharing” of your Personal Information
). Our “sharing” for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising would be limited to our use of third-party advertising cookies and their use in providing you cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., advertising on other websites or in other mediums). When the recipients of your Personal Information disclosed for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising are also permitted to use your Personal Information to provide advertising to others, we also consider this disclosure as a “sale” for monetary or other valuable consideration under the CPRA.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “shared” Identifiers and Internet or Network Activity information to internet cookie information recipients, such as analytics and behavioral advertising services However, we do not have any actual knowledge that we “share” the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 for cross-context behavioral advertising.
Consumer Data Requests
The CPRA provides consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CPRA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. You may exercise these rights yourself or through your authorized representative (as defined below). For more information on how you or your authorized representative can exercise your rights, please see
Exercising Your CPRA Privacy Rights
.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months (a “
Right to Know
” Consumer Request). This includes: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which that Personal Information is collected; (iii) our purposes for collecting this Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information; and (v) if we have “sold” or “shared” or disclosed your Personal Information, a list of categories of third parties to whom we “sold” or “shared” your Personal Information, and a separate list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your Personal Information. You must specifically describe whether you are making a Right to Know Consumer Request or a Data Portability Consumer Request (defined below). If you would like to make both such requests, you must make them clear in your request. If it is not reasonably clear from your request, we will only process your request as a Right to Know Consumer Request. In response to a Right to Know Consumer Request, we will provide you with all relevant information we have collected or maintained about you on or after January 1, 2022, unless you request a shorter time period or an exception applies. You may make a Right to Know Consumer Request a total of 2 times within a 12-month period at no charge.
Access to Specific Pieces of Information.
You also have the right to request that we provide you with a copy of the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, including any Personal Information that we have created or otherwise received from a third-party about you (a “
Data Portability
” Consumer Request). If you make a Data Portability Consumer Request electronically, we will provide you with a copy of your Personal Information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily reusable format that allows you to transmit the Personal Information to another third-party. You must specifically describe if you are making a Right to Know or Data Portability Consumer Request. If you would like to make both such requests, you must make them clear in your request. If it is not reasonably clear from your request, we will only process your request as a Right to Know Consumer Request. We will not provide this information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to your Personal Information or the security of our systems or networks. We will also not disclose any Personal Information that may be subject to another exception under the CPRA. If we are unable to disclose certain pieces of your Personal Information, we will describe generally the types of Personal Information that we were unable to disclose and provide you a description of the reason we are unable to disclose it. In response to a Data Portability Consumer Request, we will provide you with all relevant information we have collected or maintained about you on or after January 1, 2022, unless you request a shorter time period or an exception applies. You may make a Data Portability Consumer Request a total of 2 times within a 12-month period at no charge.
Correction.
You have the right to request that we correct any incorrect Personal Information about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. You may request that we correct the Personal Information we have about you as described below under
Exercising Your CPRA Privacy Rights
. In some cases, we may require you to provide reasonable documentation to show that the Personal Information we have about you is incorrect and what the correct Personal Information may be. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect or if the Personal Information is subject to another exception under the CPRA.
Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your Consumer Request (see
Exercising Your CPRA Privacy Rights
), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies pursuant to the CPRA. Some exceptions to your right to delete include, but are not limited to, if we are required to retain your Personal Information to complete the transaction or provide you the products or goods for which we collected the Personal Information or otherwise perform under our contract with you, to detect security incidents or protect against other malicious activities, and to comply with legal obligations. We may also retain your Personal Information for other internal and lawful uses that are compatible with the context in which we collected it.
Limiting Our Uses and Disclosures of SPI.
You have the right to request that we limit our use and disclosure of your SPI to only those purposes specifically enumerated in the CPRA. Currently, we do not use or disclose your SPI for purposes other than those expressly permitted by the CPRA. Should this change in the future, we will update this California Privacy Addendum and provide you with methods to limit the use and disclosure of SPI.
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CPRA rights. Unless permitted by the CPRA, we will not do any of the following as a result of you exercising your CPRA rights: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CPRA Privacy Rights
Sale/Sharing
: For instructions on exercising sale and sharing opt-out rights (as applicable), please see
Your Choices Regarding our “Sale” or “Sharing” of Your Personal Information
.
All Other CPRA Rights
: To exercise any of your other rights described above, please submit a request (a “
Consumer Request
”) to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-441-9869 PIN: 152354.
Emailing us at
privacy@edikted.com
Visiting
here
.
If you fail to make your Consumer Request in accordance with the ways described above, we may either treat your request as if it had been submitted with our methods described above or provide you with information on how to submit the request or remedy any deficiencies with your request.
Only you, or someone that you have authorized to act on your behalf (an “
authorized representative
”), may make a Consumer Request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a Consumer Request on behalf of your minor child. All Consumer Requests must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative of such a person. This may include providing certain information about yourself, such as your name, email address, phone number, address or order number with Edikted.
Be described with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm which Personal Information relates to you or the individual for whom you are making the request as their authorized representative.
Making a Consumer Request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a Consumer Request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Your Choices Regarding our “Sale” or “Sharing” of Your Personal Information
“Sale” of Your Personal Information
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
As noted in our Privacy Notice, however, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any consumer under 18 years of age.
Consumers who opt-in to Personal Information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
“Sharing” of Your Personal Information
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not share your Personal Information for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, which is showing advertising on other websites or other media based on your browsing history with our Website (the “right to opt-out”). We do not share the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age for this purpose, unless we receive affirmative authorization from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
As noted in our Privacy Notice, however, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any consumer under 18 years of age.
Consumers who opt-in to our sharing of Personal Information for these purposes may opt-out of future such sharing at any time.
How You May Opt-Out of Our Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration and of “sharing” your Personal Information for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting this page
this page
or set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, if you do not consent to our use of cookies or select this setting you may be unable to access or use certain parts of our Website or App. You can find more information about cookies at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
You may also exercise your right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration and “sharing” your Personal Information for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising by setting the privacy control signal on your browser, if your browser supports it. We currently recognize and support Global Privacy Control (for more information on how to configure your browser to send this signal, please see
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
).
When we receive one of these privacy control signals, we will opt you out of any further “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information when you interact with our Service through that browser and on that device. However, you may change your mind and opt back into the “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information at any time by adjusting your cookie preferences to accept all or certain cookies.
In the event you have affirmatively opted-in to our “sale” and “sharing” of your Personal Information as described above and we receive a privacy control signal from your browser, we will request further instructions from you before you are opted out of any further “sale” or “sharing.”
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you to reauthorize our “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
Requests to Opt-In After Opting Out of the “Sale” or “Sharing” of Your Personal Information
If you (or your authorized representative) submit a request to opt-in to our “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information, we will use a two-step process in order to confirm that you want to opt-in for such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information. This process may include verifying your request through your full name and email address on record. By making such an opt-in request, you consent to us contacting you in one or more of these ways.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain all categories of Personal Information that we collect for the length of time your account with us remains open or as otherwise required by applicable law or our record retention guidelines applicable to the type of personal information or category of record. However, we may also retain any or all categories of Personal Information when your information is subject to one of the following exceptions:
When stored in our backup and disaster recovery systems. Your Personal Information will be deleted when the backup media your Personal Information is stored on expires or when our disaster recovery systems are updated.
When necessary for us to exercise or defend legal claims.
When necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
When necessary to help ensure the stability, security and integrity of our Service and IT systems.
Your Personal Information will be deleted when we no longer require your Personal Information for any of the above purposes.
Changes to This California Privacy Addendum
Edikted reserves the right to amend this California Privacy Addendum at its discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this California Privacy Addendum, we will post the updated addendum on the Service and update the addendum’s effective date.
Your continued use of one or more our Service following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes
.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this California Privacy Addendum, the ways in which Edikted collects and uses your information described above and in our Privacy Notice, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Edikted LLC
The New Mart
127 E. 9th Street, Suite 801
Los Angeles, CA 90015
privacy@edikted.com
GDPR Privacy Addendum
Last Updated: 17 April 2024
Introduction
This GDPR Privacy Addendum (the “
GDPR Privacy Addendum
”) supplements the information contained in our Privacy Notice (our
“Privacy Notice
”) and applies solely to the users of our Service who are located in the EEA or UK. We adopt this GDPR Privacy Addendum to comply with the EU GDPR, and any laws implementing the foregoing by any member states of the EEA and the UK (including the UK Data Protection Act and the UK-GDPR) (collectively, the “
GDPR
”). Unless otherwise defined in this GDPR Privacy Addendum, any terms defined in the GDPR or our Privacy Notice have the same meaning when used in this GDPR Privacy Addendum. When this GDPR Privacy Addendum is applicable to you, it takes precedence over anything contradictory in our Privacy Notice.
Data Controller and Representatives
Edikted is the data controller of your Personal Data. At this time, Edikted is not required to appoint a Data Protection Officer or representatives in either the EU or the UK and has elected not to do so.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
The Personal Data we collect and the ways in which we collect it is described in our Privacy Notice.
Edikted does not ask you to provide, and we do not knowingly collect, any Special Categories of Personal Data from or about you.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
The processing of your Personal Data is lawful only if it is permitted under the GDPR. We have a lawful basis for each of our processing activities (except when an exception applies as described below):
Consent.
By using our Service, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data as described in our Privacy Notice and this GDPR Privacy Addendum. If you do not consent to the terms of our Privacy Notice and this GDPR Privacy Addendum, please do not use our Service. We will also ask for or otherwise obtain your consent to process your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as to: (i) communicate with you about our products and services; (ii) provide you with marketing, promotional, and similar information or materials; and (iii) place cookies (that are not strictly necessary for the operation of our Service) on your browser or device when you visit our Website or App.
To Fulfill Our Obligations to You under Our Contract.
We process your Personal Data as necessary to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you – for example, to process your order and deliver the products you purchased, to enable you to take part in an event or survey, etc.
Compliance with Legal Obligations.
To meet our regulatory and legal obligations, we may need to process some of your Personal Data.
Legitimate Interests.
We will process your Personal Data as necessary for our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are balanced against your rights and freedoms and we do not process your Personal Data if your rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. We process your Personal Data only so far as is necessary to achieve the purpose outlined in our Privacy Notice. Our processing activities will not unreasonably intrude on your privacy and ultimately benefits you in optimizing our provision of our Service to you. Specifically, we rely on several legitimate interests for processing your Personal Data including, but not limited to: (i) facilitating communications between Edikted and you; (ii) managing our relationship with you and securing your account; (iii) providing you information about your Edikted products or account, and notifying you of any material changes to our Privacy Notice or this GDPR Privacy Addendum; (iv) operating, administering, and protecting our business, Service, and IT infrastructure; (v) detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; (vi) providing access to, as well as researching, developing, improving, and/or customizing our Service and product offerings; (vii) understanding how our customers interact with the Service to enhance user experience and functionality; (viii) providing quality customer support; (ix) engaging in direct marketing efforts; (x) growing our business; (xi) verifying your identity, and detecting and preventing fraud; and (xii) exercising, enforcing, or defending legal claims and managing related administrative activities.
Automated Decision Making
We do not use your Personal Data with any automated decision-making process, including profiling, which may produce a legal effect concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
With the exception of certain cookies and marketing-related communications described below, we use your Personal Data in the same manner set out in our Privacy Notice and do not share or otherwise disclose your Personal Data other than to the entities and for the purposes discussed in our Privacy Notice.
Cookies: Except for those cookies that are strictly necessary for the operation of our Service, we will only use cookies if we have your explicit consent to use them in the UK and the EEA. Please bear in mind that if you have given your consent to a cookie, you may withdraw your consent at any time adjusting the cookie settings in the App or on our Website.
Marketing: We will only use your Personal Data to contact you about our products that may be of interest to you or to otherwise send you marketing-related communications if we have your consent to do so. If you wish to consent to this use, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data. If you wish to change your choice and withdraw your consent, you may do so at any time by (i) adjusting your communication preferences via the Website or App, (ii) clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email or other marketing communication you receive from us, or (iii) sending us an email with your request to
privacy@edikted.com
.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not share or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than to the entities and for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice.
Your Rights
The GDPR provides you with certain rights with regards to our processing of your Personal Data. These rights replace the similar rights provided in our Privacy Notice or are supplemental to such rights.
Access and Update.
You can correct or update certain Personal Data that we have collected about you by logging into the Service and visiting your account profile page. You may also notify us through the
Contact Information
below of errors or changes in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We cannot delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete your Personal Data if we believe the change or deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Restrictions.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances. In particular, you can request we restrict our use of it if you contest its accuracy, if the processing of your Personal Data is determined to be unlawful, or if we no longer need your Personal Data for processing but we have retained it as permitted by law.
Portability.
In certain instances, you have the right to request that we provide you a copy of, or access to, all or part of such Personal Data in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we transmit this Personal Data to another controller, when technically feasible.
Withdrawal of Consent.
To the extent that our processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by closing your account or notifying us through the
Contact Information
below. Withdrawing your consent will not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of our continued processing that is based on any other lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.
Right to be Forgotten.
You have the right to request that we delete all of your Personal Data. We will only delete your Personal Data when we no longer have a lawful basis for processing your Personal Data or after a final determination that your Personal Data was unlawfully processed. We may not accommodate a request to erase your Personal Data if we believe the deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. In all other cases, we will retain your Personal Data as set forth in this policy. In addition, we cannot completely delete your Personal Data as some data may rest in previous backups. These will be retained for the periods set forth in our disaster recovery policies.
Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority in the country you live in, the country you work in, or the country where you believe your rights under applicable data protection laws have been violated. If you are located in the United Kingdom, you must lodge such a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom. You can also contact us directly in order to give us an opportunity to work directly with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.
How You May Exercise Your Rights.
You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us through any of the methods listed under
Contact Information
below. If you contact us to exercise any of the foregoing rights, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to satisfy our legal and business requirements. Please note that if you make unfounded, repetitive, or excessive requests (as determined in our reasonable discretion) to access your Personal Data, you may be charged a fee subject to a maximum set by applicable law.
Consent to Processing of Personal Data In Other Countries Outside the EEA or the UK
In order to provide our products and Service to you, we may send and store your Personal Data outside of the EEA or the UK, including to the United States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred outside the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide an equivalent level of protection for your Personal Data. By using our Service, you represent that you have read and understood the above and hereby consent to the storage and processing of Personal Data outside the country where you reside or are located, including in the United States.
Your Personal Data is transferred by Edikted to another country only if it is required or permitted under the GDPR and provided that there are appropriate safeguards in place to protect your Personal Data. To ensure your Personal Data is treated in accordance with our Privacy Notice and this GDPR Privacy Addendum when we transfer it to a third party, Edikted will use Data Protection Agreements between Edikted and all other recipients of your data that include, where applicable, the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and/or the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK (collectively, the “
Standard Contractual Clauses
”). The European Commission and the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK have determined that the transfer of Personal Data pursuant to the Standard Contractual Clauses provides for an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data, however, the Standard Contractual Clauses may need to be supplemented in some cases with additional measures on a case-by-case basis after an analysis that such supplemental measures can provide you with an essentially equivalent level of protection as afforded in the EEA and/or the UK. When, as a result of this analysis, we believe this to be appropriate and necessary, the Standard Contractual Clauses have been supplemented in this way. Under these Standard Contractual Clauses, you have the same rights as if your Personal Data was not transferred to such third country. You may request a copy of the Data Protection Agreement by contacting us through the
Contact Information
below.
Data Retention Periods
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this GDPR Privacy Addendum (e.g., for as long as you maintain an account with us) unless a longer period is required under applicable law, or as needed to resolve disputes or protect our legal rights or otherwise to comply with legal obligations.
Where we are processing Personal Data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain the data for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Where we are processing Personal Data based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
Where we are processing Personal Data based on your consent, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to carry out the processing activities to which you consented, subject to your right, under certain circumstances, to have certain of your Personal Data erased (see
Your Rights
).
Changes to This GDPR Privacy Addendum
We may change this GDPR Privacy Addendum at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our GDPR Privacy Addendum on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we will notify you by email to the email address we have on file for you, through a notice on the home page of our App and Website, or by using a similar method. The date this GDPR Privacy Addendum was last updated is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website, App, and this GDPR Privacy Addendum to check for any changes.
Mobile Terms of Service
The Edikted mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by Edikted (“Edikted”, “we”, or “us”). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
By consenting to Edikted’s SMS/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring SMS/text messages from and on behalf of Edikted through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. Service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). Promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders).
You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with Edikted. Your participation in this program is completely voluntary.
We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. You are solely responsible for all charges related to SMS/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider.
You may opt-out of the Service at any time. Text the single keyword command STOP to Edikted or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. If you have subscribed to other Edikted mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms.
For Service support or assistance, text HELP to Edikted or email:
hello@edikted.com
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
We respect your right to privacy. To see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints, or suggestions regarding our Privacy Notice or this GDPR Privacy Addendum, have any requests related to your Personal Data described in the Privacy Notice or this GDPR Privacy Addendum, or otherwise need to contact us, you can do so using the contact information below.
To Contact Edikted (Controller)
: Edikted LLC
The New Mart
127 E. 9th Street, Suite 801
Los Angeles, CA 90015
Telephone: 1-844-441-9869
PIN: 152354
Email:
privacy@edikted.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl