PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Last updated: December 3, 2024
This is the Privacy & Cookies Policy (the “Policy”) of Z BOSON STUDIO EOOD or “ЗЕТ БОЗОН СТУДИО” ЕООД (“zBoson”). This Policy describes the ways in which zBoson collects and uses information about you when you visit zBoson’s website at www.zbosonsutdio.com (the “Website”) or when you play one of zBoson’s games (each a “Game” and together the “Games”) on a browser, through a social networking site or as an app. It also details how zBoson collects and uses information about you when making a complaint to zBoson by e-mail, as well as if you choose to make a job application.
This policy is based on the rules of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which applies when you reside in the European Union and use our Services. When we refer to the GDPR we are referring to the Bulgarian General Data Protection Regulation as well, which applies when you reside in the Bulgaria, unless we otherwise specify that we are referring to only one of these laws. All definitions set out in Art. 4 GDPR apply to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not reside in the European Union and use our Services, the descriptions of this privacy policy may not fully apply to you and other data protection laws might be applicable. If you are a resident of the State of California, please see Section 13 below for detailed information according to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
zBoson may change this Policy at any time, please check it from time to time to understand which data we collect and the purposes for which we use it.
For the purposes of data protection legislation, zBoson is the controller for the processing of your personal data.
If you have any general queries about this Policy, please contact zBoson using the contact details set out at paragraph 11 below. Alternatively, if you wish to exercise your rights in connection with the personal data we hold about you, please refer to paragraph 12.
1. WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS AND WHO THIS POLICY APPLIES TO
Some terms we use in this Privacy Policy are defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), a data protection law of the European Union. When we refer to the GDPR we are referring to the General Data Protection Regulation of the UK as well since both laws are very similar, unless we otherwise specify that we are referring to only one of them. Art. 4 GDPR gives detailed definitions of terms which we also apply in this Privacy Policy.
We’d like to explicitly mention the meanings of the following terms in simple words since they are used quite often throughout this Privacy Policy. Please check Art. c. GDPR for the detailed definitions:
“personal data” means any information relating to a person that can be identified or could be identified through an identifier (‘data subject’);
“processing” means using your personal data (e.g., collecting, storing, sharing or deleting it);
“controller” means the person, company or other body that decides if and how your personal data is being processed.
To the extent that the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) is applicable, the definition of “personal data” includes “personal information”; the definition of “data subject” includes “consumer”; the definition of “controller” includes “business”; and the definition of “processor” includes “service provider”, all as defined under the CCPA.
This Policy applies to the following people:
visitors to the Website (including those submitting a job application);
people who contact or make complaints to zBoson by email; and
people who use the Games.
2. VISITORS TO THE WEBSITE
The Website is essentially a brochure for zBoson’s business, its Games and opportunities to work with and for zBoson. The Website collects information from you in the following ways:
zBoson uses cookies for the limited purposes set out in paragraph 14 below to collect certain analytical/technical information through functional cookies and targeting cookies. zBoson relies on consent under Art. 6 para 1(a) GDPR to collect this information, such consent obtained via you clicking to agree to such cookies being placed when you first visit the Website or otherwise changing the cookie settings so that such cookies are not placed. The legal basis for processing personal data stored in strictly necessary cookies is our legitimate interest in providing a fully functional website (Art. 6 para. 1(f) GDPR) which would not work properly or lack core functionalities without such cookies. This interest outweighs a potential opposing interest to not process such data which is why strictly necessary cookies are always active. For more information on cookies please see paragraph 15 below.
Should you choose to contact zBoson via the Website, zBoson will collect your e-mail address together with any other information that you submit in connection with such contact request. For customer services, zBoson relies on contract under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR to collect this information because it needs to process your personal data to fulfil your request, and for other enquiries zBoson relies on legitimate interests under Art. 6 para 1(f) GDPR.
zBoson often advertises jobs on the Website. If you choose to respond to any such advertisement, or speculatively submit your CV and details for consideration through the recruitment enquiries section on the Website, any information provided by you to zBoson in connection with such response will be used to assess you as a candidate including references (Art. 6 para. 1(b) and (f) GDPR) and, with your consent, to undertake a criminal record check. For undertaking a criminal record check zBoson relies on consent under Art. 6 para 1(a) GDPR, otherwise zBoson relies on Art. 6 para. 1(b) GDPR. Personal information about an unsuccessful candidate shall generally be held for twelve (12) months after which it shall be destroyed or deleted without further notice unless zBoson reasonably considers that such candidate may be a good candidate for a future role in which case zBoson shall hold such personal information if the candidate agrees to such storage (on the basis of consent under Art. 6 para. 1 (a) GDPR).
3. PEOPLE WHO CONTACT OR MAKE COMPLAINTS TO ZBOSON BY EMAIL
When zBoson receives complaints by email it shall file any relevant document and may retain details of the complainant, and other individuals identified in the complaint. zBoson will only use this information to process the complaint and to check on zBoson’s services and staff.
zBoson shall retain information in relation to a complaint for a maximum of six (6) years after its closure, in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted on a ‘need to know’ basis. zBoson relies on Art. 6 para. 1(b) GDPR to collect the information set out in this paragraph.
4. PEOPLE WHO USE THE GAMES
Game Data:
zBoson will collect the following information from you when you download and use the Games:
When you download one of zBoson’s games, zBoson will collect information including your device ID, IP address, country, state or county, postal or zip code and/or IDFA to identify the jurisdiction where you are located. zBoson relies on legitimate interests basis (Art. 6 para 1(f) GDPR) for this processing, such interests including to check for and apply any regulations in force in your jurisdiction to our processing of your personal data and to ensure our service is localised (if appropriate) (“Install Data”);
If you don’t log in via a social network, certain information collected by zBoson’s use of cookies and similar technologies (“Technologies”). These collect information such as your device ID and other technical/analytical information relating to how you interact and play the Game in question. zBoson will also assign you a User-ID which is a random string of characters used to identify you as a unique player going forward. The Technologies that zBoson places when you use the Games are detailed in paragraph 15 below (“Analytics Data”); On iOS devices Analytics Data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1(a) GDPR) while on Android devices it is processed based on zBoson’s and your legitimate interest to offer you quality games for free which are funded by advertising rather than costing money (Art. 6 para. 1(f) GDPR).
If you sign into one of the Games through Meta, Google or Apple, in addition to the Analytics Data above, zBoson will also collect such information as Meta, Google or Apple may allow zBoson to access, namely your full name, and if you sign in using Meta, your Meta ID. If you use any of the Game features such as chat rooms and/or support services, zBoson will also collect such information as you submit via such feature (“Player Data” which, together with the Analytics Data is the “Game Data”);
if you are a player engaging in one of our content creation programs from time to time, zBoson will collect Player Data including your name, email address and postal address, for the purposes of that engagement, and zBoson relies on the contract basis under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR for such processing.
if you make any purchases, zBoson will collect certain information in relation to your purchases (please see paragraph 4(b) below) on the basis of a contract under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR (“Finance Data”);
subject to your specific consent to us providing you with a newsletter and/or other marketing information (for example in relation to ours or our group’s other games), your email address (“Marketing Data”); and
in certain instances zBoson may use certain information relating to your Game progress and/or Game spend and/or other Game activity to invite you to complete surveys in relation to its Games, including, for example, to join its “Player Council” and complete any other documents required for you to join (“Survey Data”). This provides us with valuable feedback to improve our games and zBoson relies on the legitimate interests basis (Art. 6 para 1(f) GDPR) for this collection.
if you contact zBoson customer support, you may be requested to upload in-game screenshots. We request these screenshots to help us better understand the issues you may be facing. This may include personal data such as your user ID, your name or username, your image or other data held within the game. We will only ever request screenshots captured from within the game and any images that are uploaded that are not in-game screenshots will be deleted immediately.
Financial Information:
Your purchase and in-app purchases within the Games are handled through the platform on which you purchased the Game or through other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play, Xbox Live, PlayStation Network). zBoson does not retain any card or payment details, although zBoson does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending for customer service purposes (relying on legitimate interests under Art. 6 para 1(f) GDPR).
Restricting the use of Analytics Data and Game Data:
You can prevent zBoson from processing Analytics Data and Game Data depending on how you are interacting with zBoson. If you are using a device that runs on Apple’s iOS operating system, our collection of your personal data for tracking purposes is subject to your express consent (opt-in) via Apple’s App Tracking Transparency system (“ATT”). If you are using an Android device, you may opt-out of tracking by going to “Settings”, scrolling down and clicking on “Google”, scrolling down and clicking on “Ads” and then shifting the “Opt out of Ads Personalisation” slider to the right. Regardless of device and operating system, if you have consented to tracking, you may opt-out of your Game Data being used for this purpose (or change your settings at any time) within the “Ad Settings” item of the “Settings” menu within the Game.
If you still have concerns about the information we collect please contact us via our webform
here
.
Subscription-Related Data
To manage your subscription and provide benefits, we may collect the following information:
Subscription status (active/inactive)
Subscription start and renewal dates
Information provided by Apple App Store or Google Play Store, including subscription ID and payment confirmation details
5. HOW ZBOSON USES COLLECTED INFORMATION FROM PEOPLE WHO PLAY THE GAMES
zBoson will use the information it collects as set out in paragraph 4 above to:
in relation to the Game Data, offer the Games to the player in question (contract basis under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR);
in relation to the Analytics Data, to facilitate the improvement of the Games and your experience of the Games, and to contact you to invite you to answer questions about your experience and/or motivations (legitimate interests basis under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR);
in relation to the Game Data and Finance Data to complete your transactions (contract basis under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR);
in relation to the Game Data to provide technical support in relation to player enquires, resolving disputes, collecting fees and troubleshooting (contract basis under Art. 6 para 1(b) GDPR);
in relation to the Game Data to prevent fraud or illegal activities;
in relation to the Analytics and Game Data to serve targeted adverts to you. For devices running on Apple’s iOS operating system we may only do this if you have opted in to Apple’s ATT (see paragraph 4(C) above). You may opt-out of your Game Data being used for this purpose (or change your settings at any time) within the “Ad Settings” item of the “Settings” menu within the Game or, for Android, by going to “Settings”, scrolling down and clicking on “Google”, scrolling down and clicking on “Ads” and then shifting the “Opt out of Ads Personalisation” slider to the right;
in relation to the Marketing Data, to provide information about the Games, applications, services and/or other digital goods which you have asked to receive (consent basis under Art. 6 para 1(a) GDPR). You can tell us to stop this at any time via our webform
here
;
in relation to the Survey Data for zBoson to provide such survey to you (legitimate interests basis under Art. 6 para 1(f) GDPR);
share with third parties for the purposes as described in paragraph 7 below; and
in relation to the Analytics Data, for zBoson to gain new users through marketing activity (legitimate interests basis under Art. 6 para 1(f) GDPR).
in relation to Subscription Data,
to enable and manage your subscription benefits as described in paragraph 4;
process subscription renewals and verify payments;
provide customer support for subscription-related inquiries.
6. SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
zBoson will not pass your information to third parties other than as described in this paragraph. zBoson may, subject to its obligations to comply with applicable data protection legislation, share your information with third parties including:
its server providers which host and store the Game Data, such as Apple Inc., Google LLC;
the third parties who assist zBoson in collecting the Analytics Data (as listed below);
as part of the Games your information (for example your name, profile picture or user ID) may be posted on a leaderboard of top scorers within the Game (visible to other players) and, with your prior consent, posted to your social networks. You may also share elements of your performance or participation in the Games (e.g. your personal car design) with other players and your social networks;
other subcontractors which assist zBoson as processors on behalf of zBoson in relation to the day-to-day running of its business, e.g., external recruitment agencies;
in relation to the sale of some or all zBoson’s business, or its assets, to any third party, or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, but zBoson will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected;
its group companies in order to assist and facilitate the services provided to you, or for data analytics, business intelligence, cross-selling, personalized advertising, mergers & acquisitions, development, distribution or general data protection compliance purposes;
in anonymised form with data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of player metrics or sales performance;
with certain of the technology providers that zBoson uses (as detailed in paragraph 15 below) e.g., in order to assist zBoson in relation to any user acquisition activities; or
with law enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement requests which are binding for zBoson.
7. THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Third Party advertisers may place or read cookies and/or Technologies on your browser or device in the Games and/or on the Website.
This Policy is applicable only to the use of cookies or Technologies by zBoson and does not cover the use of cookies or Technologies by any third parties (including advertisers or Meta). For example, Meta will place cookies to maintain a secure login to the Facebook network, amongst other things.
More details of Meta’s cookies are available on its website and further links to third party cookies and Technologies are also set out in paragraphs 14 and 15 below.
8. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND THIRD PARTY ADVERTS
zBoson cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from the Games/Website, adverts in the Games/Website or from adverts on a webpage when you are playing the Game/are on the Website.
zBoson recommends that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
In addition, if you link to the Games from a third party site or via a social network (e.g. X, Meta), zBoson cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommends that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
9. SECURITY, STORAGE AND DATA RETENTION
zBoson has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use.
Where you log-in via a social network, you may also change your account settings on your social network to prevent both us and third parties seeing certain information in relation to you, such as your Meta profile.
zBoson’s physical servers are operated by third party cloud service providers and are located worldwide including in the EEA and USA. Where such information is transferred outside the EEA, zBoson has taken steps to ensure that its agreements with such third party providers contain provisions to ensure the adequacy of such transfer including any additional safeguards.
zBoson has a retention policy in place with respect to the data it holds, ensuring that it does not retain such data for longer than is reasonable in line with the purposes for which it was originally collected.
zBoson automatically delete your game data after 3 months of inactivity.
10. ZBOSON'S POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
zBoson’s Games and Apps are intended for anyone who is:
legally entitled to own a device that access them and play them; and
at least equal to the minimum age required by the platforms where the Games are available; and
legally entitled to make in-app purchases by the payment functionality the Games provide.
Where zBoson processes personal data and the lawful basis for the processing is consent, zBoson shall be satisfied that such consent is valid and lawful where:
the data subject is at least 16 years of age; or
if the data subject is more than 13 years of age and less than 16 years of age, consent is given or authorised by the holder of parental responsibility over the child.
zBoson does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information in relation to children under the age of 13. If zBoson discovers it has collected personal data in relation to any children under 13, zBoson shall take reasonable steps to delete such information.
From time to time we may require a higher minimum age to access certain features within our Games and Apps, as indicated in our Terms of Service.
11. CONTACT DETAILS
If at any time you would like to contact zBoson about your views on this Policy or any enquiry relating to your personal information, including but not limited to your rights under the GDPR and/or CCPA (as applicable), you can email our Data Protection Manager at dataprivacy@zbosonstudio.com.
zBoson’s registered address is 7 Rayko Daskalov str., 9850 Veliki Preslav, Shumen, Bulgaria. We are a company incorporated in Bulgaria with UIC 207626464.
12. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Under the GDPR you have the following rights when we process your personal data:
Right of information:
You can ask us to let you know what we are doing with your data, e.g., why we collect it, or for how long we keep it (Art. 13 and 14 GDPR).
Right of access:
You can at any time ask us to confirm as to whether or not we are processing your personal data and, if this should be the case, access to the personal data (Art. 15 GDPR).
Right to rectification:
If you find that personal data that we process about you is inaccurate, you can ask us to correct it (Art. 16 GDPR).
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”):
Under certain circumstances, e.g., if you have objected to us using your data or if you have withdrawn your consent, you can ask us to delete your personal data. There are certain exceptions to this, e.g., if this would contradict other people’s free speech or if we have a legal obligation for which we need the data (Art. 17 GDPR).
Right to restriction:
Under certain circumstances, e.g., if your personal data we store isn’t accurate or you have objected to us using your personal data, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data until a solution has been found (Art. 18 GDPR).
Right to data portability:
Under certain circumstances you can receive your personal data you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you can transfer this data to another controller (Art. 20 GDPR).
Right to object:
Under certain circumstances, e.g., if we base the use of your personal data on a legitimate interest, you have the right to object to us using your data. If we don’t have an overriding interest to keep using your data, we will stop using it (Art. 21 GDPR).
Right to withdraw consent:
If you have granted us your consent for us to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future (Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR).
Right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing:
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects for you or similarly significantly affects you (Art. 22 para 1 GDPR). We do not make automated decisions by processing your personal data (e.g., profiling you).
You can exercise your rights, including your right to have personal data about you deleted, by using our webform
here
.
zBoson may ask you to verify your identity before zBoson responds to such requests.
It may not always be possible for us to process requests. If we are unable to identify your data within our systems then we will not able to retrieve or delete your data. For example, if you uninstalled the app without recording your User ID and did not log in via social media, we are highly unlikely to be able to identify your data within our systems.
Please note that under the CCPA, zBoson is not required to delete information that is necessary to perform certain actions as outlined in the CCPA (e.g. to complete a transaction for which the information was collected or to provide the goods or services requested by you).
You will not be discriminated against in retaliation for exercising the above rights and rights under the CCPA.
13. PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a consumer residing in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) applies when you use our Services. The CCPA defines personal information and sensitive personal information as follows:
“Personal information”
means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular you as consumer or a household.
“Sensitive personal information”
is personal information that reveals:
your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
your account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
your precise geolocation.
your racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
The contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the intended recipient of the communication.
your genetic data.
Biometric information is also considered Sensitive Personal Information.
zBoson do not collect, use, and share/sell your Sensitive personal information.
The information we provide in Section 4 of this Privacy Policy regarding which personal data we process, and for which purposes we process it, apply correspondingly to cases in which we process Personal Information of yours as resident of California.
zBoson may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with:
Affiliated Brands & Companies:
We may share your personal information with our affiliated brands and companies, which are entities under common ownership or control with us. This sharing is done to enhance our services, offer you a wider range of products, and for other legitimate business purposes. Your data may be used by these affiliated entities in accordance with their respective privacy policies.
Service Providers:
We engage service providers to help us with various aspects of our business operations. These service providers may process personal information on our behalf, such as providing hosting services, analysing data, conducting marketing campaigns, or assisting with customer support. We ensure that our service providers handle your personal information in compliance with our instructions and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Marketing Providers:
We may partner with marketing providers to enhance our promotional activities and reach out to potential customers. These marketing providers may receive your personal information for the purpose of targeting advertisements, conducting promotional campaigns, and measuring their effectiveness. Rest assured, we work with reputable marketing providers who adhere to privacy standards and regulations.
Other Third Parties:
In certain circumstances, we may share your personal information with other third parties for purposes beyond those mentioned above. This may include sharing data with regulatory authorities, legal representatives, or other parties as required by law, to protect our rights, or to prevent fraud or security issues. We ensure that such disclosures are made in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Parties to a Business Transaction:
In the event of a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, your personal information may be transferred to the acquiring entity or parties involved in the transaction. We will notify you if such a transaction occurs and outline any changes to the way your personal information is handled.
We value your trust and are committed to safeguarding your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns about the way we share your data with third parties, please don't hesitate to contact us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have the following rights:
Right to Delete Personal Information:
You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information. Depending on the specific case, exceptions can apply to this right, e.g., if we have to keep your information to comply with legal obligations or to ensure the freedom of expression (Section 1798.105 CCPA).
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information:
You have the right to request the correction of Personal Information we maintain about you (Section 1798.106 CCPA).
Right to Know What Personal Information is Being Collected:
You have the right to request the following information from us (Section 1798.110 and 1798.115 CCPA):
The categories of personal information we have collected about that you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of personal information that we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared.
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale and Sharing:
We do not sell your Personal Information. We share your Personal Information with advertising partners to show you ads that might be more interesting to you. You have the right to opt out of any sale or sharing of your Personal Information (Section 1798.120 CCPA). Please see Section 13 of this Privacy Policy on how to do this.
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information:
Even though we do not process Sensitive Personal Information of yours, we’d like to also inform you that you principally have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information should we be using such data of yours beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested services or other purposes permitted by the CCPA (Section 1798.121 CCPA).
Right of No Retaliation Following Opt Out or Exercise of Other Rights:
If you exercise your CCPA rights, you have the right that we do not unlawfully treat you in a detrimental way (Section 1798.152 CCPA). Please note though, that depending on your request, features within our game might not work the same way as they would have without your request (e.g., if you want to see ads that might interest you more).
14. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
If you are an EU resident, we rely on certain safeguards when sharing your personal data with a recipient established outside of the EEA/EU.
Some vendors with which we share your personal data are established outside of the European Union. Principally, there are two possible safeguards we can rely on when we share your personal data with these recipients:
If a recipient is located in a country for which the European Commission has found it provides an adequate level of data protection, we rely on such adequacy decision by the EU Commission. For recipients established in the USA we rely on the Transatlantic Data Transfer Framework, if the recipient is certified under this framework.
If a recipient is not located in a country with an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission, we either have concluded a contract with this recipient in which we agree on rules to make sure the recipient takes adequate care of your personal data (EU UK Standard Contractual Clauses developed by the European Commission) or we rely on binding corporate rules of a group of undertakings or enterprises that have been approved by a supervisory authority.
15. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when you visit a Website. Other similar technologies, defined in this policy as “Technologies”, are third party technologies used in a Game.
zBoson’s use of cookies and Technologies is detailed below.
Session cookies enable you to move from page to page within websites, and any information you enter will be remembered but is deleted when you close your browser after a short time.
Persistent cookies allow us to remember your preferences and settings when you browse the Website in the future, in different browser sessions.
We may use your social login (if you access a Game via a social media platform) and/or zBoson User ID for save protection so that you can restore your progress in a Game.
In our Games we use Technologies that track or store your data for advertising, attribution or analytics purposes.
Disabling Cookies
The use of the cookies and Technologies described above improves the functionality of the Games and the Website and your experience using them.
We ask for your consent to serve cookies other than strictly necessary cookies on your device when you visit the Website. If you want these cookies, you are able to consent to them via our cookie banner.
If you do not want Technologies to be served on your device, you are able to disable them by changing the settings on your browser or on your device.
Please note that if you do decide to disable cookies and/or Technologies you may not be able to access some of the Games or the Website, some of the features of the Games or the Website, or the Games or Website may not function properly.
By continuing to use the Games, including using social networking media functionality, you consent to the relevant Technologies being set on your device.
16. COOKIES USED ON THE WEBSITE
We use cookies to enhance your experience by remembering your language preferences and the fields of filled-out forms.
17. TECHNOLOGIES USED IN THE GAME
Advertising:
Google AdMob
AppLovin
LiftOff (formerly Vungle)
Meta Audience Network
Analytics:
GameAnalytics
Unity Analytics
Social:
Apple Game Center
Google Play Game Services
18. NO AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
zBoson does not process your personal data with means of automated decision-making (e.g., profiling).
TERMS OF SERVICE
•
CONTACT
© 2024 Z BOSON STUDIO EOOD
We Value Your Privacy
By clicking “Agree & Proceed”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation and analyze site usage. Read more in our
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Reject All
Agree & Proceed