MUSIC LEAGUE, LLC
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: January 21, 2025
This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the practices of Music League, LLC for collecting, using,
	maintaining, disclosing, and otherwise processing (collectively, “Processing”) the information that we
	collect from you, as well as how we protect and secure your data. As we may collect data about you and/or any
	recipient or user of Music League, LLC’s goods or services, “you” and “your” as used
	in this Policy is intended to apply broadly and includes any person using or accessing our website, products, or
	services (collectively, “the Services”), regardless of whether the Services are provided via Music
	League LLC’s website, app, or otherwise. We have tried to make this Policy clear and easy to navigate, but if
	you have additional questions regarding your rights under this Policy or any agreement you may have with Music
	League, LLC regarding your data or information, please contact us at
support@musicleague.com
.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our Processing of your information and how we will treat
		it.
This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Service (
https://musicleague.com/terms/
)
	for the applicable services. In the event of a conflict between this Policy and the Terms of Service, the applicable
	Terms of Service will control. This Policy generally applies to the information that Music League, LLC Processes.
	This Policy applies to information Music League, LLC Processes as well as to information Music League, LLC
	authorized from any third-party site or application that you authorize to provide us with such information. This
	Policy does not apply to information collected by Music League, LLC’s business partners (regardless of whether
	Music League, LLC provides a link to such business partner on its products or services) which may have their own
	privacy policies that apply to you, unless such third-party websites and services include links to this policy.
If you do not want us to Process information in the ways described in this Policy, please do not use the Services. By
	using the Services, you consent to our Processing of information as described in this Policy.
What information does Music League, LLC collect?
Information You Provide to Us
The information Music League, LLC collects can be described as Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, as
	well as Operations Data (which may or may not be personally identifiable). We collect this information when you
	provide it to us, either directly or indirectly, or when you use the Services.
“Personal Information” is information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact you, a natural
	person, as well as any other information about you that we may connect with Personal Information. For example,
	Personal Information that we collect includes:
Contact information such as your name, phone number, physical address, email address, username, and password;
Relationship information such as your preferences or potential interest in the Services;
Device data, such as IP address, device ID, domain server, types of device/operating system/browser used to
		access the Services;
Transactional information such as purchases, services requested, customer service inquiries, and other customer
		account information; and
Financial information such as credit card, banking, or financing information.
“Non-Personal Information,” on the other hand, is information that does not identify you as a natural
	person and is not identifiable to you a natural person. For example, Non-Personal Information that we collect
	includes:
Cookies and other similar tracking technologies used in a non-identifiable way;
Information we anonymize by rendering it unidentifiable to a natural person;
Information we aggregate by combining it with other data in such a way that no natural person can be identified
		or linked to any specific information; and
The name, form, contact details, transaction history, or financial information of legal persons in their
		business capacity.
Information We Receive from Third Parties
Music League, LLC may receive Personal Information or Non-Personal Information from third party business partners and
	contractors. We may also receive Personal Information from social media sites, ad networks, analytics providers, our
	business partners, and advertising and marketing agencies and vendors. We may also receive information from other
	sources to help us supplement our records, improve the personalization of the Services to you, and detect fraud. Our
	goal is to limit the information we collect to the information needed to support our business and provide the
	Services.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with the Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect
	certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: (i) details of your visits to
	the Services including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you
	access and use on the Services, including links you click when using the Services; and (ii) information about your
	computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include Personal Information, or we may maintain it or associate it with
	Personal Information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve the Services and
	to deliver a better and more personalized service.
The Services may use “cookie” technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the
	Services. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk. A session cookie
	enables certain features of the Services and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the
	Services. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent
	visits to our Services. We may use both session and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with
	the Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Services, and to improve the
	Services.
Regarding cookies and other tracking technologies, you can manage these by adjusting the settings on your browser,
	commonly referred to as the browser’s “Do Not Track” settings. All browsers are different, so you
	may need to visit the “help” section of your browser to learn more about cookie preferences and other
	privacy settings that may be available. You can also manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share location
	information with Music League, LLC, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by
	adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile
	service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn more. In general, Music League, LLC will comply with
	your browser’s “Do Not Track” settings. However, limiting cookies may also limit our ability to
	provide all of the Services or functionalities of the Services to you.
We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including
	“clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This automatically collected information may include your IP
	address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the webpages or other content you view or
	otherwise interact with on the Services and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Services. We may
	also use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether
	you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
Information Collected by Third Parties
We may display third-party content on the Services, including third-party advertising. Third-party content may use
	cookies, web beacons or other mechanisms for obtaining data in connection with your interaction with such
	third-party content. Information collected through third-party web beacons and buttons is collected directly by
	these third parties, and not by us. Please consult such third-party’s data collection, use, and disclosure
	policies for more information. If you do not consent to such third-party data collection, use, and disclosure
	practices, do not use or interact with the third-party content on our Services.
Links to Other Websites
The Services may contain links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement,
	authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over
	third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile
	device, collect date, or solicit Personal Information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use
	or disclosure of the Personal Information you submit to them. We are not responsible for the content, privacy, and
	security practices, and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through our
	Services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Why does Music League, LLC collect this information?
Music League, LLC collects and otherwise Processes Personal Information and Operations Data in identifiable forms for
	a variety of purposes, depending on the information being Processed. In particular, Music League, LLC Processes this
	information to perform under its contractual obligations to you, providing the Services you have purchased and
	Processing information as may be necessary to provide you with the Services and support you in their use. Music
	League, LLC also Processes information given its legitimate interest in improving the Services, enhancing customer
	experience, and identifying and marketing certain products and services to you. Finally, Music League, LLC may
	Process information as necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
To summarize, Music League, LLC Processes Personal Information and Operations Data in identifiable form for the
	following purposes:
To fulfill orders for the Services;
To operate, deliver, maintain, or otherwise provide the Services you request;
To support the Services;
To set up and maintain your customer account and allow you to interact with Music League, LLC and the Services
		online;
To provide you with customer service by resolving disputes, addressing complaints, and troubleshooting any
		technical problems encountered;
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the Services;
To improve the Services;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights from any contracts entered into between you and us,
		including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to the Services;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services;
To comply with applicable laws and regulations;
To communicate offers for the Services, including offers based on your interests and usage of the Services,
		administer promotional events, and engage in other marketing activities that may be of interest to you. We will
		provide you the opportunity to opt-out of marketing information or market research inquiries, but we will still
		need to gather certain information to provide the Services to you;
To communicate offers for third-party goods and services that may be of interest to you. We will provide you the
		opportunity to opt-out of marketing information or market research inquiries, but we will still need to gather
		certain information to provide the Services to you;
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’
		target audiences. If you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that
		you meet its target criteria.
If we collect or Process your information for any other purposes, we will disclose it to you at the time it is
	collected.
With respect to Non-Personal Information and Operations Data not in identifiable form, because this information does
	not identify a natural person Music League, LLC may use and Process it for any purpose. Music League, LLC expressly
	reserves the right to use anonymized or aggregated information to improve or develop the Services, create and
	publish reports, conduct statistical analyses about customers and equipment, monitor industry trends, and otherwise
	engage in activities that do not result in the disclosure of Personal Information.
To be clear, Music League, LLC is committed to respecting its customer’s privacy and will only Process your
	Personal Information or Operations Data in identifiable form for the reasons disclosed herein, and then only in the
	context of your customer relationship with Music League, LLC.Music League, LLC will not sell, rent, or lease your
	Personal Information in identifiable form to others.
Will Music League, LLC share this information with third parties?
We may disclose Non-Personal Information without restriction. To provide certain products and services, Music League,
	LLC may share information with third parties who provide services to us, such as the manufacturers, distributors,
	and operators of hardware and software used in our service. Music League, LLC may also share information with third
	parties we engage to assist us in providing you with the Services. Any third party with whom we share Personal
	Information for such purposes will only have access necessary to perform specific tasks on our behalf, will only use
	the information for this purpose, and will protect your information at least to the same extent that we do.
Music League, LLC may share information to comply with our legal obligations, such as to respond to lawful requests
	and legal processes. In the event we are asked to disclose your Personal Information, we will attempt to validate
	the request and inform you of it.
Music League, LLC may disclose information where needed to affect the sale or transfer of its assets, enforce its
	rights, protect its property, or protect the rights, property, or safety of others, or as needed to support external
	auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
Music League, LLC may use the Personal Information we collect for our own marketing purposes including notifying you
	of special promotions, offers, and events via push notifications, email, and other means subject to compliance with
	applicable laws and consent requirements. We may also link Personal Information (including your name, mobile phone
	number, and email address) with Non-Personal Information and/or Personal Information automatically collected as
	described in the policy and use such information for our own marketing purposes. Finally, Music League, LLC may
	disclose Personal Information: (i) in order to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to
	respond to any government or regulatory request; (ii) in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other
	agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; (iii) if we believe disclosure is necessary or
	appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Music League, LLC, our customers, or others. This includes
	exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
	reduction; and (iv) in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale of all or a portion of our
	assets. We reserve the right, in connection with these types of transactions, to transfer or assign your Personal
	Information and other information we have collected to third parties or to authorize third parties to use any such
	information retained by us. Other than to the extend ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure
	of all transferred user Personal Information will be subject to this Policy. However, any information you submit or
	that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new policy adopted by the successor entity.
If Music League, LLC needs to share your information for a purpose not identified here, we will obtain your consent
	and disclose this purpose at the time of obtaining your consent. For example, Music League, LLC may wish to use your
	information in demonstrations or other marketing materials and will contact you before doing so.
How long will Music League, LLC keep my information?
Music League, LLC keeps different kinds of information for different lengths of time, depending on the purpose for
	which it was Processed and your specific situation. Thus, Music League, LLC will retain information as long as
	necessary to accomplish the relevant purposes set forth in this Policy, as applicable under the circumstances, but
	no longer.
How does Music League, LLC keep my information secure?
We are committed to protecting the security of the Personal Information you provide to us and that we collect about
	you. We maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain the security and privacy of Personal Information
	that you provide to us. Our safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and
	store.
Nevertheless, when disclosing Personal Information, you should remain mindful that there is an inherent risk in
	disclosing Personal Information electronically. Your information may be intercepted without your consent, or
	collected illegally and used by others without your consent. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you
	disclose online or electronically, and you do so at your own risk. You are responsible for maintaining the security
	of your account username and password. We recommend that you change your password periodically. If you believe that
	your account username and/or password have been stolen or been made known to others, it is your responsibility to
	immediately contact us at
support@musicleague.com
and change your
	password. We are not responsible if someone else accesses your account through information that they have obtained
	from you.
What are my choices with respect to my information?
Music League, LLC complies with applicable law regarding your ability to access, correct, and delete your Personal
	Information. If you have an online account, you may be able to log into your account to access and update certain
	information provided.
Subject to the specific terms of your agreement related to the collection of Operations Data, you may be able to
	opt-out of sharing this information with Music League, LLC. If you choose to do so, you may no longer have access to
	this data and would no longer be able to use certain products or services that rely on this data.
Music League, LLC does not intend to offer services or collect Personal Information from children aged 16 and under.
	If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 16 without verification of
	parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe a child is providing us Personal Information,
	please contact us directly so we may investigate and delete it.
To protect your privacy and security, we reserve the right to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
	granting you account access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the
	secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
For assistance with exercising your Personal Information choices, or if you have any questions about these choices,
	please contact us at
support@musicleague.com
or 1-877-796-9343
For EU residents:
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), particularly Articles 15 to 21, affords you a number of
	rights as a data subject. We encourage you to read and learn about those rights on your own, but the following will
	help you to begin to understand those rights.
Access: This allows you to request from us information about your Personal Information, including what data we
		have and how and why it is being Processed.
Rectification: In the event that some or all of the Personal Information that we have concerning you is
		inaccurate, this gives you the right to have those inaccuracies rectified.
Erasure: In some cases, you may have the right to request that we erase your Personal Information in our
		possession.
Restriction of Processing: This gives you the right, in some circumstances, to have us Process your Personal
		Information only with your consent.
Objection to Processing:Where we are Processing your Personal Information on the grounds of its legitimate
		interests, or to carry out tasks in the public interest or to exercise official authority, you have a right to
		object to the Processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. In cases where you object to our
		Processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, the Processing will cease.
Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further Processing of your Personal Data.
Data Portability: This allows you to request a copy of your Personal Information that it has on file and to
		transfer that information to someone else without any interference from us. In some cases, you may be able to
		request that we transfer your Personal Information directly to a third party on your behalf.
In addition, to the extent that we Process any of your Personal Information on the basis of your consent, you have
	the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of Processing that was based on
	your consent before its withdrawal.
If you are a natural person residing in the EU and at any time you believe we have violated one of your rights listed
	above, or if you believe we are in violation of one or more of the provisions of the GDPR, you have the right to
	lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority. More information about the Data Protection Authorities can be
	found at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas_en
.
State Privacy Rights:
Various states (including Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas,
	Utah, and Virginia) provide (now or in the future) their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we Process their Personal Information;
Access and delete certain Personal Information;
Correct inaccuracies in their Personal Information, taking into account the information’s nature and
		Processing purpose (excluding Iowa and Utah);
Data portability;
Opt-out of personal data Processing for targeted advertising (excluding Iowa), sales, or profiling in
		furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects (excluding Iowa and Utah);
Either limit (opt-out of) or require consent to Process sensitive personal data.
The exact scope of these rights may vary by state. To make a request regarding any of these rights or to ask
	questions or provide comments, please contact us via
support@musicleague.com
.
California Resident Privacy Notice:
If you are a California consumer, the following provisions apply to our Processing of information that identifies,
	relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or
	indirectly, with you or your household (“California Personal Information”). For California consumers,
	the following provisions prevail over any conflicting provisions in other sections of this Privacy Policy.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the
	sources listed below:
Identifiers, such as a real name, physical address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet
		Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. This category of information is
		collected from you, your devices, third parties (such as linked sites), and public databases.
Personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) (California customer records statute), such as a name,
		address, telephone number. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, our affiliates, or
		other third parties such as our business partners.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as age and gender. This
		category of information is collected from you when you choose to provide it to us directly or indirectly through
		our service providers and business partners as part of our surveys and market research or as part of our
		Services.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing
		or consuming histories or tendencies. This category of information is collected from you, our affiliates, or
		other third parties such as our business partners.
Internet or other similar network activity, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history,
		browser settings like language preference, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a
		website, application, or advertisement. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
Sensory data, including electronic, visual, or similar information. This category of information, such as
		photos, is collected from you and third parties (such as linked sites), or our service providers.
Inferences, such as a profile about a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and behavior, drawn from
		information we collect and insights we receive from third parties such as our marketing and advertising partners
		and data analytics providers.
We have collected the following categories of Sensitive Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed
	below:
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs. This information may be provided by you through
		your use of the Services, your preferences, or your user profile.
Health, sex life, or sexual orientation information. This information may be provided by you through your use of
		the Services, your preferences, or your user profile.
Please see the “What information does Music League, LLC collect?” section of our Policy to learn more
	about the types of information we collect and how we collect them.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of business purposes such
	as:
Fulfilling your orders and requests for products, Services, and information;
Audits and reporting relating to particular transactions and interactions, including online interactions, you
		may have with us or others on our behalf;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity,
		and prosecuting the same;
Debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems;
Short-term, transient use including contextual customization of ads;
Providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing
		customer service, fulfilling transactions, verifying identity information, processing payments, and other
		services;
Conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology;
Conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality of services or devices which we may own,
		control, or provide;
Other business purposes described in the “Why does Music League, LLC collect this information?”
		section of this Policy.
We may also use the information we collect for our own operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you
	additional notice, or for purposes compatible with the context in which the California Personal Information was
	collected.
Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed California Personal Information for our business purposes. To learn more
	about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see the“
Will Music
		League, LLC share this information with third parties?
” section of this Policy.
We do not sell and, within the last 12 months, we have not sold, California Personal Information, including
	California Personal Information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information,
	including:
The right to request that we disclose to you:
the specific pieces of California Personal Information we have collected;
the categories of California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling California Personal Information; and
the categories of third parties with whom we share California Personal Information.
The right to request that we delete California Personal Information about you.
You may request to exercise these rights by:
Calling us toll-free at (877)796-9343; or
Emailing us at
support@musicleague.com
; or
Writing us at Music League, LLC, 500 Locust Street, #112, Des Moines, Iowa 50309.
As required under applicable law, please note that we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you
	access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may require you to provide your first
	name, last name, and email address to verify your identity in response to exercising requests of the above type. You
	will, therefore, need access to your email account to receive our communications necessary to process your request.
	Please make sure to check your spam inbox to ensure these important communications are not missed. We may limit our
	response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to
	exercise your rights above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record
	of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law.
Under California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a
	designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to
	provide proof of that written permission. We may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request,
	even if you choose to use an agent.
Non-Discrimination
We may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights or any other rights, subject
	to the rights and the obligations under the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by:
Denying you goods or services;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts, loyalty
		programs, or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality
		of goods or services.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA privacy rights.
For international residents:
Music League, LLC is headquartered in the United States of America. It and its authorized processors may transfer
	your information to the United States of America and access it from the Unites States of America for the Purposes
	described in this Policy. Music League, LLC protects the privacy and security of Personal Information in the manner
	described in this Policy regardless of where it is collected, stored, accessed, or otherwise Processed.
Does this Policy ever change?
Music League, LLC may post changes to this Policy on this page. Please refer to the “last updated” date
	above. We may or may not contact you directly concerning significant changes, and therefore we encourage you to
	visit this page periodically and check. By continuing your use of the Services after a change to this Policy, you
	are deemed to consent to any changes.
To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at
support@musicleague.com
or:
Music League, LLC
500 Locust Street; #112
Des Moines, IA 50309.