Codeway Dijital Hizmetler Anonim Şirketi
Privacy Policy and Personal Data Text
“Facedance”
Update Date:
2022-03-28
Objective
Codeway Dijital Hizmetler Anonim Şirketi
(“Codeway” or “Company”)
, aims to process the personal data of users in accordance with general
        principles of privacy and the provisions of the applicable data
        protection legislation to the relevant person, particularly Law on
        Personal Data Protection No. 6698, (
“PDP Law”
) and other applicable legislation.
Your personal data, which you provided/will provide to our Company
        and/or obtained by our Company by any external means, may be processed
        by our Company as “Data Controller”;
In the context of the objective of processing your personal data and
          in connection with this purpose, in a limited and measured
          manner,
By maintaining the accuracy and up-to-date version of the personal
          data as reported or notified to our Company,
May be recorded, stored, preserved, reorganized and be transferred to
          the institutions authorized to request such personal data by law and
          shall be transferred, classified and shared with third parties within
          the country or abroad under the conditions stipulated by legislation
          and upon your explicit consent if necessary, and they may be processed
          by other means listed under the legislation and be subject to
          other procedures set forth in the legislation.
This Privacy Policy is adopted for the continuance and improvement of
        the activities carried out by Codeway in line with the principles set
        forth in the PDP Law.
This Privacy Policy describes which data we collect, how we intend to
        use, store, protect and share the data we collect, how you can withdraw
        your consent for the processing of these data and how you can correct
        and revise the data.
Collection of Personal Data and Method
Codeway may process your personal data for the purposes specified in
        this Privacy Policy.
The personal data of users collected and used by Codeway in particular,
        are as follows: your name and surname, e-mail address and phone number
        which we will receive once you contact Codeway, your order information
        if you make a purchase through in-app purchase, your photo and facial
        feature data you have uploaded to Facedance application (
Facedance
) and identifier for advertisers designated in your mobile device used
        in accessing our services (The Identifier for Advertisers-IDFA),
        identifier for vendors/developers designated your mobile device (The
        Identifier for Vendors-IDVF) and Internet Protocol Address-IP
        Address).
Data Categories and Data Types
Identity Information
Name and surname
Contact Information
Phone number, e-mail address
Process Security
Internet traffic data (network movements, IP address, visit
                data, time and date information),
general location data such as country and/or city,
device name, In-app purchase history, identifier for
                advertisers designated in your mobile device used in accessing
                our services (if you give a permission, the Identifier for
                Advertisers-IDFA), identifier for vendors/developers designated
                your mobile device (The Identifier for Vendors-IDVF)
Visual and Audio Records
Your photo,
Facial feature data
Customer Transaction
Order information
Marketing Data
IDFA, IDVF
We may collect your abovementioned data directly from you through
        electronic or physical mediums, your mobile device, third party
        applications or third party sources which you can access our application
        through these mediums such as Apple App Store, Google Play App Store,
        Amazon App Store (similar platforms together with “App
        Stores”), for the purposes of compliance with legal obligations,
        enhancing  our services, administering  your use of our
        services, as well as enabling you to enjoy and easily navigate our
        services.
We may collect your log data generated while you are using our
        services/applications (through our products or third party products).
        This log data may include information such as your device’s
        Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating
        system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our
        service/application, the time/date of your use of the
        service/application, and other statistics.
General Principles Regarding Personal Data Processing
In accordance with this Privacy Policy, personal data are processed by
        Codeway as a data controller in line with the basic principles named
        here:
(i)
being in accordance with law and good faith,
(ii)
being accurate and, where necessary, up-to-date,
(iii)
being processed for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes,
(iv)
being limited for the purpose for which they are processed and
        data minimization; and
(v)
being stored for the period stipulated in the relevant
        legislation or required for the purpose for which they are processed.
Purposes of Processing Personal Data and Legal Reasons
Your personal data will be processed via automatic or non-automatic
        means for the purposes stated below, in accordance with the applicable
        legislation and articles 5 and 6 of the PDP Law where it is expressly
        permitted by the laws, the establishment of a contract or direct
        relation to the execution or performance of the contract and for
        the legitimate interests of Codeway provided that your fundamental
        rights and freedoms are protected.
a) Purposes of Processing Personal Data
In accordance with this text, your personal data is processed for the
        following purposes in accordance with the above general
        conditions:
Identity Information
Contact Information
execution of activities in compliance with legislation
execution of company/product/service commitment
                  operations
execution of communication activities
execution/auditing of business activities
conducting after-sales support services for
                  goods/services
execution of goods/services sales processes
conducting storage and archive activities
execution of agreement processes
Process Security
execution of information security processes
conducting audit/ethical activities
execution/audit of business activities
conducting activities to ensure business continuity
providing information to authorized persons, institutions and
                  organizations
Customer Transaction
execution/auditing of business activities
conducting after-sales support services for
                  goods/services
execution of goods/services sales processes
conducting activities for customer satisfaction
execution of agreement processes
Visual and Audio Records
execution of activities in compliance with legislation
execution of agreement processes
conducting storage and archive activities
execution/auditing of business activities
conducting activities to ensure business continuity
execution of activities for customer satisfaction
Marketing Data
conducting marketing analysis studies
execution of advertising/campaign /promotion processes
Besides, the purposes of processing personal data may be updated in
        line with our obligations arising from our company policies and
        legislation; in particular,
Creating user accounts for the service recipients/application
          users,
Customizing our Services, understanding our users and their
          preferences to enhance user experience and enjoyment using our
          Services and improve our users’ experience,
Informing about new products, services and applications and
          delivering you information regarding advertisements and
          promotions,
Carrying out a digital subscription and in-app purchase processes of
          service recipients,
Carrying out the auto-renewable subscriptions for giving users access
          to content, services, or premium features in our service,
Carrying out the processes of information security,
Conducting activities in accordance with legislation,
Fulfilling the demands of competent authorities,
Conducting the processes of finance and accounting
          transactions,
Conducting communication activities,
Conducting the processes of contracts,
Carrying out strategic planning activities,
Following up requests and complaints.
b) Legal Reasons
Identity Information
Contact Information
Customer Transaction
It is necessary to process your personal data, provided that
                  we establish a contractual relationship with you, or that it
                  is directly related to our performance obligation arising from
                  this contract
We have to process data in order to establish a right for
                  you, to exercise and protect this right
Visual and Audio Records
It is necessary to process your personal data, provided that
                  we establish a contractual relationship with you, or that it
                  is directly related to our performance obligation arising from
                  this contract
We have to process data in order to establish a right for
                  you, to exercise and protect this right
Processing is necessary for our legitimate interests,
                  provided that your fundamental rights and freedoms of are not
                  harmed
Process Security
The law explicitly stipulates the process by which we process
                  your personal data
Conditions that are necessary in order to fulfill our legal
                  obligation
Marketing Data
Your explicit consent (acquired via Apple and/or
                  Google)
Third Party Websites and Applications
Facedance; may contain links to other websites that are unknown to
        Codeway and whose content is not controlled. These linked websites may
        contain terms and conditions other than Codeway texts. Codeway cannot be
        held responsible for the use or disclosure of information that these
        websites may process. Likewise, Codeway shall not have any
        responsibility for any links from other sites provided to Facedance
        owned by Codeway.
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge
        and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how
        it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this
        information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you
        with some of your desired services without it.
Cookies
Cookies are little text files that are stored on the browser or hard
        drive of your computer or mobile device when you visit a webpage or
        application.  Cookies allow a website to run more efficiently in
        addition to ensuring the presentation of personalized web pages in order
        to make you live a faster visit experience which is more fit for your
        specific personal needs and demands. Containing only data on your
        website visit history via the internet, cookies do not collect any
        information, including your personal data/files stored on your computer
        or mobile device. We may use cookies when it is necessary for operating
        our services, to enhance our service performance and functionality, and
        to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our
        sites, or third-party sites. You can delete cookies which are already
        present on your computer and prevent the recording/location of cookies
        on your internet explorer.
Internet browsers are predefined to automatically accept the cookies as
        default. As the management of cookies varies from browser to browser,
        you may look at the help menu of the browser or application to get
        detailed information.
Push Notifications
Codeway may occasionally send you push notifications via its mobile
        applications regarding application upgrades or notifications about our
        services. You can always edit such communication and notifications
        through the settings on your device and stop receiving such
        communications and notifications.
Your data will be stored for the duration specified in the applicable
        legislation or for a reasonable time until the purpose of processing
        cease to exist, or during legal periods of limitation.
Codeway may continue to store your personal data, even after the expiry
        of the purpose of its use provided that it is required by other laws or
        a separate granted by you in this regard.
In cases that you allow Codeway to store your personal data for
        additional time by giving your consent, such data shall be immediately
        deleted, destructed or anonymized upon the expiry of such additional
        time or once the purpose of processing no longer exists.
Technical and Administrative Measures
Codeway stores the personal data it processes in accordance with
        relevant legislation for periods stipulated in relevant legislation or
        required for the purpose of processing. Codeway undertakes to take all
        necessary technical and administrative measures and to take the due care
        to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal data.
        In this context, it takes the necessary measures to prevent unlawful
        processing of personal data, unauthorized access to data, unlawful
        disclosure, modification or destruction of data. Accordingly, Codeway
        takes the following technical and administrative measures regarding the
        personal data it processes:
Anti-virus application.
On all computers and servers in Codeway's information
        technology infrastructure, a periodically updated anti-virus application
        is installed.
Firewall.
The data center and disaster recovery centers hosting Codeway
        servers are protected by periodically updated software-loaded firewalls;
        the relevant next generation firewalls control the internet connections
        of all staff and provide protection against viruses and similar threats
        during this control.
VPN.
Suppliers can access Codeway servers or systems through SSL-VPN
        defined on Firewalls. A separate SSL-VPN identification has been made
        for each supplier; with the identification made, the supplier only
        provides access to the systems that it should use or is authorized to
        use.
User identifications.
Codeway employees' authorization to Codeway systems is
        limited only to the extent necessary by job descriptions; in case of any
        change of authority or duty, systemic authorizations are also updated.
Information security threat and event management.
Events that occur on Codeway servers and firewalls, are
        transferred to the “Information Security Threat and Event
        Management” system. This system alerts the responsible staff when
        a security threat occurs and allows them to respond immediately to the
        threat.
Encryption.
Sensitive data is stored with cryptographic methods and if required,
        transferred through environments encrypted with cryptographic methods
        and cryptographic keys are stored in secure and various
        environments.
Logging.
All transaction records regarding sensitive data are securely
        logged.
Two-factor authentication.
Remote access to sensitive data is allowed through at least two-factor
        authentication.
Training.
In order to increase the awareness of Codeway employees against various
        information security violations and to minimize the impact of the human
        factor in information violation incidents, trainings are provided to
        employees at regular intervals.
Physical data security.
It ensures that personal data on papers is necessarily stored in
        lockers and accessed only by authorized persons. Adequate security
        measures (for situations such as electric leakage, fire, deluge,
        thievery etc.) are taken based on the nature of the environment where
        sensitive data is stored.
Backup.
Codeway periodically backs up the data it stores.  As a
        backup mechanism, it uses the backup facilities provided by the cloud
        infrastructure providers, as well as the backup solutions it develops
        when deemed necessary, provided that it is in compliance with relevant
        legislation and provisions of this Policy.
Non-disclosure agreement.
Non-disclosure agreements are concluded with employees taking part in
        sensitive personal data processing.
Transfer of sensitive personal data.
If transfer of sensitive personal data is required through email; such
        transfer is done through (i) encrypted corporate email or (ii)
        Registered E-mail.
In the event that the personal data is damaged as a result of attacks
        on Facedance or on the Codeway system, despite Codeway taking the
        necessary information security measures, or the personal data is
        obtained by unauthorized third parties, Codeway notifies this situation
        to Users immediately and, if necessary, to relevant data protection
        authority and takes necessary measures.
Transferring Personal Data to Third Parties
The procedures and principles to be applied for transferring of
        personal data are regulated in articles 8 and 9 of the PDP Law, and the
        personal and special categories of data of the supplier may be
        transferred to third parties within the country or abroad since we may
        use servers and cloud systems located abroad.
Your personal data may be transferred abroad for the following
        reasons:
Conducting storage and archive activities
Conducting business activities
Conducting after-sales support services for goods/services
Managing customer relationship management processes
Conducting marketing processes
Conducting advertisement/campaign/promotion processes
Codeway may also transfer your personal data to services providers of
        our Company, third parties such as Facebook SDK, Adjust and Firebase
        Analytics which are embedded into our servicefor the following
        purposes:
Sharing identity, communication and transaction security information
          with authorized public institutions and organizations for the purpose
          of execution of activities in compliance with legislation, monitor and
          execution of legal affairs, informing authorized persons, institutions
          and organizations.
Sharing identity and contact information to manage after-sales
          support services, conduct business activities and manage customer
          relationship management processes.
Special Conditions on Processing of Biometric Data within
          User-Generated Content and other Provisions regarding User-Generated
          Content
This section contains specific information about what kind of data is
        collected when you create a User Generated Content (
UGC
) as per the Terms and Conditions. This section shall only be
        applicable when UGC is created.
Data categories and data types processed within UGC and its collection
        method:
When you create an UGC, in addition to the personal data mentioned
        under Article 2; below data are also obtained:
Biometric data:
video footage of your entire face,
the mathematical representation of your face, the movement of your
          facial features (your gestures), the depth of your facial
          features.
We collect your abovementioned biometric data directly from you through
        electronic mediums.
Purposes of processing personal data within UGC:
Your biometric data obtained within these UGC processes are processed
        for the following purposes in accordance with the above general
        conditions:
Execution of activities in accordance with the legislation,
Execution and performance of agreements,
Execution of company/product/service commitment operations
Execution of communication activities
Conducting storage and archive activities
Execution/supervision of business activities,
Execution of communication activities,
Carrying out production and operation processes in relation to
          goods/services,
Conducting activities to ensure business continuity
Execution of activities for customer satisfaction
Legal reasons of
processing personal data within UGC:
Limited to these data processing purposes, we process your biometric
        data with your explicit consent.
Transfer of personal
data within UGC:
In addition to the groups your personal data is transferred as per
        Article 4,
Codeway can transfer your visual and audio records and biometric data
        obtained within the UGC, to all other Facedance users (domestic and/or
        abroad)
for conducting business activities and carrying out production and
        operation processes in relation to goods/services;
the UGC as a whole together with the personal data within it can be
        transferred o suppliers, platforms such as Codeway’s accounts,
        social media platforms (including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter,
        Instagram, Youtube, etc.). for the purposes of conducting marketing,
        advertisement/campaign/promotion processes; based on your explicit
        consent.
Remaining articles in this Privacy Policy shall also be applicable for
        the personal data obtained within UGC processes.
Your Rights as the Data Subject
Pursuant to Article 11 of the PDP Law, you may request the following
        regarding your personal data by applying to Codeway:
Learn whether or not your personal data have been processed;
Whether or not your data have been processed;
Learn the purpose of the processing of personal data and whether data
          are used in accordance with their purpose;
Know the third parties in the country or abroad to whom your personal
          data have been transferred;
In case the personal data is processed incompletely or inaccurately;
          requesting notification of the transactions made under this scope to
          third parties to whom personal data have been transferred;
Request deletion, destruction or anonymization of personal data if
          the reasons for the processing have disappeared and request
          notification of the transactions made under this scope to third
          parties to whom personal data have been transferred;
Object to occurrence of any result that is to your detriment by means
          of the analysis of personal data exclusively through automated
          systems;
Request compensation for the damages in case  you incur damages
          due to unlawful processing of your personal data.
Where General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
) is applicable, data subjects have the following rights:
Right of access - Learning whether personal data is being processed
          and, if so, accessing your personal data and the information regarding
          the processing of your personal data,
Right to correction -To request the correction of information that
          you believe is inaccurate or the completion of information that you
          believe is incomplete by Codeway,
Right to delete – To request deletion of personal data under
          the conditions stipulated in GDPR,
The right to restrict processing - To request the restriction of the
          processing of personal data under the conditions stipulated in the
          GDPR,
Right to object to processing - To object to the processing of
          personal data under the conditions stipulated in the GDPR,
Right to data portability - To request the data collected by Codeway
          to be transferred directly to another organization or under certain
          conditions,
Objection to the occurrence of a result against the person
          himself/herself, by analyzing the processed data exclusively through
          automatic systems, including profiling.
In the application that includes your explanations about the right you
        have as the data subject and exercise your rights stated above and that
        you request to exercise; your request must be explicit and
        understandable, if the subject of your request is related to you or if
        you are acting on behalf of someone else, you must be specially
        authorized in this regard and your authority must be documented, the
        application must contain identity and address information and documents
        proving your identity must be attached to the application. Our Company
        will enable you to file such requests through the “
Data Subject Application Form
” at
support@codeway.co
. In accordance with Article 13 of the PDP Law, our Company will
        finalize your requests, free of charge, within 30 (thirty) days at the
        latest depending on the nature of the request. In case the request is
        rejected, the reason or reasons for the rejection will be notified in
        writing or electronically along with its justification.
If you believe that we or someone with whom we have transferred your
        data is violating your rights, you can file a complaint to the data
        protection authority in your country and to other competent supervisory
        authorities.
This Privacy Policy may be revised by our Company when deemed
        necessary. If you continue to access Facedance and use or access
        Facedance without benefiting from the Services offered by Codeway after
        the notification period, you shall be deemed to have allowed the changes
        in this Privacy Policy. You can access the most up-to-date version of
        this Privacy Policy at
https://storage.googleapis.com/static-assets.facedance.app/legal/privacy.html
.
Company Title
:
Codeway Dijital Hizmetler Anonim Şirketi
Address:
Esentepe Mahallesi Büyükdere Cad. Ferko Apt. No:
                175/141 Şişli/İstanbul
E-mail:
support@codeway.co
Tel:
+90-212-807-0096
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://storage.googleapis.com/static-assets.facedance.app/legal/privacy.html&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1648489382919383&usg=AOvVaw04Ru1CFMeqKmQvrdxz-vAl:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://storage.googleapis.com/static-assets.facedance.app/legal/privacy.html
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.