This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 18, 2024.
Table of Contents
A. Summary
B. Information We Collect
C. Information We Share
D. Information Security
I. Your Privacy Consent Management
II. Cookies we use
III. App
IV. User Account
V. Store
VI. Links to external social networks and social media widgets
VII. Newsletter and other marketing information
VIII. Affiliate Marketing
IX. Log information
X. Notice to California Users
XI. Do Not Sell My Personal Information
XI. Your right to information and other rights of the persons affected
XII. Changes
A. Summary
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to being transparent with how we use your information. Our website
www.highsnobiety.com
(the “Website”), mobile application (the “App”), physical stores (the ‘Store’) and any of our services provided online and in-store as well as sites directing you to this Privacy Policy are controlled by Titel Media GmbH, Genthiner Strasse 32–34, 10785 Berlin, Germany (collectively “we” or “us”).
For the website visitors from the US:
please note that we only provide the EU website visitors with the necessary information and we do not aim to extend your contractual rights. To know about your data rights as a website visitor from California, please see section XII “Notice to California Users” of this Privacy Notice.
Data controller & responsible body. Data Protection Officer.
Titel Media GmbH, Genthiner Strasse 32–34, 10785 Berlin, Germany
Duly represented by David Fischer, Jürgen Hopfgartner
Data Protection Officer, dpo@highsnobiety.com
For all questions on the subject of data protection in connection with our products/services or the use of our website, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer at any time. This person can be reached at the above postal address and at the e-mail address given above (keyword: "to the attention of the Data Protection Officer"). We expressly point out that if you use this e-mail address, the contents will not be exclusively noted by our data protection officer. If you wish to exchange confidential information, please therefore first contact us directly via this e-mail address.
Our Privacy Policy Explains
What information we collect and why we collect it (section I – XI)
How we use that information (section I – XI)
A notice to users from California (section XII)
Your rights with regard to the processing of personal data by Titel Media (section XIII)
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to know more about what information we collect and store, please contact us at dpo@highsnobiety.com.
Purposes of data collection, data processing and data use
Titel Media is engaged in operating online publications covering forthcoming trends and news in fashion, art, music, and culture. Titel Media collects and processes personal data for the following purposes:
Operation of the Website, App, including statistical analysis of the use
Provision and management of online store account
Provision of Website and App content
Advertising and market research
Execution of purchase contracts, managing deliveries, returns, refunds, warranty matters and notification of the details and the status of the orders in online and physical stores
Fraud prevention, selection of payment methods and credit check
Processing of job applications
On the basis of your consent
Groups of people concerned and the associated data and category of data
We process customers’ and website visitors’ personal data, the data of job applicants as well as the data of business partners from our service providers and partner companies insofar it is needed to fulfil the processing purposes.
The following data categories are processed:.
Profile information
Contact details
Shopping information
Payment details
Messages, conversation content
Social network data
Site data/Access data
Tracking data
Job applications
Survey, newsletter and marketing communication preferences data
Children under 16
Our services are not directed toward children under 16 and we will not knowingly collect information for any child under the age of 16.
If you are the parent of a child under the age of 16 and have a concern regarding your child’s information in connection with our services, please contact us at
dpo@highsnobiety.com
.
Recipients or groups of recipients to whom data may be disclosed
Public authorities in connection with an overriding legal regulation, contractors in connection with a partnership in accordance with Art. 28 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), for example, technical service providers, external partners (for example, consultancies, marketing agencies, law companies) and internal departments of Titel Media GmbH, Zalando Group companies to fulfil the purposes of data processing (for more information please see “Purposes of data collection, data processing and data use”).
Time limits for the deletion of data
Under statutory provisions, a variety of obligations and periods apply with regard to the data retention. We only store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected the data. Once these retention periods have expired, the corresponding data must be erased as a matter of routine, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law, due to statutory retention obligations or there is another legal basis under data protection law for the continued processing of your data in the specific individual case.
For evidence purposes, we must retain contractual data for three years from the end of the calendar year in which the business relationship with you ends. Any claims become statute-barred at this point at the earliest in accordance with the standard statutory limitation period. Even after this period, we still have to store some of your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so due to the requirements that may arise from the German Commercial Code, the German Fiscal Code, the German Banking Act, the German Money Laundering Act and the German Securities Trading Act. The periods specified therein for the retention of documents are two to ten years.
Transfer of data to third countries
As further detailed in this Privacy Notice, data may be transferred to third countries, i.e., countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) in connection with certain services.
Insofar as this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision or a provider has not been certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Art. 45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Union or binding corporate rules. Where this is not possible, we rely on the derogations of Art. 49 GDPR, in particular your explicit consent or necessity of data transfer for performance of the contract or for implementation of the pre-contractual measures. If third country data transfer is foreseen and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g., secret services) may obtain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyse it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. When obtaining your consent via the cookie consent banner, you will also be informed about it.
Legal basis for the collection and processing of personal data
We may also process your personal data which is required to fulfil our legal obligations pursuant to Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR.
Furthermore, we may process your personal data which is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract entered in your interest pursuant Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, for example, when you conduct a purchase in our store or online store. This legal basis also applies to the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
We may also process your personal data which is required to fulfill our legal obligations pursuant to Article 6(1)(c) GDPR.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data which is necessary in order to realise our or third party’s legitimate interest, except where such considerations are overridden by the need to protect your interests or fundamental rights, is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
B. Personal data we collect
We collect information for example to fulfil orders in our store, to answer customers’ requests and to provide better services to our users and customers as well as to improve our business. The list of purposes of data collection and data processing are provided in “Purpose of data collection, data processing and data use”. We collect information in following ways:
Information you give us or information provided through a social network
For example, some of our services require you to sign up for a customer account, provide information for a contest or award, or login to an account through a social network. The information we collect includes email, name, phone number, address, and credit card information. Such information is necessary to render the services requested and/or to provide contractual services. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Unless statutory provisions provide otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose ceases to apply, e.g. if the services are performed in full or if you unsubscribe from our services.
When you contact us, either by email, live chat or by using our contact forms, we collect the data you have submitted with your request (including name, email, message content, IP address) and may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b), if the request is related to the conclusion or execution of a contract, and otherwise Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Unless statutory provisions govern otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose of processing ceases to apply, e.g. if we have fulfilled your request.
When you make a purchase in our online store, we collect personal data required to process your order. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please see section IV. below for further details.
We work with social networks including Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, and YouTube to communicate with our customers. We have access to information you directly provide and information through those social networking services based on your privacy settings on those networks when you visit or contact us on our social pages. Please see section V. below for further details. Such information serves to enhance the usability of our services. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Unless statutory provisions provide otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose ceases to apply.
Information we gather from surveys
If you take part in one of our surveys, we store your contact data and the information you provide as part of the survey. We use this data in anonymous form only. It is not possible to draw any conclusions about your person. We publish the results of the survey on our Website or share them with partner companies, e.g. advertising partners or connected websites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
To receive surveys and to process your personal data for survey purposes, we will ask you for your prior consent. In this case the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent for receiving surveys and for processing survey data at any time.
Information we get from your use of our services
We may collect usage information when you visit different parts of our Website, use our App or use in-store tablets. We may also automatically collect certain technical information such as device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, device type, unique device identifiers, and mobile information if you use a mobile device to access the Website). If this information is necessary to provide our services, the legal basis is Art. 6(1)(b) and (f) GDPR. In other cases, we ask you for your consent and process your information on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. Please see section I. below for details.
Information we collect from your job application
You can apply for open positions with us via our
application management system
Greenhouse provided by Greenhouse Software, Inc. (registered address: 228 Park Avenue S PMP 14744, New York, 10003-1502, USA) or via email to
hr@highsnobiety.com
. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Greenhouse.  Greenhouse may store and process the above-mentioned data outside the European Economic Area (to the USA). Greenhouse Software Inc. has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
The purpose of the data collection is the selection of applicants for the possible employment relationship establishment. To receive and process your application, we process the following personal data in particular (hereinafter "Application data"):
First and last name;
Email address, telephone number;
Application documents (e.g., references, curriculum vitae);
Date of earliest possible start of job;
Salary expectations.
The legal basis for the processing of your application data is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR.
We store your personal data upon receipt of your application. If we accept your application and an employment relationship is established, we retain your application data for as long as it is necessary for the employment relationship and to the extent that legal regulations require us to retain it. If your application is rejected, we will store your application data for a maximum of three months after the rejection of your application, unless you give us your consent to store it for a longer period. If you have separately provided us with your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR, we will store your data submitted as part of the application in our talent pool for a further twelve months after the end of the application process in order to identify any further positions that may be of interest to you and, if necessary, to approach you again. After this period, the data will be deleted. You can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future.
Sometimes we proactively search online for candidates for our open positions and may then receive your personal data from sources such as LinkedIn or XING or other professional networks where you have published your profile. We may then store some of your data (such as name, link to your profile, please adjust accordingly) in our database and contact you to inform you about our open positions. If there are currently no vacancies, we will ask for your consent to store the data in the Talent Pool.
The legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR if the data processing is based on our legitimate interest and Art. 6(1)(a) if the data processing is based on your consent.
C. Information We Share
We do not share personal information with companies, outside organisations and individuals unless one of the following circumstances apply:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, outside organisations or individuals if we have your consent to do so. We will also seek your additional consent in case purposes of processing change and we will notify you about it.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates, service providers or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Notice and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These companies are authorised to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. If personal data is transferred to or processed in countries outside the European Union or European Economic Area, we make sure that our contractors guarantee an adequate level of data protection.
For legal reasons
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will share personal information with companies, outside organisations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
In case of a sale or asset transfer
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information (including personal information collected from you through your use of our services) could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you and ask for your consent where applicable.
In anonymous form for business purposes
We may share anonymous, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners such as businesses which we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
D. Information Security
We work hard to protect our users and customers from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
dpo@highsnobiety.com
.
I. Your Tracking Consent Management
When visiting our Website, we will ask you for your consent to use certain cookies and similar tracking technologies. You can at any time revoke your consent for either all cookies and similar tracking technologies or for individual ones by clicking the button below. If you have any questions or concerns on this process, please send an email to
dpo@highsnobiety.com
.
Edit Consent
We use Usercentrics, a Consent Management Platform provided by Usercentrics GmbH, Rosental 4, 80331 Munich, Germany (“Usercentrics”). The Consent Management Platform allows us to comply with the statutory provision pursuant to Art 7(1)(a) GDPR. Usercentrics allows us to inform the users about specific tags, cookies and other web technologies on our Website and to obtain, manage and document the users’ consent.
Cookies and similar tracking technologies (“Tools”)
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your device by the browser. Cookies are not used to run programs or download viruses onto your computer. Similar tracking technologies are in particular web storage (local / session storage), fingerprints, tags or pixels. Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies and similar technologies. However, you can usually adjust your browser settings so that cookies or comparable technologies are rejected or only stored with your prior consent. If you reject cookies or comparable technologies, it is possible that not all of our offers will function properly for you.
Some cookies are automatically deleted when you end your browser session (“session cookies”). Some cookies will remain stored on your device (“persistent cookies”), for example, to recognize you as a returning user, to gather information about the use of our services and our audience or to display information or advertising tailored to your interests on our Website or on other websites. These cookies will be deleted automatically after a certain period of time.
II. Tools we use on our Website
Data processing via the Consent Management Platform
This website uses various services and applications (collectively, "Tools") that are deployed either by Highsnobiety itself or by third parties through the Consent Management Platform ("CMP"). Below, users will be informed about the use of Usercentrics with IAB TCF, the technologies used, the purposes and legal basis, and the tools specifically used by Highsnobiety.
Usercentrics, IAB TCF and TC String
The Usercentrics tool by Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich ("Usercentrics") is used as the CMP for obtaining and managing user consents, revocations and objections. The current version of the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework ("TCF") standard is observed, which specifies conclusive categories of processing purposes and the associated legal bases. In addition, TCF makes it possible to directly forward the decisions made by users in the CMP, such as consents, revocations and objections, to the providers of the technologies in the CMP. The so-called TC string is used for this purpose. This ensures that the current wishes of the users are always observed and followed by the providers. The content of the TC string is described below.
Usercentrics generates a banner that informs users about the data processing on this website and gives them the option to consent to all, some or no data processing through optional tools. This banner appears on the first visit to this website and when users revisit their choice of settings to change them or withdraw or object to consents. The banner will also appear on subsequent visits to this website if the information in the local storage has been deleted or has expired.
The following User Data is transferred to Usercentrics as part of the website visit: consents, revocations and objections, IP address, information about the browser, terminal device and the time of the visit. In addition, Usercentrics stores the following necessary information in local storage and session storage on the terminal device used for documentation purposes:
"uc_settings": storage of the consents, revocations and objections to each purpose category, the version of the CMP, the language and the User ID of Usercentrics;
"uc-tcf": storage of the TC string in machine-readable form for transmission to the providers of the tools under the IAB TCF with information on consents and legitimate interests as well as revocations and objections to individual purpose categories and individual providers;
"us-user-interaction": storage of the interaction with the banner that took place;
"uc-user-country" (session):Storage of the country.
Data processing by Usercentrics is necessary to provide users with the legally required consent management and to comply with documentation obligations. The legal basis for the use of Usercentrics is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c and f GDPR, justified by Highsnobiety’s interest in fulfilling the legal requirements for consent management. Access to and storage of information in the terminal device is absolutely necessary in these cases and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany in accordance with Section 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
Purposes of Processing and Functions in the CMP by IAB TCF
In general, the following processing purposes as defined by IAB may be pursued by providers in this CMP only with consent:
Purpose 1: Store and/or access information on a device;
Purpose 3: Create profiles for personalised advertising;
Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising;
Purpose 5: Create profiles to personalise content;
Purpose 6: Use profiles to select personalised content.
In addition to the designated processing purposes, the following special functions may only be used within the scope of this CMP with consent:
Special Feature 1: Use precise geolocation data;
Special Feature 2: Actively scan device characteristics for identification.
The following processing purposes may also be pursued by providers in this CMP with consent or with legitimate interest:
Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising;
Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance;
Purpose 8: Measure content performance;
Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources;
Purpose 10: Develop and improve services.
The following specific processing purposes may always be pursued in this CMP without consent:
Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix 
        errors;
Special Purpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content.
If there is an effective legal basis, the following functions may be used in this CMP:
Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources;
Feature 2: Link different devices;
Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically.
You can find a detailed information about the deployed tools which are currently part of the IAB TCF under
Edit Consent
, where you can also manage your consent.
Other Tools and their processing purposes outside of IAB TCF
We also use Tools which are not part of IAB TCF.
Detailed information about these cookies and other similar tracking technologies used on our Website, including information on the data processed, recipients, retention period and location of processing, can be found under
Edit Consent
, where you can also manage your consent.
In addition, users can control the use of cookies and other similar technologies at the individual browser level by changing your browser settings (mostly found under “Options” or “Settings” in the browser menu). You have the choice of accepting all cookies, being informed about each cookie or refusing all. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. If you choose not to accept cookies and similar technologies on our Website, it is possible that the functionality of our Website may be limited and some services may not be usable.
We use the following types of Tools:
Essential Tools
These Tools are absolutely necessary for the functionality of our Website and the provision of our services. Legal basis for their use is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, if Tools are used to enable the ordering process, or Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, for example, if Tools are used for fraud prevention. Access to and storage of information in the device is in these cases strictly necessary and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of the Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany according to § 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
Functional Tools
We use these Tools with your prior consent to analyse and improve the use of our Website and services. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(a) DSGVO. Access to and storage of information in the device is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany the § 25 (1) TTDSG.
Marketing Tools
Marketing Tools are used by our advertising partners to serve advertisements based on your interests and usage behaviour. We will only use such Tools with your prior consent. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the device is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany the § 25 (1) TTDSG.
3rd Party Media Tools (Emded Content)
We embed content from our profiles in social media and other media content provided by third parties (for example, YouTube, Instagram). These third party providers may use Tools to enable content sharing and measure user preferences. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the device is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art. 5(3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as for example in Germany the § 25 (1) TTDSG.
You can revoke your consent for Functional, Marketing, Third Party Media Tools and Embed at any time. To do so, open the settings directly via the link
Edit Consent
in the cookie banner of this website. There you can also change the selection of the tools you wish to consent to using, as well as obtain additional information about the cookies and the respective storage periods. Alternatively, you can assert your revocation for certain tools directly with the provider.
III. App
Download and installation of the App
Our App is available on app platforms run by third parties (e.g. Google Play and Apple App Store). Download may therefore require prior registration with the relevant app store. We have no control over the processing of your data in connection with your registration with and use of third-party app stores. Please see the terms of use and privacy notices of the respective app store operator for more details.
When downloading and installing the app, the necessary information is transferred to the respective app store, in particular your name, email address and account number, the time of download, payment information and the individual device identifier.
We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process this provided data only to the extent necessary for downloading and installing the app on your mobile device (e.g. smartphone, tablet). Beyond that, this data is not stored further.
The legal basis for data processing in our area of responsibility is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR for fulfilling purchase contracts and Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR in cases where Highsnobiety has a legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest is to enable the provision of the app. For data processing, which is the sole responsibility of the app store operator, we refer to their privacy statements:
Apple App Store:
https://support.apple.com/de-de/HT208477
and
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/
.
Our apps can be found at the following addresses in the app stores:
Apple App Store:
https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/highsnobiety/id1589980701
.
Logfiles
Besides the processing of automatically collected usage data according to sections B and D.IX, your mobile device may also automatically create log files on your device, which may contain various information of a technical nature (such as the type of message, date and time of the message, trigger of the message (e.g., an error, an app call), app used, indication of the content of the message). This is necessary for technical reasons so that the app functions properly and you can use the desired services. The legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to enable the provision and functions of the app and to ensure the permanent functionality and security of our systems. The storage of and the access to the logfiles is strictly necessary and thus allowed according to the implementation laws of the EU member states of the Art.5(3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany according to § 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
Sharing App content
If your operating system has an integrated function for sharing app content, you may share content or recommend products, including via social networks. The share functions used by our App are operating system-side functions. We do not receive any information on the recipients and content of your communication. Please see the terms of use and privacy notices of the manufacturer of your device and/or the social networks you use for more details.
System authorizations
In order to enable certain functions, our App must be able to access certain interfaces and data on your device. Depending on your operating system, this may require your express consent. Our App may request the following authorizations.
Requesting mobile data (iOS) or access to all networks and network connections (Android): When using or installing certain apps, these authorizations will be requested in order to allow an app to transfer data via your device’s internet connection (by WLAN or data connection). This authorization may be necessary in order to transfer inputs in the app, e.g. in the course of a search, to our servers.
Changing, deleting or reading the content of USB memory devices/SD cards: These authorizations are required to allow an app to store or read data on your device’s memory or any auxiliary storage. The app will only read the data which was stored in connection with the use of this app.
You can change your authorization settings in your devices’ system settings at any time.
Generally, these app authorizations are necessary to provide our app. Access to and storage of information in the mobile device is strictly necessary in these cases and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of the Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany according to § 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is then Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests are to enable the provision and basic functions of the app.
These authorizations are not consent in the meaning of data protection law. Insofar as information is stored or read in the device on the basis of the authorizations granted that is not strictly necessary for the provision of the app, or personal data is processed that cannot be based on our legitimate interests, we will obtain your consent separately. This is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art.5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany in accordance with § 25 (1) TTDSG, or for the processing of personal data in accordance with Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Push Notifications
Our App allows you to receive push notifications that will inform you about new content in our App, product availability updates, special offers or new products in the Store. We only send push notifications with your consent. If you activate push notifications, your device will be assigned a device-specific push ID that is technically required for sending such notifications.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art.6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time by deactivating push notifications in your device settings.
You can deactivate push notifications at any time via the settings on your mobile device. You can find instructions on how to do this at the following addresses, for example:
iOS:
https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/change-notification-settings-iph7c3d96bab/ios
IV. User Account
When you create an account in our App, on our Website or in-store using our iPad, we store your email address and a personal password.
If you have an account, you can order in-store or from our online store and save articles and products.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, if the data is collected in connection with an order (see Sec. VI. below for details), and otherwise our legitimate interest in offering the account functions according to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (for example, fraud prevention).
Unless we are required by law to retain your data for a longer period of time (as in the case of data for orders in our store and online store), your data will be deleted at the latest when you delete your account.
In the interest of data minimization, we delete your account if you have been inactive for more than 24 months, i.e. you have not logged in during this period.
V. Online Store
To place an order items from our online or in-store selection, you must create an account using your email address and a personal password.
When placing an order, we collect personal data required to process your order (name, billing address, shipping address, phone number, payment method, email address). These data may be transferred to payment and shipping service providers.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR. Due to legal regulations, we are obliged to store data for orders, including addresses and payment details, for 10 years.
Payments via PayPal are handled by Braintree, S. à r. l. et Cie, S. C. A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg („Braintree“). If you choose to pay by using Braintree, the information required to process the order (such as customer name, amount to be charged, date/time, bank account details, payment card details, CVC code, post code, country code, address, email address, fax, phone, website, expiry data, shipping details, tax status, unique customer identifier, IP Address, location, and any other data received by PayPal) will be transferred to Braintree. Braintree may forward this data outside the EEA. In this case, Braintree ensures an adequate level of data protection in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws. In particular, for transfers of personal data within PayPal related companies, Braintree relies on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities. Other transfers may be based on contractual protections. For payments via Braintree, a fraud check is also carried out. For this purpose, your IP address, phone number and/or email address may be forwarded to Braintree so that Braintree can verify the identity and carry out the fraud check. As part of the fraud check, an automated decision is made which may lead to the exclusion of the chosen payment method. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. For further information, please see
Braintree’s privacy policy
.
If you choose to pay by credit card, the information required to process the order (such as credit card number, purchase price and quantity, time of purchase, shipping address, phone number and email address) will be transferred to Stripe (Stripe Payments Europe Ltd.).Stripe can forward this data to Stripe Inc. based in the USA. In this case, the data is transferred to a server in the USA. Stripe, Inc. has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
For payments by credit card, a fraud check is also carried out. For this purpose, data such as credit card number, purchase price and quantity, time of purchase, shipping address, phone number and email address are forwarded to Stripe so that Stripe can verify the identity and carry out the fraud check. As part of the fraud check, an automated decision is made which may lead to the exclusion of the credit card payment method. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. For further information, please see
Stripe’s Privacy Policy
.
Our online store is hosted by commercetools, a service provided by commercetools GmbH, Adams-Lehmann-Str. 44, 80797 Munich, Germany. commercetools provides us with an e-commerce platform that allows us to sell products to you. Personal data submitted during the order process will be stored on commercetools’ servers. For further information, please see
commercetools’ Privacy Policy
.
VI. Social media profiles
Our Website includes links to social networks. Apart from this, we maintain profiles in social media. Please note that Titel Media is not liable for the privacy policies of these companies. We recommend you read the privacy policies of social media networks for further information.
Facebook and Instagram Social Media Profile (“Fanpages”)
When you visit our Facebook or Instagram Fanpage, Facebook collects personal data, even if you are not a member of Facebook. Please note that we have no control over the type and scope of such data processing. The users' data is usually processed by Facebook for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behavior profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
Facebook provides us with aggregated, anonymous demographic data only that helps us to better understand our audience (so-called “Page Insights”).
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
Highsnobiety and Facebook share responsibility for processing your data for providing Page Insights. For this purpose, we and Facebook have defined an agreement about which company fulfils the data protection obligations under the GDPR with regard to Page Insights data processing. You can view the agreement with Facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
For the information on the legal basis of the data processing carried out by Facebook under its own responsibility the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Facebook, as well as your rights against Facebook including the right to object to data processing in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit:
Facebook Insights
You may find more detailed information about your right to object data processing (Opt-Out) under the following pages: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ad and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be made most efficiently with Facebook, as Facebook have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly.
For more information about the data processing by Facebook please refer to
Facebook Privacy Policy
.
Login with Facebook
Our Website also allows you to register or sign-up to our services using your Facebook account. If you want to connect to highsnobiety.com through Facebook, as soon as you have logged in with your existing Facebook account, additional registration is no longer necessary. If you wish to use the Facebook sign-up option, you will first be redirected to the Facebook page. There you will be asked to log in with your username and password. Of course, we do not take any notice of these login data. The server to which a connection is established may be located in the USA. The following data can be transmitted to us through Facebook API: your name, profile picture, email address, gender, birthday, location, likes, friends and other information you make publicly available via Facebook; cookies used in particular: "-fbsr".
By confirming the corresponding registration button on our website, Facebook learns that you have registered on our site with your user account and links your user account with your customer account on our website.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR (your consent). Meta has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Facebook, see
Facebook’s own privacy rules
. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Facebook.
Twitter social media profile
We maintain a social media profile in X (formerly Twitter (by Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA or Twitter International Unlimited, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND (“X”)) in order to communicate with our customers and interested parties and to inform them about our products and services. The users' data is usually processed by X for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behavior profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
As part of the operation of our X social media page, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them.
The legal basis for data processing by X social media profile is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by X, see
see the privacy rules of X
.There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by X.
Snapchat social media profile
We also maintain a social media profile in Snapchat (Snapchat, Inc., 63 Market Street, Venice, CA 90291, USA (“Snapchat”)) in order to communicate with our customers and interested parties and to inform them about our products and services by using our video channel. The users' data is usually processed by Snapchat for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behavior profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
As part of the operation of our Snapchat social media page, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them.
The legal basis for data processing by Snapchat social media profile is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. Snapchat has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Snapchat, see
Snapchat’s own privacy rules
. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Snapchat.
YouTube social media profile
Our Website has links to our YouTube social media profile. The sole responsibility for YouTube and its website lies with Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4., Ireland (for EU, EEA and Switzerland) and Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
We maintain a social media profile in YouTube in order to communicate with our customers and interested parties and to inform them about our products and services by using our video channel. The users' data is usually processed by Google for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behaviour profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
As part of the operation of our YouTube social media page, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them.
The legal basis for data processing by YouTube social media profile is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Google, see
Google Privacy Policy
. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by YouTube. Google has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
VII. Newsletter and other marketing information
You have the opportunity to receive emails containing targeted information via our web service or on new products available online as well as in-store offers and events. In this case we must collect and save your email address, which we will only use to send the emails.
The service provider Iterable Inc., 71 Stevenson Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (hereinafter referred to as “Iterable”) is used as our processor for advertising campaigns and the sending of offers for our products in the newsletter. We have entered into a data processing agreement with this service provider. The following data may be processed,depending on the type of marketing information you have subscribed to:
- Your name,
- Your address,
- Your date of birth,
- Your gender and/or pronouns,
- Date of the last purchase, number of purchases,
- Your clothing and shoe size,
- Array of brands and product categories that have been purchased at Highsnobiety.
- Your location,
- Information on events or Highsnobiety Stores you have visited,
- Your Instagram handle.
Iterable may store and process the above-mentioned data outside the European Economic Area (to the USA). Iterable, Inc. has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
If you have expressly consented to receiving marketing information via email, the legal basis for such processing of personal data is Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. In case we are entitled to send a newsletter based on your previous purchase of goods or services, legal basis for such processing of personal data is § 7 (3) of the German Act Against Unfair Competition (UWG). In this case, the legal basis for the processing of personal data for advertising purposes is our legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) in advertising similar products or services.
We use standard market technologies in our marketing emails, with which the interactions with the emails can be measured (e.g., opening of a newsletter, links clicked on). We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical analysis and to optimise and further develop our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics embedded in the email (so-called pixels). The data is only collected pseudonymously and is not linked to your other personal data. The legal basis for this is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. We want to share content that is as relevant as possible for our customers via our newsletter and better understand what readers are actually interested in. If you do not want the analysis of usage behaviour, you can unsubscribe from the newsletters or deactivate graphics in your email programme by default.
You can unsubscribe from such marketing information at any time. At the end of the email you will find a link intended for this purpose and provides a simple way to cancel the marketing information or, alternatively, you can reach out to us via dpo@highsnobiety.com. In this case your data will be deleted. Unless statutory provisions provide otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose ceases to apply, e.g. if you unsubscribe from the newsletter.
VIII. Affiliate Marketing
We use affiliate links on our Website. In order to evaluate the use and success of these affiliate offers, we store and analyse information about the use of these links. This includes the IP address and interactions with the affiliate links (like clicks). This information is combined by one of our partners with information from the connected shops. On the basis of this information, anonymous statistics about the success of affiliate offers are compiled (e.g. the number of users who clicked on an affiliate link and the type and number of products purchased in our partner’s shop).
The legal basis for data processing by us is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, insofar as affiliate partners provide special offers for our customers. If you have consented to the use of Marketing Tools via our consent banner, this also applies to those affiliate partners who use cookies to make the referral of new users traceable. If you wish to withdraw your consent to this, you can adjust your settings under “Edit Consent”. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, insofar as we use the data to measure the success of the campaigns and to enable billing with the affiliate partners, based on our interest in effective advertising of our offers. The data will be deleted as soon as the purpose of the processing has ceased to exist, at the latest after 24 months.
IX. Log information
When you access our Website or App or view content provided by us, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This information may include:
Details of how you used our service, such as your navigation paths and search queries.
Mobile related information if you access our Website using your mobile device.
Internet protocol address.
Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Browser type, operating system, and other technical information.
Data processing of Website or App access data is necessary in order to enable the visit of the Website or App, to guarantee the permanent operability and security of our systems as well as for the general administrative maintenance of our Website or App. The access data is also temporarily stored in internal log files for the purposes described above, temporarily and limited to the most necessary content, for example in order to find the cause of repeated or criminal calls that endanger the stability and security of our Website or App and to take action against them. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, insofar as the page call is made in the course of initiating or executing a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in enabling the Website call and the permanent functionality and security of our systems.
X. Notice to California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act
Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), grants residents of California certain rights with respect to their Personal Information, described below. This Notice to California Customers supplements the information contained in Highsnobiety’s Privacy Notice. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice to California Customers.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information“). During the past twelve (12) months, below are categories of personal information we have either collected or not:
A. IDENTIFIERS
B. PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORIES LISTED IN THE CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER RECORDS STATUTE (CAL. CIV. CODE § 1798. 80(E))
C. PROTECTED CLASSIFICATION CHARACTERISTICS UNDER CALIFORNIA OR FEDERAL LAW
D. COMMERCIAL INFORMATION
E. BIOMETRIC INFORMATION
F. INTERNET OR OTHER SIMILAR NETWORK ACTIVITY
G. GEOLOCATION DATA
H. SENSORY DATA
I. PROFESSIONAL OR EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION
J. NON-PUBLIC EDUCATION INFORMATION (PER THE FAMILY EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS AND PRIVACY ACT (20 U. S. C. SECTION 1232G, 34 C. F. R. PART 99))
K. INFERENCES DRAWN FROM OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION
Under the CCPA, personal information does not include information that is publicly available, aggregated consumer information or those not covered by under the CCPA.
We only collect personal information in accordance with the Highsnobiety Privacy Notice(See Section B., Information we Collect)
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our or our affiliates’ assets in which personal information held by us or our affiliates about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We discuss in detail how we share information in the Highsnobiety Privacy Policy (See Section C. , Information we Share).
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we’ve collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we’ve collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we’ve collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq. ).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at dpo@highsnobiety.com.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we’ve collected personal information or an authorised representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales
The CCPA broadly defines “sale” in a way that may include the delivery of targeted advertising on the Services or other sites, including allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior. We may share the following categories of information for such advertising which may be considered a sale (as defined by California law)
device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; location information, such as city; and inference data.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
If you are a California resident and would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes (to the extent this is considered a sale), beginning January 1, 2020, you may do so using by sending an email to dpo@highsnobiety.com or using the following link
Edit Consent
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798. 83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to dpo@highsnobiety.com.
XI. Your right of access and data subject rights
To exercise following rights, please contact us as set forth in Section A “Summary” above.
You are entitled to the data subject rights stipulated in Art. 15 - 21, Art. 77 GDPR at any time:
Right to withdraw your consent;
Right to object to the processing of your personal data (Art. 21 GDPR);
Right to information about your personal data processed by us (Art. 15 GDPR);
Right to rectification of your personal data stored by us which is incorrect (Art. 16 GDPR);
Right to erasure of your personal data ("right to be forgotten") (Art. 17 GDPR);
Right to restrict the processing of your personal data (Art. 18 GDPR);
Right to data portability of your personal data (Art. 20 GDPR);
Right to not be subject to automated decision-making (Art. 22 GDPR);
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
To exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details above (see Section A. Summary). This also applies if you would like to receive copies of guarantees to prove an adequate level of data protection under Art. 46 GDPR in case of third country data transfer. Provided that the respective legal requirements are met, we will comply with your data protection request.
Your enquiries regarding the exercise of data protection rights and our responses to them are stored for documentation purposes for a period of up to three years and, in individual cases, for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims even longer. The legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, based on our interest in defending against any civil claims under Art. 82 GDPR, avoiding fines under Art. 83 GDPR and fulfilling our accountability obligation under Art. 5(2) GDPR.
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. This means that we will no longer process the data based on this consent in the future. The revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
Insofar as we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. If it concerns an objection to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which will also be implemented by us without giving reasons.
If you wish to make use of your right of revocation or objection, it is sufficient to send an informal message to the contact details above.
Finally, you have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority. You can exercise this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. In Berlin, where we are based, the competent supervisory authority is: Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin.
XII. Changes
We may update our Privacy Notice from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Notice on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Want to stay in the loop?
We've got you covered
Download the
Highsnobiety App nowThis Privacy Policy was last updated on September 18, 2024.
Table of Contents
A. Summary
B. Information We Collect
C. Information We Share
D. Information Security
I. Your Privacy Consent Management
II. Cookies we use
III. App
IV. User Account
V. Store
VI. Links to external social networks and social media widgets
VII. Newsletter and other marketing information
VIII. Affiliate Marketing
IX. Log information
X. Notice to California Users
XI. Do Not Sell My Personal Information
XI. Your right to information and other rights of the persons affected
XII. Changes
A. Summary
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to being transparent with how we use your information. Our website
www.highsnobiety.com
(the “Website”), mobile application (the “App”), physical stores (the ‘Store’) and any of our services provided online and in-store as well as sites directing you to this Privacy Policy are controlled by Titel Media GmbH, Genthiner Strasse 32–34, 10785 Berlin, Germany (collectively “we” or “us”).
For the website visitors from the US:
please note that we only provide the EU website visitors with the necessary information and we do not aim to extend your contractual rights. To know about your data rights as a website visitor from California, please see section XII “Notice to California Users” of this Privacy Notice.
Data controller & responsible body. Data Protection Officer.
Titel Media GmbH, Genthiner Strasse 32–34, 10785 Berlin, Germany
Duly represented by David Fischer, Jürgen Hopfgartner
Data Protection Officer, dpo@highsnobiety.com
For all questions on the subject of data protection in connection with our products/services or the use of our website, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer at any time. This person can be reached at the above postal address and at the e-mail address given above (keyword: "to the attention of the Data Protection Officer"). We expressly point out that if you use this e-mail address, the contents will not be exclusively noted by our data protection officer. If you wish to exchange confidential information, please therefore first contact us directly via this e-mail address.
Our Privacy Policy Explains
What information we collect and why we collect it (section I – XI)
How we use that information (section I – XI)
A notice to users from California (section XII)
Your rights with regard to the processing of personal data by Titel Media (section XIII)
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to know more about what information we collect and store, please contact us at dpo@highsnobiety.com.
Purposes of data collection, data processing and data use
Titel Media is engaged in operating online publications covering forthcoming trends and news in fashion, art, music, and culture. Titel Media collects and processes personal data for the following purposes:
Operation of the Website, App, including statistical analysis of the use
Provision and management of online store account
Provision of Website and App content
Advertising and market research
Execution of purchase contracts, managing deliveries, returns, refunds, warranty matters and notification of the details and the status of the orders in online and physical stores
Fraud prevention, selection of payment methods and credit check
Processing of job applications
On the basis of your consent
Groups of people concerned and the associated data and category of data
We process customers’ and website visitors’ personal data, the data of job applicants as well as the data of business partners from our service providers and partner companies insofar it is needed to fulfil the processing purposes.
The following data categories are processed:.
Profile information
Contact details
Shopping information
Payment details
Messages, conversation content
Social network data
Site data/Access data
Tracking data
Job applications
Survey, newsletter and marketing communication preferences data
Children under 16
Our services are not directed toward children under 16 and we will not knowingly collect information for any child under the age of 16.
If you are the parent of a child under the age of 16 and have a concern regarding your child’s information in connection with our services, please contact us at
dpo@highsnobiety.com
.
Recipients or groups of recipients to whom data may be disclosed
Public authorities in connection with an overriding legal regulation, contractors in connection with a partnership in accordance with Art. 28 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), for example, technical service providers, external partners (for example, consultancies, marketing agencies, law companies) and internal departments of Titel Media GmbH, Zalando Group companies to fulfil the purposes of data processing (for more information please see “Purposes of data collection, data processing and data use”).
Time limits for the deletion of data
Under statutory provisions, a variety of obligations and periods apply with regard to the data retention. We only store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected the data. Once these retention periods have expired, the corresponding data must be erased as a matter of routine, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law, due to statutory retention obligations or there is another legal basis under data protection law for the continued processing of your data in the specific individual case.
For evidence purposes, we must retain contractual data for three years from the end of the calendar year in which the business relationship with you ends. Any claims become statute-barred at this point at the earliest in accordance with the standard statutory limitation period. Even after this period, we still have to store some of your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so due to the requirements that may arise from the German Commercial Code, the German Fiscal Code, the German Banking Act, the German Money Laundering Act and the German Securities Trading Act. The periods specified therein for the retention of documents are two to ten years.
Transfer of data to third countries
As further detailed in this Privacy Notice, data may be transferred to third countries, i.e., countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) in connection with certain services.
Insofar as this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision or a provider has not been certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Art. 45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Union or binding corporate rules. Where this is not possible, we rely on the derogations of Art. 49 GDPR, in particular your explicit consent or necessity of data transfer for performance of the contract or for implementation of the pre-contractual measures. If third country data transfer is foreseen and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g., secret services) may obtain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyse it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. When obtaining your consent via the cookie consent banner, you will also be informed about it.
Legal basis for the collection and processing of personal data
We may also process your personal data which is required to fulfil our legal obligations pursuant to Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR.
Furthermore, we may process your personal data which is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract entered in your interest pursuant Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, for example, when you conduct a purchase in our store or online store. This legal basis also applies to the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
We may also process your personal data which is required to fulfill our legal obligations pursuant to Article 6(1)(c) GDPR.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data which is necessary in order to realise our or third party’s legitimate interest, except where such considerations are overridden by the need to protect your interests or fundamental rights, is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
B. Personal data we collect
We collect information for example to fulfil orders in our store, to answer customers’ requests and to provide better services to our users and customers as well as to improve our business. The list of purposes of data collection and data processing are provided in “Purpose of data collection, data processing and data use”. We collect information in following ways:
Information you give us or information provided through a social network
For example, some of our services require you to sign up for a customer account, provide information for a contest or award, or login to an account through a social network. The information we collect includes email, name, phone number, address, and credit card information. Such information is necessary to render the services requested and/or to provide contractual services. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Unless statutory provisions provide otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose ceases to apply, e.g. if the services are performed in full or if you unsubscribe from our services.
When you contact us, either by email, live chat or by using our contact forms, we collect the data you have submitted with your request (including name, email, message content, IP address) and may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b), if the request is related to the conclusion or execution of a contract, and otherwise Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Unless statutory provisions govern otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose of processing ceases to apply, e.g. if we have fulfilled your request.
When you make a purchase in our online store, we collect personal data required to process your order. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please see section IV. below for further details.
We work with social networks including Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, and YouTube to communicate with our customers. We have access to information you directly provide and information through those social networking services based on your privacy settings on those networks when you visit or contact us on our social pages. Please see section V. below for further details. Such information serves to enhance the usability of our services. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Unless statutory provisions provide otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose ceases to apply.
Information we gather from surveys
If you take part in one of our surveys, we store your contact data and the information you provide as part of the survey. We use this data in anonymous form only. It is not possible to draw any conclusions about your person. We publish the results of the survey on our Website or share them with partner companies, e.g. advertising partners or connected websites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
To receive surveys and to process your personal data for survey purposes, we will ask you for your prior consent. In this case the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent for receiving surveys and for processing survey data at any time.
Information we get from your use of our services
We may collect usage information when you visit different parts of our Website, use our App or use in-store tablets. We may also automatically collect certain technical information such as device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, device type, unique device identifiers, and mobile information if you use a mobile device to access the Website). If this information is necessary to provide our services, the legal basis is Art. 6(1)(b) and (f) GDPR. In other cases, we ask you for your consent and process your information on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. Please see section I. below for details.
Information we collect from your job application
You can apply for open positions with us via our
application management system
Greenhouse provided by Greenhouse Software, Inc. (registered address: 228 Park Avenue S PMP 14744, New York, 10003-1502, USA) or via email to
hr@highsnobiety.com
. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Greenhouse.  Greenhouse may store and process the above-mentioned data outside the European Economic Area (to the USA). Greenhouse Software Inc. has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
The purpose of the data collection is the selection of applicants for the possible employment relationship establishment. To receive and process your application, we process the following personal data in particular (hereinafter "Application data"):
First and last name;
Email address, telephone number;
Application documents (e.g., references, curriculum vitae);
Date of earliest possible start of job;
Salary expectations.
The legal basis for the processing of your application data is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR.
We store your personal data upon receipt of your application. If we accept your application and an employment relationship is established, we retain your application data for as long as it is necessary for the employment relationship and to the extent that legal regulations require us to retain it. If your application is rejected, we will store your application data for a maximum of three months after the rejection of your application, unless you give us your consent to store it for a longer period. If you have separately provided us with your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR, we will store your data submitted as part of the application in our talent pool for a further twelve months after the end of the application process in order to identify any further positions that may be of interest to you and, if necessary, to approach you again. After this period, the data will be deleted. You can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future.
Sometimes we proactively search online for candidates for our open positions and may then receive your personal data from sources such as LinkedIn or XING or other professional networks where you have published your profile. We may then store some of your data (such as name, link to your profile, please adjust accordingly) in our database and contact you to inform you about our open positions. If there are currently no vacancies, we will ask for your consent to store the data in the Talent Pool.
The legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR if the data processing is based on our legitimate interest and Art. 6(1)(a) if the data processing is based on your consent.
C. Information We Share
We do not share personal information with companies, outside organisations and individuals unless one of the following circumstances apply:
With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, outside organisations or individuals if we have your consent to do so. We will also seek your additional consent in case purposes of processing change and we will notify you about it.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates, service providers or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Notice and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These companies are authorised to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. If personal data is transferred to or processed in countries outside the European Union or European Economic Area, we make sure that our contractors guarantee an adequate level of data protection.
For legal reasons
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will share personal information with companies, outside organisations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
In case of a sale or asset transfer
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information (including personal information collected from you through your use of our services) could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you and ask for your consent where applicable.
In anonymous form for business purposes
We may share anonymous, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners such as businesses which we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
D. Information Security
We work hard to protect our users and customers from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
dpo@highsnobiety.com
.
I. Your Tracking Consent Management
When visiting our Website, we will ask you for your consent to use certain cookies and similar tracking technologies. You can at any time revoke your consent for either all cookies and similar tracking technologies or for individual ones by clicking the button below. If you have any questions or concerns on this process, please send an email to
dpo@highsnobiety.com
.
Edit Consent
We use Usercentrics, a Consent Management Platform provided by Usercentrics GmbH, Rosental 4, 80331 Munich, Germany (“Usercentrics”). The Consent Management Platform allows us to comply with the statutory provision pursuant to Art 7(1)(a) GDPR. Usercentrics allows us to inform the users about specific tags, cookies and other web technologies on our Website and to obtain, manage and document the users’ consent.
Cookies and similar tracking technologies (“Tools”)
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your device by the browser. Cookies are not used to run programs or download viruses onto your computer. Similar tracking technologies are in particular web storage (local / session storage), fingerprints, tags or pixels. Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies and similar technologies. However, you can usually adjust your browser settings so that cookies or comparable technologies are rejected or only stored with your prior consent. If you reject cookies or comparable technologies, it is possible that not all of our offers will function properly for you.
Some cookies are automatically deleted when you end your browser session (“session cookies”). Some cookies will remain stored on your device (“persistent cookies”), for example, to recognize you as a returning user, to gather information about the use of our services and our audience or to display information or advertising tailored to your interests on our Website or on other websites. These cookies will be deleted automatically after a certain period of time.
II. Tools we use on our Website
Data processing via the Consent Management Platform
This website uses various services and applications (collectively, "Tools") that are deployed either by Highsnobiety itself or by third parties through the Consent Management Platform ("CMP"). Below, users will be informed about the use of Usercentrics with IAB TCF, the technologies used, the purposes and legal basis, and the tools specifically used by Highsnobiety.
Usercentrics, IAB TCF and TC String
The Usercentrics tool by Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich ("Usercentrics") is used as the CMP for obtaining and managing user consents, revocations and objections. The current version of the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework ("TCF") standard is observed, which specifies conclusive categories of processing purposes and the associated legal bases. In addition, TCF makes it possible to directly forward the decisions made by users in the CMP, such as consents, revocations and objections, to the providers of the technologies in the CMP. The so-called TC string is used for this purpose. This ensures that the current wishes of the users are always observed and followed by the providers. The content of the TC string is described below.
Usercentrics generates a banner that informs users about the data processing on this website and gives them the option to consent to all, some or no data processing through optional tools. This banner appears on the first visit to this website and when users revisit their choice of settings to change them or withdraw or object to consents. The banner will also appear on subsequent visits to this website if the information in the local storage has been deleted or has expired.
The following User Data is transferred to Usercentrics as part of the website visit: consents, revocations and objections, IP address, information about the browser, terminal device and the time of the visit. In addition, Usercentrics stores the following necessary information in local storage and session storage on the terminal device used for documentation purposes:
"uc_settings": storage of the consents, revocations and objections to each purpose category, the version of the CMP, the language and the User ID of Usercentrics;
"uc-tcf": storage of the TC string in machine-readable form for transmission to the providers of the tools under the IAB TCF with information on consents and legitimate interests as well as revocations and objections to individual purpose categories and individual providers;
"us-user-interaction": storage of the interaction with the banner that took place;
"uc-user-country" (session):Storage of the country.
Data processing by Usercentrics is necessary to provide users with the legally required consent management and to comply with documentation obligations. The legal basis for the use of Usercentrics is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c and f GDPR, justified by Highsnobiety’s interest in fulfilling the legal requirements for consent management. Access to and storage of information in the terminal device is absolutely necessary in these cases and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany in accordance with Section 25 para. 2 TTDSG.
Purposes of Processing and Functions in the CMP by IAB TCF
In general, the following processing purposes as defined by IAB may be pursued by providers in this CMP only with consent:
Purpose 1: Store and/or access information on a device;
Purpose 3: Create profiles for personalised advertising;
Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising;
Purpose 5: Create profiles to personalise content;
Purpose 6: Use profiles to select personalised content.
In addition to the designated processing purposes, the following special functions may only be used within the scope of this CMP with consent:
Special Feature 1: Use precise geolocation data;
Special Feature 2: Actively scan device characteristics for identification.
The following processing purposes may also be pursued by providers in this CMP with consent or with legitimate interest:
Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising;
Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance;
Purpose 8: Measure content performance;
Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources;
Purpose 10: Develop and improve services.
The following specific processing purposes may always be pursued in this CMP without consent:
Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix 
        errors;
Special Purpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content.
If there is an effective legal basis, the following functions may be used in this CMP:
Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources;
Feature 2: Link different devices;
Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically.
You can find a detailed information about the deployed tools which are currently part of the IAB TCF under
Edit Consent
, where you can also manage your consent.
Other Tools and their processing purposes outside of IAB TCF
We also use Tools which are not part of IAB TCF.
Detailed information about these cookies and other similar tracking technologies used on our Website, including information on the data processed, recipients, retention period and location of processing, can be found under
Edit Consent
, where you can also manage your consent.
In addition, users can control the use of cookies and other similar technologies at the individual browser level by changing your browser settings (mostly found under “Options” or “Settings” in the browser menu). You have the choice of accepting all cookies, being informed about each cookie or refusing all. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. If you choose not to accept cookies and similar technologies on our Website, it is possible that the functionality of our Website may be limited and some services may not be usable.
We use the following types of Tools:
Essential Tools
These Tools are absolutely necessary for the functionality of our Website and the provision of our services. Legal basis for their use is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, if Tools are used to enable the ordering process, or Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, for example, if Tools are used for fraud prevention. Access to and storage of information in the device is in these cases strictly necessary and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of the Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany according to § 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
Functional Tools
We use these Tools with your prior consent to analyse and improve the use of our Website and services. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(a) DSGVO. Access to and storage of information in the device is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany the § 25 (1) TTDSG.
Marketing Tools
Marketing Tools are used by our advertising partners to serve advertisements based on your interests and usage behaviour. We will only use such Tools with your prior consent. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the device is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany the § 25 (1) TTDSG.
3rd Party Media Tools (Emded Content)
We embed content from our profiles in social media and other media content provided by third parties (for example, YouTube, Instagram). These third party providers may use Tools to enable content sharing and measure user preferences. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. Access to and storage of information in the device is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art. 5(3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as for example in Germany the § 25 (1) TTDSG.
You can revoke your consent for Functional, Marketing, Third Party Media Tools and Embed at any time. To do so, open the settings directly via the link
Edit Consent
in the cookie banner of this website. There you can also change the selection of the tools you wish to consent to using, as well as obtain additional information about the cookies and the respective storage periods. Alternatively, you can assert your revocation for certain tools directly with the provider.
III. App
Download and installation of the App
Our App is available on app platforms run by third parties (e.g. Google Play and Apple App Store). Download may therefore require prior registration with the relevant app store. We have no control over the processing of your data in connection with your registration with and use of third-party app stores. Please see the terms of use and privacy notices of the respective app store operator for more details.
When downloading and installing the app, the necessary information is transferred to the respective app store, in particular your name, email address and account number, the time of download, payment information and the individual device identifier.
We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process this provided data only to the extent necessary for downloading and installing the app on your mobile device (e.g. smartphone, tablet). Beyond that, this data is not stored further.
The legal basis for data processing in our area of responsibility is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR for fulfilling purchase contracts and Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR in cases where Highsnobiety has a legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest is to enable the provision of the app. For data processing, which is the sole responsibility of the app store operator, we refer to their privacy statements:
Apple App Store:
https://support.apple.com/de-de/HT208477
and
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/
.
Our apps can be found at the following addresses in the app stores:
Apple App Store:
https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/highsnobiety/id1589980701
.
Logfiles
Besides the processing of automatically collected usage data according to sections B and D.IX, your mobile device may also automatically create log files on your device, which may contain various information of a technical nature (such as the type of message, date and time of the message, trigger of the message (e.g., an error, an app call), app used, indication of the content of the message). This is necessary for technical reasons so that the app functions properly and you can use the desired services. The legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to enable the provision and functions of the app and to ensure the permanent functionality and security of our systems. The storage of and the access to the logfiles is strictly necessary and thus allowed according to the implementation laws of the EU member states of the Art.5(3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany according to § 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
Sharing App content
If your operating system has an integrated function for sharing app content, you may share content or recommend products, including via social networks. The share functions used by our App are operating system-side functions. We do not receive any information on the recipients and content of your communication. Please see the terms of use and privacy notices of the manufacturer of your device and/or the social networks you use for more details.
System authorizations
In order to enable certain functions, our App must be able to access certain interfaces and data on your device. Depending on your operating system, this may require your express consent. Our App may request the following authorizations.
Requesting mobile data (iOS) or access to all networks and network connections (Android): When using or installing certain apps, these authorizations will be requested in order to allow an app to transfer data via your device’s internet connection (by WLAN or data connection). This authorization may be necessary in order to transfer inputs in the app, e.g. in the course of a search, to our servers.
Changing, deleting or reading the content of USB memory devices/SD cards: These authorizations are required to allow an app to store or read data on your device’s memory or any auxiliary storage. The app will only read the data which was stored in connection with the use of this app.
You can change your authorization settings in your devices’ system settings at any time.
Generally, these app authorizations are necessary to provide our app. Access to and storage of information in the mobile device is strictly necessary in these cases and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of the Art. 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany according to § 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is then Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests are to enable the provision and basic functions of the app.
These authorizations are not consent in the meaning of data protection law. Insofar as information is stored or read in the device on the basis of the authorizations granted that is not strictly necessary for the provision of the app, or personal data is processed that cannot be based on our legitimate interests, we will obtain your consent separately. This is then done on the basis of the implementation laws of the EU member states of Art.5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, as example in Germany in accordance with § 25 (1) TTDSG, or for the processing of personal data in accordance with Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Push Notifications
Our App allows you to receive push notifications that will inform you about new content in our App, product availability updates, special offers or new products in the Store. We only send push notifications with your consent. If you activate push notifications, your device will be assigned a device-specific push ID that is technically required for sending such notifications.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art.6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time by deactivating push notifications in your device settings.
You can deactivate push notifications at any time via the settings on your mobile device. You can find instructions on how to do this at the following addresses, for example:
iOS:
https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/change-notification-settings-iph7c3d96bab/ios
IV. User Account
When you create an account in our App, on our Website or in-store using our iPad, we store your email address and a personal password.
If you have an account, you can order in-store or from our online store and save articles and products.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, if the data is collected in connection with an order (see Sec. VI. below for details), and otherwise our legitimate interest in offering the account functions according to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (for example, fraud prevention).
Unless we are required by law to retain your data for a longer period of time (as in the case of data for orders in our store and online store), your data will be deleted at the latest when you delete your account.
In the interest of data minimization, we delete your account if you have been inactive for more than 24 months, i.e. you have not logged in during this period.
V. Online Store
To place an order items from our online or in-store selection, you must create an account using your email address and a personal password.
When placing an order, we collect personal data required to process your order (name, billing address, shipping address, phone number, payment method, email address). These data may be transferred to payment and shipping service providers.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR. Due to legal regulations, we are obliged to store data for orders, including addresses and payment details, for 10 years.
Payments via PayPal are handled by Braintree, S. à r. l. et Cie, S. C. A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg („Braintree“). If you choose to pay by using Braintree, the information required to process the order (such as customer name, amount to be charged, date/time, bank account details, payment card details, CVC code, post code, country code, address, email address, fax, phone, website, expiry data, shipping details, tax status, unique customer identifier, IP Address, location, and any other data received by PayPal) will be transferred to Braintree. Braintree may forward this data outside the EEA. In this case, Braintree ensures an adequate level of data protection in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws. In particular, for transfers of personal data within PayPal related companies, Braintree relies on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities. Other transfers may be based on contractual protections. For payments via Braintree, a fraud check is also carried out. For this purpose, your IP address, phone number and/or email address may be forwarded to Braintree so that Braintree can verify the identity and carry out the fraud check. As part of the fraud check, an automated decision is made which may lead to the exclusion of the chosen payment method. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. For further information, please see
Braintree’s privacy policy
.
If you choose to pay by credit card, the information required to process the order (such as credit card number, purchase price and quantity, time of purchase, shipping address, phone number and email address) will be transferred to Stripe (Stripe Payments Europe Ltd.).Stripe can forward this data to Stripe Inc. based in the USA. In this case, the data is transferred to a server in the USA. Stripe, Inc. has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
For payments by credit card, a fraud check is also carried out. For this purpose, data such as credit card number, purchase price and quantity, time of purchase, shipping address, phone number and email address are forwarded to Stripe so that Stripe can verify the identity and carry out the fraud check. As part of the fraud check, an automated decision is made which may lead to the exclusion of the credit card payment method. Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. For further information, please see
Stripe’s Privacy Policy
.
Our online store is hosted by commercetools, a service provided by commercetools GmbH, Adams-Lehmann-Str. 44, 80797 Munich, Germany. commercetools provides us with an e-commerce platform that allows us to sell products to you. Personal data submitted during the order process will be stored on commercetools’ servers. For further information, please see
commercetools’ Privacy Policy
.
VI. Social media profiles
Our Website includes links to social networks. Apart from this, we maintain profiles in social media. Please note that Titel Media is not liable for the privacy policies of these companies. We recommend you read the privacy policies of social media networks for further information.
Facebook and Instagram Social Media Profile (“Fanpages”)
When you visit our Facebook or Instagram Fanpage, Facebook collects personal data, even if you are not a member of Facebook. Please note that we have no control over the type and scope of such data processing. The users' data is usually processed by Facebook for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behavior profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
Facebook provides us with aggregated, anonymous demographic data only that helps us to better understand our audience (so-called “Page Insights”).
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
Highsnobiety and Facebook share responsibility for processing your data for providing Page Insights. For this purpose, we and Facebook have defined an agreement about which company fulfils the data protection obligations under the GDPR with regard to Page Insights data processing. You can view the agreement with Facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
For the information on the legal basis of the data processing carried out by Facebook under its own responsibility the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Facebook, as well as your rights against Facebook including the right to object to data processing in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit:
Facebook Insights
You may find more detailed information about your right to object data processing (Opt-Out) under the following pages: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ad and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be made most efficiently with Facebook, as Facebook have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly.
For more information about the data processing by Facebook please refer to
Facebook Privacy Policy
.
Login with Facebook
Our Website also allows you to register or sign-up to our services using your Facebook account. If you want to connect to highsnobiety.com through Facebook, as soon as you have logged in with your existing Facebook account, additional registration is no longer necessary. If you wish to use the Facebook sign-up option, you will first be redirected to the Facebook page. There you will be asked to log in with your username and password. Of course, we do not take any notice of these login data. The server to which a connection is established may be located in the USA. The following data can be transmitted to us through Facebook API: your name, profile picture, email address, gender, birthday, location, likes, friends and other information you make publicly available via Facebook; cookies used in particular: "-fbsr".
By confirming the corresponding registration button on our website, Facebook learns that you have registered on our site with your user account and links your user account with your customer account on our website.
Legal basis for such data processing is Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR (your consent). Meta has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Facebook, see
Facebook’s own privacy rules
. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Facebook.
Twitter social media profile
We maintain a social media profile in X (formerly Twitter (by Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA or Twitter International Unlimited, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND (“X”)) in order to communicate with our customers and interested parties and to inform them about our products and services. The users' data is usually processed by X for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behavior profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
As part of the operation of our X social media page, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them.
The legal basis for data processing by X social media profile is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by X, see
see the privacy rules of X
.There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by X.
Snapchat social media profile
We also maintain a social media profile in Snapchat (Snapchat, Inc., 63 Market Street, Venice, CA 90291, USA (“Snapchat”)) in order to communicate with our customers and interested parties and to inform them about our products and services by using our video channel. The users' data is usually processed by Snapchat for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behavior profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
As part of the operation of our Snapchat social media page, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them.
The legal basis for data processing by Snapchat social media profile is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. Snapchat has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Snapchat, see
Snapchat’s own privacy rules
. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by Snapchat.
YouTube social media profile
Our Website has links to our YouTube social media profile. The sole responsibility for YouTube and its website lies with Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4., Ireland (for EU, EEA and Switzerland) and Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
We maintain a social media profile in YouTube in order to communicate with our customers and interested parties and to inform them about our products and services by using our video channel. The users' data is usually processed by Google for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, behaviour profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users' computers.
As part of the operation of our YouTube social media page, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them.
The legal basis for data processing by YouTube social media profile is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in providing effective information to users and communicating with users, or Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
For further information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection, and regarding the further processing and use of your data by Google, see
Google Privacy Policy
. There you will find, amongst other things, information regarding settings for the protection of your privacy and regarding your further rights regarding the collecting, processing and use of your data by YouTube. Google has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
VII. Newsletter and other marketing information
You have the opportunity to receive emails containing targeted information via our web service or on new products available online as well as in-store offers and events. In this case we must collect and save your email address, which we will only use to send the emails.
The service provider Iterable Inc., 71 Stevenson Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (hereinafter referred to as “Iterable”) is used as our processor for advertising campaigns and the sending of offers for our products in the newsletter. We have entered into a data processing agreement with this service provider. The following data may be processed,depending on the type of marketing information you have subscribed to:
- Your name,
- Your address,
- Your date of birth,
- Your gender and/or pronouns,
- Date of the last purchase, number of purchases,
- Your clothing and shoe size,
- Array of brands and product categories that have been purchased at Highsnobiety.
- Your location,
- Information on events or Highsnobiety Stores you have visited,
- Your Instagram handle.
Iterable may store and process the above-mentioned data outside the European Economic Area (to the USA). Iterable, Inc. has joined the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which is why the transfer in this case is based on the adequacy decision for the USA in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR.
If you have expressly consented to receiving marketing information via email, the legal basis for such processing of personal data is Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. In case we are entitled to send a newsletter based on your previous purchase of goods or services, legal basis for such processing of personal data is § 7 (3) of the German Act Against Unfair Competition (UWG). In this case, the legal basis for the processing of personal data for advertising purposes is our legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) in advertising similar products or services.
We use standard market technologies in our marketing emails, with which the interactions with the emails can be measured (e.g., opening of a newsletter, links clicked on). We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical analysis and to optimise and further develop our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics embedded in the email (so-called pixels). The data is only collected pseudonymously and is not linked to your other personal data. The legal basis for this is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. We want to share content that is as relevant as possible for our customers via our newsletter and better understand what readers are actually interested in. If you do not want the analysis of usage behaviour, you can unsubscribe from the newsletters or deactivate graphics in your email programme by default.
You can unsubscribe from such marketing information at any time. At the end of the email you will find a link intended for this purpose and provides a simple way to cancel the marketing information or, alternatively, you can reach out to us via dpo@highsnobiety.com. In this case your data will be deleted. Unless statutory provisions provide otherwise, the data will be deleted if the purpose ceases to apply, e.g. if you unsubscribe from the newsletter.
VIII. Affiliate Marketing
We use affiliate links on our Website. In order to evaluate the use and success of these affiliate offers, we store and analyse information about the use of these links. This includes the IP address and interactions with the affiliate links (like clicks). This information is combined by one of our partners with information from the connected shops. On the basis of this information, anonymous statistics about the success of affiliate offers are compiled (e.g. the number of users who clicked on an affiliate link and the type and number of products purchased in our partner’s shop).
The legal basis for data processing by us is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, insofar as affiliate partners provide special offers for our customers. If you have consented to the use of Marketing Tools via our consent banner, this also applies to those affiliate partners who use cookies to make the referral of new users traceable. If you wish to withdraw your consent to this, you can adjust your settings under “Edit Consent”. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, insofar as we use the data to measure the success of the campaigns and to enable billing with the affiliate partners, based on our interest in effective advertising of our offers. The data will be deleted as soon as the purpose of the processing has ceased to exist, at the latest after 24 months.
IX. Log information
When you access our Website or App or view content provided by us, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This information may include:
Details of how you used our service, such as your navigation paths and search queries.
Mobile related information if you access our Website using your mobile device.
Internet protocol address.
Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Browser type, operating system, and other technical information.
Data processing of Website or App access data is necessary in order to enable the visit of the Website or App, to guarantee the permanent operability and security of our systems as well as for the general administrative maintenance of our Website or App. The access data is also temporarily stored in internal log files for the purposes described above, temporarily and limited to the most necessary content, for example in order to find the cause of repeated or criminal calls that endanger the stability and security of our Website or App and to take action against them. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR, insofar as the page call is made in the course of initiating or executing a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in enabling the Website call and the permanent functionality and security of our systems.
X. Notice to California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act
Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), grants residents of California certain rights with respect to their Personal Information, described below. This Notice to California Customers supplements the information contained in Highsnobiety’s Privacy Notice. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice to California Customers.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information“). During the past twelve (12) months, below are categories of personal information we have either collected or not:
A. IDENTIFIERS
B. PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORIES LISTED IN THE CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER RECORDS STATUTE (CAL. CIV. CODE § 1798. 80(E))
C. PROTECTED CLASSIFICATION CHARACTERISTICS UNDER CALIFORNIA OR FEDERAL LAW
D. COMMERCIAL INFORMATION
E. BIOMETRIC INFORMATION
F. INTERNET OR OTHER SIMILAR NETWORK ACTIVITY
G. GEOLOCATION DATA
H. SENSORY DATA
I. PROFESSIONAL OR EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION
J. NON-PUBLIC EDUCATION INFORMATION (PER THE FAMILY EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS AND PRIVACY ACT (20 U. S. C. SECTION 1232G, 34 C. F. R. PART 99))
K. INFERENCES DRAWN FROM OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION
Under the CCPA, personal information does not include information that is publicly available, aggregated consumer information or those not covered by under the CCPA.
We only collect personal information in accordance with the Highsnobiety Privacy Notice(See Section B., Information we Collect)
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our or our affiliates’ assets in which personal information held by us or our affiliates about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We discuss in detail how we share information in the Highsnobiety Privacy Policy (See Section C. , Information we Share).
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we’ve collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we’ve collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we’ve collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq. ).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at dpo@highsnobiety.com.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we’ve collected personal information or an authorised representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales
The CCPA broadly defines “sale” in a way that may include the delivery of targeted advertising on the Services or other sites, including allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior. We may share the following categories of information for such advertising which may be considered a sale (as defined by California law)
device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; location information, such as city; and inference data.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
If you are a California resident and would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes (to the extent this is considered a sale), beginning January 1, 2020, you may do so using by sending an email to dpo@highsnobiety.com or using the following link
Edit Consent
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798. 83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to dpo@highsnobiety.com.
XI. Your right of access and data subject rights
To exercise following rights, please contact us as set forth in Section A “Summary” above.
You are entitled to the data subject rights stipulated in Art. 15 - 21, Art. 77 GDPR at any time:
Right to withdraw your consent;
Right to object to the processing of your personal data (Art. 21 GDPR);
Right to information about your personal data processed by us (Art. 15 GDPR);
Right to rectification of your personal data stored by us which is incorrect (Art. 16 GDPR);
Right to erasure of your personal data ("right to be forgotten") (Art. 17 GDPR);
Right to restrict the processing of your personal data (Art. 18 GDPR);
Right to data portability of your personal data (Art. 20 GDPR);
Right to not be subject to automated decision-making (Art. 22 GDPR);
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
To exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details above (see Section A. Summary). This also applies if you would like to receive copies of guarantees to prove an adequate level of data protection under Art. 46 GDPR in case of third country data transfer. Provided that the respective legal requirements are met, we will comply with your data protection request.
Your enquiries regarding the exercise of data protection rights and our responses to them are stored for documentation purposes for a period of up to three years and, in individual cases, for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims even longer. The legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, based on our interest in defending against any civil claims under Art. 82 GDPR, avoiding fines under Art. 83 GDPR and fulfilling our accountability obligation under Art. 5(2) GDPR.
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. This means that we will no longer process the data based on this consent in the future. The revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
Insofar as we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. If it concerns an objection to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which will also be implemented by us without giving reasons.
If you wish to make use of your right of revocation or objection, it is sufficient to send an informal message to the contact details above.
Finally, you have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority. You can exercise this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. In Berlin, where we are based, the competent supervisory authority is: Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin.
XII. Changes
We may update our Privacy Notice from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Notice on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Want to stay in the loop?
We've got you covered
Download the
Highsnobiety App now
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Deutsch
Choose your preferred language
Wir bei Apple glauben fest daran, dass Datenschutz ein Grundrecht ist – und dass dieses Grundrecht nicht davon abhängen sollte, wo auf der Welt Sie leben.
Aus diesem Grund behandeln wir alle Daten, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare Person beziehen oder die von Apple mit dieser Person verknüpft oder verknüpfbar sind, als „personenbezogene Daten“, unabhängig davon, wo die Person lebt.
Das bedeutet, dass sowohl Daten, die Sie direkt identifizieren – z. B. Ihr Name – als auch Daten, die Sie nicht direkt identifizieren, die aber zu Ihrer Identifizierung verwendet werden können – z. B. die Seriennummer Ihres Geräts –, personenbezogene Daten sind. Aggregierte Daten gelten im Sinne dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie als nicht personenbezogene Daten.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt, wie
Apple oder ein Apple Partnerunternehmen
(gemeinsam „Apple“) mit personenbezogenen Daten umgeht, unabhängig davon, ob Sie mit uns auf unseren Websites, über Apple Apps (wie Apple Music oder Wallet) oder persönlich (auch telefonisch oder beim Besuch eines Apple Stores) interagieren. Apple kann auch Links zu Drittanbietern auf unseren Diensten oder Apps von Drittanbietern zum Download in unserem App Store zur Verfügung stellen. Die Apple Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht dafür, wie Drittanbieter personenbezogene Daten definieren oder verwenden. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die Datenschutzrichtlinien von Drittanbietern zu lesen und sich mit Ihren Datenschutzrechten vertraut zu machen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Wir bei Apple geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten, auf sie zuzugreifen, sie zu korrigieren, zu übertragen, ihre Verarbeitung einzuschränken und sie zu löschen. Wir gewähren diese Rechte unserem weltweiten Kundenstamm, und wenn Sie sich entscheiden, diese Datenschutzrechte auszuüben, haben Sie das Recht, weder diskriminierend behandelt zu werden noch einen minderwertigen Dienst von Apple zu erhalten. Wenn Sie aufgefordert werden, der Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Apple zuzustimmen, haben Sie auch das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Um Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf den Datenschutz wahrzunehmen, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen ein Drittanbieter im Namen von Apple handelt, besuchen Sie die Apple Daten- und Datenschutzseite unter
privacy.apple.com
für Apple oder
shazam.com/privacy
für Shazam.
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen, müssen Sie sich bei Ihrem Account anmelden, und Ihre Identität wird überprüft. Wenn Sie eine Kopie Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten wünschen, die derzeit nicht unter
privacy.apple.com
verfügbar ist, können Sie diese unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
anfordern. Sie haben auch das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen.
Es kann Situationen geben, in denen wir Ihrer Bitte nicht nachkommen können – zum Beispiel wenn Sie uns bitten, Ihre Transaktionsdaten zu löschen, Apple aber gesetzlich verpflichtet ist, diese Transaktion aufzuzeichnen. Wir können einen Antrag auch ablehnen, wenn dies unsere rechtmäßige Verwendung der Daten zur Betrugsbekämpfung und zu Sicherheitszwecken untergraben würde, etwa wenn Sie die Löschung eines Accounts beantragen, der wegen Sicherheitsbedenken untersucht wird. Ihre Datenschutzanfrage kann ferner abgelehnt werden, wenn sie die Privatsphäre anderer gefährdet, leichtfertig oder schikanös ist oder äußerst unpraktisch oder unangemessen wäre.
Wenn Sie in Kalifornien leben und keinen Zugriff auf die Apple Seite für Daten und Datenschutz haben
, können Sie oder Ihr Bevollmächtigter unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
oder telefonisch unter +1 800 275 2273 einen Antrag stellen.
Weitere Informationen über die Geltendmachung Ihrer Rechte finden Sie unter
support.apple.com/102283
.
Wir bei Apple sind davon überzeugt, dass wir Ihnen großartige Produkte und einen hohen Datenschutz bieten können. Dies bedeutet, dass wir bemüht sind,
nur die personenbezogenen Daten zu erfassen, die wir benötigen
. Welche personenbezogenen Daten Apple erfasst, hängt davon ab, wie Sie mit Apple interagieren. Erläuterungen zum Umgang von Apple mit personenbezogenen Daten für bestimmte einzelne Dienste finden Sie unter
apple.com/de/legal/privacy/data.
Wenn Sie einen Apple Account erstellen, einen Kredit beantragen, ein Produkt oder Gerät kaufen und/oder aktivieren, ein Softwareupdate laden, sich für einen Kurs in einem Apple Store anmelden, sich mit unseren Diensten verbinden, uns kontaktieren (auch über soziale Medien), an einer Online-Umfrage teilnehmen oder anderweitig mit Apple interagieren, können wir eine Vielzahl von Informationen erfassen, darunter:
Accountdaten.
Ihren Apple Account und zugehörige Accountdetails, einschließlich E-Mail-Adresse, registrierte Geräte, Accountstatus und Alter
Geräteinformationen.
Daten, anhand derer Ihr Gerät identifiziert werden könnte, z. B. die Seriennummer des Geräts, oder Informationen über Ihr Gerät, z. B. der Browsertyp.
Kontaktdaten
. Daten wie Name, E-Mail-Adresse, physische Adresse, Telefonnummer oder andere Kontaktinformationen
Zahlungsdaten. Daten über Ihre Rechnungsadresse und Zahlungsmethode, z. B. Bankverbindung, Kredit-, Debit- oder andere Zahlungskarteninformationen
Transaktionsdaten.
Daten über Käufe von Apple Produkten und Diensten oder von Apple unterstützte Transaktionen, einschließlich Käufen auf Apple Plattformen
Betrugsbekämpfungsdaten.
Daten, die zur Identifizierung und Bekämpfung von Betrug verwendet werden, einschließlich einer Vertrauensbewertung des Geräts.
Nutzungsdaten.
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten und Ihre Nutzung unserer Angebote, z. B. App-Starts innerhalb unserer Dienste, einschließlich Browserverlauf; Suchverlauf; Produktinteraktion; Absturzdaten, Leistungs- und andere Diagnosedaten, sowie andere Nutzungsdaten
Standortdaten
. Genauer Standort nur zur Unterstützung von Diensten wie „Wo ist?“ oder, wenn Sie Ihre Zustimmung erteilt haben, für regionsspezifische Dienste, und ungefährer Standort
Gesundheitsdaten.
Daten, die sich auf den Gesundheitszustand einer Person beziehen, einschließlich Daten, die sich auf die physische oder psychische Gesundheit einer Person beziehen. Zu den personenbezogenen Gesundheitsdaten gehören auch Daten, die verwendet werden können, um Rückschlüsse auf den Gesundheitszustand einer Person zu ziehen oder diesen festzustellen. Wenn Sie mit einer App der Apple Health Research Study an einer Studie teilnehmen, ist die Richtlinie zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unter
Apple Health Study Apps – Datenschutzrichtlinie
beschrieben.
Fitnessdaten.
Angaben zu Ihren Fitness- und Trainingsdaten, wenn Sie diese weitergeben möchten.
Finanzdaten.
Angaben zu Gehalt, Einkommen und Vermögen, sofern erfasst, sowie Informationen zu Finanzangeboten der Marke Apple
Daten mit behördlich ausgestellter ID.
In einigen Jurisdiktionen verlangen wir unter bestimmten Voraussetzungen eine von einer Behörde ausgestellte ID, unter anderem beim Einrichten eines Mobilfunkaccounts und dessen Aktivierung für Ihr Gerät, bei der Beantragung oder Verlängerung von Krediten, der Verwaltung von Reservierungen oder in weiteren gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Fällen.
Sonstige Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Details wie der Inhalt Ihrer Kommunikation mit Apple, einschließlich Interaktionen mit dem Kundensupport und Kontakten über Social-Media-Kanäle
Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, die von uns angeforderten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. Wenn Sie sich jedoch dagegen entscheiden, werden wir in vielen Fällen nicht in der Lage sein, Ihnen unsere Produkte oder Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen oder auf Ihre Anfragen zu reagieren.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten über Sie von anderen
Einzelpersonen
, von Unternehmen oder Dritten, die
in Ihrem Auftrag
handeln, von unseren
Partnern, die mit uns zusammenarbeiten, um unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitzustellen und uns bei der Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung zu unterstützen, sowie von anderen
rechtmäßigen Quellen erhalten.
Einzelpersonen.
Apple kann Daten über Sie von anderen Einzelpersonen erfassen – zum Beispiel, wenn diese Person Ihnen ein Produkt oder eine Geschenkkarte geschickt, Sie zur Teilnahme an einem Apple Dienst oder Forum eingeladen oder Inhalte mit Ihnen geteilt hat.
In Ihrem Auftrag.
Sie können andere Einzelpersonen oder Dritte beauftragen, Daten an Apple weiterzugeben. Beispielsweise können Sie Ihren Mobilfunkanbieter beauftragen, Daten über Ihren Anbieter-Account zur Accountaktivierung an Apple weiterzugeben oder Informationen über Ihre Teilnahme an einem Treueprogramm weiterzugeben, damit Sie Prämien für Apple Käufe sammeln können.
Apple Partner.
Im Sinne der Sicherheit und der Betrugsbekämpfung können wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen durch Dritte überprüfen lassen, z. B. wenn ein Apple Account erstellt wird.
Um Features wie die Suchfunktion zu verbessern und zur Erstellung von Grundlagenmodellen für KI-Funktionen verwendet Apple den Webcrawler Applebot, um Informationen zu durchforsten, die im Internet öffentlich zugänglich sind. Wir haben verschiedene Maßnahmen getroffen, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, zu reduzieren. Apple versucht nicht, einzelne Apple Nutzer anhand der durchsuchten Daten zu identifizieren oder Profile über Einzelpersonen zu erstellen. Wir verwenden keine privaten persönlichen Daten zum Trainieren unserer KI-Grundlagenmodelle. Wenn du dein Widerspruchsrecht in Bezug auf Verarbeitung von Informationen in Anspruch nehmen möchtest, verwende das
Formular für Anfragen zum Datenschutz von Apple Intelligence
. Weitere Informationen zum Applebot findest du auf der Seite
support.apple.com/120320
.
Für Zwecke der Forschung und Entwicklung können wir Datensätze heranziehen, die Bilder oder Sprachaufzeichnungen oder andere Daten, die Rückschlüsse auf eine identifizierbare Person zulassen, enthalten. Die Erhebung solcher Datensätze erfolgt unter Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, einschließlich des Rechts in der Jurisdiktion, in welcher der jeweilige Datensatz gehostet wird. Bei der Verwendung solcher Datensätze für Forschungs- und Entwicklungszwecke unternehmen wir keinerlei Versuche, die in diesem Material ggf. vorkommenden Personen zu identifizieren.
Apple verwendet personenbezogene Daten, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, zur Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung sowie zur Einhaltung von Gesetzen. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung können wir personenbezogene Daten auch für andere Zwecke verwenden.
Apple verwendet Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann, wenn wir eine gültige gesetzliche Grundlage dafür haben.
Je nach den Umständen kann sich Apple auf Ihre Einwilligung oder die Tatsache verlassen, dass die Verarbeitung erforderlich ist, um einen Vertrag mit Ihnen zu erfüllen, Ihre lebenswichtigen Interessen oder die anderer Personen zu schützen oder Gesetze einzuhalten. Unter Berücksichtigung Ihrer Interessen, Rechte und Erwartungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verarbeiten, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies in unserem oder dem berechtigten Interesse anderer liegt. Weitere Informationen sind in den produktspezifischen Informationen unserer Produkte und Features wie oben beschrieben eingebettet. Wenn Sie Fragen zur Rechtsgrundlage haben, können Sie sich unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
an den Datenschutzbeauftragten wenden.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste.
Apple erfasst personenbezogene Daten, die zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste erforderlich sind. Dazu können personenbezogene Daten gehören, die zur Verbesserung unserer Angebote, für interne Zwecke wie Prüfungen oder Datenanalysen oder zur Problembehebung erfasst werden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise über ein Apple Music Abonnement auf einen Song zugreifen möchten, erfassen wir Daten darüber, welche Songs Sie abspielen, um Ihnen die angeforderten Inhalte zur Verfügung zu stellen, sowie aus Lizenzgründen.
Verarbeitung Ihrer Transaktionen.
Um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, muss Apple Daten wie Ihren Namen, Kauf- und Zahlungsinformationen erfassen.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen.
Um auf Mitteilungen zu antworten, Sie bezüglich Ihrer Transaktionen oder Ihres Accounts zu kontaktieren, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu vermarkten, andere relevante Informationen bereitzustellen oder Informationen oder Feedback anzufordern. Gelegentlich können wir personenbezogene Daten nutzen, um wichtige Mitteilungen zu versenden, beispielsweise über Käufe oder Änderungen unserer Geschäftsbedingungen und Richtlinien. Weil diese Informationen für die Beziehung zu Apple wichtig sind, kann man den Erhalt dieser wichtigen Mitteilungen möglicherweise nicht ablehnen.
Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung.
Zum Schutz von Einzelpersonen, Mitarbeiter:innen und Apple sowie zum Schutz vor Verlusten und zur Betrugsbekämpfung, einschließlich des Schutzes von Einzelpersonen, Mitarbeiter:innen und Apple zum Nutzen aller unserer Nutzer:innen und der Vorabsondierung oder Vorabprüfung hochgeladener Inhalte auf potenziell illegale Inhalte, einschließlich Materials zur sexuellen Ausbeutung von Kindern.
Für Zwecke der Personalisierung verwendete personenbezogene Daten.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, Ihre Dienste oder Mitteilungen zu personalisieren, sofern dies möglich ist, verwendet Apple die von uns erfassten Daten, um Ihnen diese personalisierten Dienste oder Mitteilungen anbieten zu können. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie die entsprechenden Dienste personenbezogene Daten zur Personalisierung Ihrer Erfahrungen nutzen, finden Sie in den Datenschutzinformationen, die Sie bei der erstmaligen Nutzung eines Dienstes erhalten, der Sie um Zustimmung zur Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bittet. Wir stellen diese Informationen leicht auffindbar zur Verfügung, indem wir sie mit unserem Datenschutzsymbol kennzeichnen; sie sind auch jederzeit auf Ihrem Apple Gerät und online unter
http://apple.com/de/legal/privacy/data
verfügbar.
Einhaltung von Gesetzen.
Zur Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts – zum Beispiel zur Erfüllung von Steuer- oder Meldepflichten oder zur Erfüllung einer rechtmäßigen Regierungsanfrage.
Apple verwendet ohne die Möglichkeit einer menschlichen Überprüfung keine Algorithmen oder kein Profiling, um eine Entscheidung zu treffen, die Sie erheblich beeinträchtigen würde. Gemäß kalifornischem Recht verwendet Apple darüber hinaus keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten oder legt diese offen für Zwecke, die von Nutzer:innen verlangen würden, ein Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung auszuüben.
Apple bewahrt personenbezogene Daten nur so lange auf, wie es für die Erfüllung der Zwecke, für die sie erfasst wurden, erforderlich ist, einschließlich wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder in unseren dienstspezifischen Datenschutzhinweisen beschrieben oder wie gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Wir bewahren personenbezogene Daten so lange wie notwendig auf, um die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und unseren dienstspezifischen Übersichten zum Datenschutz beschriebenen Zwecke zu erfüllen. Bei der Beurteilung der Aufbewahrungsfristen prüfen wir zunächst sorgfältig, ob es notwendig ist, die erfassten personenbezogenen Daten aufzubewahren, und bewahren, falls eine Aufbewahrung erforderlich ist, die personenbezogenen Daten für den kürzesten gesetzlich zulässigen Zeitraum auf.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten an
Apple Partnerunternehmen
,
Dienstleister,
die in unserem Auftrag handeln, an unsere
Partner
,
Entwickler und Herausgeber
, oder andere
in Ihrem Auftrag tätige Parteien weitergeben
. Darüber hinaus gibt Apple personenbezogene Daten nicht an Dritte für deren eigene Marketingzwecke weiter.
Dienstleister.
Apple ist berechtigt, Drittparteien als unsere Dienstleister zu beauftragen und bestimmte Aufgaben in unserem Namen ausführen zu lassen, zum Beispiel Verarbeitung oder Aufbewahrung von Daten einschließlich personenbezogener Daten im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste und der Lieferung von Produkten an unsere Kund:innen. Apple Dienstleister sind verpflichtet, personenbezogene Daten in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und gemäß unseren Anweisungen zu verarbeiten. Sie dürfen die von uns weitergegebenen personenbezogenen Daten nicht für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden und müssen die personenbezogenen Daten löschen oder zurückgeben, sobald sie unseren Auftrag erfüllt haben.
Partner.
Gelegentlich geht Apple Partnerschaften mit Drittanbietern ein, um Dienste oder andere Angebote bereitzustellen. Beispielsweise werden finanzielle Angebote von Apple wie Apple Card und Apple Cash von Apple und unseren Partnern angeboten. Apple verlangt von seinen Partnern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen.
Von Ihnen abonnierte Entwickler und Herausgeber.
Wenn Sie im App Store oder in Apple News ein Abonnement eines Dritten erwerben, erstellen wir eine für Sie und den Entwickler oder Herausgeber eindeutige Abonnenten-ID. Die Abonnenten-ID kann verwendet werden, um Berichte an den Entwickler oder Herausgeber zu senden, die Informationen über das von Ihnen erworbene Abonnement und Ihr Wohnsitzland enthalten. Wenn Sie alle Ihre Abonnements bei einem bestimmten Entwickler oder Herausgeber kündigen, wird die Abonnenten-ID nach 180 Tagen zurückgesetzt, sofern Sie kein neues Abonnement abschließen. Diese Informationen werden Entwicklern oder Herausgebern bereitgestellt, damit sie einen Überblick über den Stand ihrer Abonnements haben.
Sonstige.
Apple kann personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Auftrag oder mit Ihrer Zustimmung an andere weitergeben, z. B. wenn wir Informationen an Ihren Mobilfunkanbieter weitergeben, um Ihren Account zu aktivieren. Außerdem können wir Daten über Sie offenlegen, wenn wir der Überzeugung sind, dass dies für die nationale Sicherheit, den Gesetzesvollzug oder andere öffentliche Interessen notwendig oder angemessen ist. Wir können auch Daten über Sie offenlegen, wenn es dafür eine gesetzliche Grundlage gibt, wenn wir feststellen, dass die Offenlegung notwendig ist, um unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen oder unseren Geschäftsbetrieb oder unsere Nutzer:innen zu schützen, oder im Falle einer Umstrukturierung, Fusion oder eines Verkaufs.
Apple verkauft Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht, auch nicht gemäß der Definition von „Verkauf“ in Nevada und Kalifornien. Darüber hinaus „teilt“ Apple Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gemäß Definition dieses Begriffs in Kalifornien.
Wir bei Apple glauben, dass guter Datenschutz auf hoher Sicherheit beruht. Wir verwenden
administrative, technische und physische Sicherheitsvorkehrungen
, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Berücksichtigung der Art der Daten und der Verarbeitung sowie der Bedrohungen zu schützen. Wir entwickeln diese Sicherheitsvorkehrungen ständig weiter, um den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu gewährleisten. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem Leitfaden
Sicherheit der Apple Plattformen
.
Apple ist sich der Bedeutung des Schutzes der personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern bewusst. Als Kinder definieren wir
Personen unter 13 Jahren oder einem entsprechenden in Ihrer Rechtsordnung gesetzlich festgelegten Alter
. Aus diesem Grund hat Apple zusätzliche Verfahren und Schutzmaßnahmen implementiert, um die personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern zu schützen.
Um auf bestimmte Apple Dienste zugreifen zu können, muss ein Kind einen Apple Account besitzen. Ein Apple Account für ein Kind kann durch einen
Elternteil
oder, im Falle eines verwalteten Apple Accounts, durch die
Bildungseinrichtung des Kindes
erstellt werden.
Eltern.
Um einen Kinderaccount zu erstellen, müssen Eltern die
Informationen unter Familien-Datenschutzauskunft für Kinder
lesen. Darin wird beschrieben, wie Apple mit den personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern umgeht. Bei Zustimmung muss ein Elternteil Apple eine nachprüfbare elterliche Zustimmung vorlegen.
Bildungseinrichtungen.
Bildungseinrichtungen, die am Apple School Manager Programm teilnehmen, können auch Apple Accounts für Lernende erstellen, sogenannte „verwaltete Apple Accounts“. Diese Einrichtungen müssen der Vereinbarung
Verwaltete Apple Accounts für Lernende
zustimmen, die als Anhang A des Apple School Manager Vertrags enthalten ist.
Wenn wir erfahren, dass die personenbezogenen Daten eines Kindes ohne entsprechende Genehmigung erfasst wurden, werden sie schnellstmöglich gelöscht.
Um von Ihren Datenschutzrechten für die Informationen Ihres Kindes Gebrauch zu machen, besuchen Sie die Apple Seite für Daten und Datenschutz unter
privacy.apple.com
, und melden Sie sich beim Account des Kindes an.
Auf den Websites, in Onlinediensten, interaktiven Anwendungen und Werbematerialien von Apple werden möglicherweise
„Cookies“ und andere Technologien
wie etwa Webbeacons verwendet.
Diese Technologien erlauben uns, das Nutzerverhalten, u. a. für Sicherheit und Betrugsbekämpfung, besser zu verstehen, informieren uns, welche Teile unserer Websites besucht wurden und vereinfachen und messen die Effizienz von Werbung und der Websuchen.
Kommunikations-Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden verwendet, um den Netzwerkverkehr von und zu den Systemen von Apple zu ermöglichen, einschließlich des Erkennens etwaiger Fehler.
Absolut notwendige Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden bei Bedarf gesetzt, um eine bestimmte Funktion oder einen bestimmten Dienst bereitzustellen, auf die/den Sie zugegriffen oder die/den Sie angefordert haben. Sie ermöglichen es uns zum Beispiel, unsere Websites im richtigen Format und in der richtigen Sprache anzuzeigen, Ihre Transaktionen zu authentifizieren und zu verifizieren und den Inhalt Ihres Einkaufswagens zu speichern, wenn Sie online auf
apple.com/de
einkaufen.
Sonstige Cookies.
Diese Cookies werden verwendet, um zu verstehen, wie Besucher:innen mit unseren Websites und Online-Diensten interagieren, u. a. indem sie uns helfen, die Wirksamkeit von Werbung und Websuchen zu beurteilen. Apple verwendet diese Cookies auch, um die von Ihnen beim Browsen getroffenen Entscheidungen zu speichern, damit wir Ihnen ein individuelles Erlebnis bieten können.
Wenn Sie es vorziehen, dass Apple keine Cookies verwendet, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, deren Verwendung zu deaktivieren. Wenn Sie Cookies deaktivieren möchten und den Webbrowser Safari verwenden, wählen Sie in den Datenschutzeinstellungen von Safari „Alle Cookies blockieren“. Wenn Sie einen anderen Browser verwenden, können Sie sich bei Ihrem Anbieter erkundigen, wie sich Cookies deaktivieren lassen. Bestimmte Funktionen der Apple Website sind möglicherweise nicht verfügbar, wenn alle Cookies deaktiviert sind.
Zusätzlich zu Cookies verwendet Apple andere Technologien, die uns helfen, ähnliche Ziele zu erreichen.
In einigen E-Mail-Nachrichten, die Apple an Sie sendet, geben wir eine „Click-through-URL“ an, über die Sie auf Inhalte auf der Apple Website weitergeleitet werden. Wenn Sie auf diese URLs klicken, werden Sie durch einen separaten Webserver geleitet, bevor Sie zur Zielseite auf unserer Website gelangen. Wir verfolgen diesen „Click-through“, um das Interesse an bestimmten Themen zu ermitteln und zu messen, ob wir effektiv mit Ihnen kommunizieren. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass solche Daten erfasst und nachverfolgt werden, klicken Sie in E-Mails nicht auf Grafik- oder Text-Links.
Apple behandelt Daten, die wir mit diesen Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien erfassen, im Allgemeinen als nicht personenbezogene Daten.
In dem Ausmaß, zu dem Internet-Protokolladressen (IP-Adressen) oder ähnliche Identifizierungsmerkmale durch anwendbares Recht als personenbezogene Daten eingestuft werden, behandeln wir diese Identifizierungsmerkmale ebenfalls als personenbezogene Daten. Darüber hinaus kombiniert Apple manchmal nicht personenbezogene Daten, die mit diesen Technologien erfasst wurden, mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten, die Apple aufbewahrt. Wenn wir Daten auf diese Weise kombinieren, behandeln wir die kombinierten Daten für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie als personenbezogene Daten.
Anzeigen, die über die Werbeplattform von Apple bereitgestellt werden, können in App Store, in Apple News, in der App „Aktien“ und in der Apple TV App angezeigt werden. Die Werbeplattform von Apple verfolgt Sie nicht, was bedeutet, dass sie keine Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten, die von unseren Apps erfasst wurden, mit Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten verknüpft, die von Dritten für zielgerichtete Werbe- oder Werbemessungszwecke erfasst wurden, und keine Nutzer- oder Gerätedaten an Datenvermittler weitergibt.
Wenn Sie in diesen Apps keine auf Ihre Interessen zugeschnittene Werbung von der Apple Werbeplattform erhalten möchten, können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren. Damit deaktivieren Sie derartige Werbung für Ihren Apple Account – unabhängig vom verwendeten Gerät. Auf Ihrem iOS, iPadOS oder visionOS Gerät können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren, indem Sie „Einstellungen“ > „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ > „Apple Werbung“ wählen und auf „Personalisierte Werbung“ tippen, um sie zu deaktivieren. Auf Ihrem Mac können Sie „Personalisierte Werbung“ deaktivieren, indem Sie „Systemeinstellungen“ > „Datenschutz & Sicherheit“ > „Datenschutz“ > „Werbung“ wählen und auf „Personalisierte Werbung“ tippen, um sie zu deaktivieren. Sie sehen unter Umständen dennoch kontextbasierte Werbung im App Store oder bei Apple News und Aktien auf der Basis Ihrer Suchanfrage oder des Channels, den Sie lesen. Wenn Sie „Apps erlauben, Tracking anzufordern“ deaktivieren, können Apps von Drittanbietern nicht auf die Anzeigenkennung zugreifen (eine nicht personenbezogene Kennung, die vom Betriebssystem auf Ihrem Gerät bereitgestellt wird), um Sie über Apps und Websites anderer Unternehmen nachzuverfolgen.
Weitere Informationen zur von Apple bereitgestellten Werbung und zum Datenschutz finden Sie unter
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/de/apple-advertising
.
Die Produkte und Angebote von Apple verbinden Sie mit der Welt. Um dies zu ermöglichen,
können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Einrichtungen auf der ganzen Welt,
einschließlich Apple Partnerunternehmen, übertragen oder von diesen eingesehen werden, um Verarbeitungsaktivitäten durchzuführen, wie sie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie in Verbindung mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Produkte und Dienste beschrieben werden. Apple hält sich an die Gesetze zur Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten zwischen Ländern, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten an jedem Ort stets geschützt sind.
Der Apple Rechtsträger, der Ihre personenbezogenen Daten kontrolliert, kann je nach Ihrem Wohnort variieren.
Beispielsweise werden Apple Store Informationen von einzelnen Retail Einrichtungen in jedem Land kontrolliert und personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf Apple Media Services können, wie in den Servicebedingungen angegeben, von verschiedenen Apple Rechtsträgern kontrolliert werden. Wenn Sie nicht in den USA leben, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von Apple Inc. und anderen Apple Partnerunternehmen im Auftrag des Apple Rechtsträgers verarbeitet werden, der die personenbezogenen Daten für Ihre Gerichtsbarkeit kontrolliert. Beispielsweise werden Bilder und zugehörige Daten, die Apple weltweit erfasst, um Apple Karten zu verbessern und unsere Funktion „Umsehen“ zu unterstützen, an Apple Inc. in Kalifornien übertragen.
Personenbezogene Daten, die sich auf Einzelpersonen im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, in Großbritannien und der Schweiz beziehen, werden von Apple Distribution International Limited in Irland kontrolliert. Die internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten, die im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, in Großbritannien und der Schweiz erfasst werden, durch Apple wird durch die
Standardvertragsklauseln
geregelt. Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder ein Exemplar der Apple Standardvertragsklauseln haben möchten, wenden Sie sich an
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die von
Apple oder einem Apple Partnerunternehmen
weltweit erfasst werden, werden in der Regel von Apple Inc. In den USA gespeichert. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert sind, sorgt Apple stets für das gleiche hohe Maß an Schutz und Schutzmaßnahmen.
Die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Datenschutzpraktiken von Apple entsprechen dem Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs)-System und dem Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP)-System. Weitere Informationen zu diesen beiden Systemen
finden Sie hier
. Um unsere Zertifizierungen einzusehen, besuchen Sie das
Verzeichnis zur CBPR-System-Compliance
. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen zum Umfang unserer Teilnahme abrufen oder eine Datenschutzanfrage über unseren Accountability Agent
BBB National Programs
senden möchten, rufen Sie diese Seiten auf:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules-Programm
Privacy Recognition for Processors-Programm
Personenbezogene Daten von Personen in der Volksrepublik China können von Apple in Ländern außerhalb der Volksrepublik China verarbeitet werden, wie Apple Inc. in den USA oder Apple Distribution International Limited in der Republik Irland. Wo dies der Fall ist, geschieht dies in Übereinstimmung mit den örtlichen Gesetzen, einschließlich des Gesetzes zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten. Für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie dargelegten Zwecke der Verarbeitung kann Apple solche personenbezogenen Daten auch an externe Dienstanbieter übertragen, die die Daten wiederum außerhalb der Volksrepublik China speichern oder übertragen können. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Datenschutzangaben für Festlandchina
.
Damit die Sicherheit personenbezogener Daten gewährleistet ist, werden unsere Richtlinien über die Persönlichkeitsrechte und Sicherheitsvorkehrungen allen Mitarbeiter:innen von Apple bekannt gegeben und die Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zum Schutz der Persönlichkeitsrechte innerhalb des Unternehmens streng umgesetzt.
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Apple Datenschutzrichtlinie oder zu den Datenschutzpraktiken von Apple haben, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen ein Drittanbieter in unserem Namen handelt, oder unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten kontaktieren möchten, können Sie uns unter
apple.com/de/privacy/contact
erreichen oder die
Apple Support-Telefonnummer
für Ihr Land oder Ihre Region anrufen.
Sie können uns auch Fragen dazu stellen, wie Sie eine Datenschutzbeschwerde einreichen können, und wir werden unser Möglichstes tun, um Ihnen zu helfen.
Apple nimmt Ihre Fragen zum Datenschutz ernst. Ein kompetentes Team prüft Ihre Anfrage, um festzustellen, wie Ihre Frage oder Ihr Anliegen am besten beantwortet werden kann, einschließlich jener Anfragen, die als Antwort auf eine Zugriffs- oder Downloadanfrage eingehen. In den meisten Fällen erhalten alle wesentlichen Kontaktanfragen innerhalb von sieben Tagen eine Antwort. In anderen Fällen benötigen wir möglicherweise zusätzliche Informationen oder teilen Ihnen mit, dass unsere Antwort mehr Zeit in Anspruch nimmt.
Wenn Sie in Ihrer Beschwerde darauf hinweisen, dass wir den Umgang mit Datenschutzthemen verbessern könnten, werden wir entsprechende Schritte unternehmen, um dies bei der nächstmöglichen Gelegenheit umzusetzen. Falls sich ein Problem mit dem Datenschutz negativ auf Sie oder eine andere Person ausgewirkt hat, werden wir entsprechende Schritte unternehmen, um das Problem für Sie oder die andere Person zu lösen.
Sie können jederzeit – auch wenn Sie mit der Antwort von Apple nicht zufrieden sind – Ihre Beschwerde an die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde weiterleiten. Auf Ihre Anfrage hin versuchen wir Ihnen Informationen darüber bereitzustellen, welche Beschwerdewege Ihnen in Ihrem Fall zur Verfügung stehen.
Bei einer wesentlichen Änderung an dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie werden wir mindestens eine Woche im Voraus eine Mitteilung auf dieser Website veröffentlichen und Sie direkt über die Änderung informieren, wenn uns Ihre Daten vorliegen.
Unser CBPR-Zertifikat anzeigen
Unser PRP-Zertifikat anzeigen
Sub-policy 1
https://www.braintreepayments.com/de/legal/braintree-privacy-policy:
<< Back To Home Page
Braintree Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. Your privacy rights and choices
a. Understanding your rights
b. Understanding your choices
3. The personal data we collect
4. Where personal data comes from
a. How we use tracking technologies
5. Why we collect personal data
6. How and why we share personal data
7. How we protect your personal data
8. How long do we keep your personal data
9. How and where we transfer your personal data
10. How this statement changes over time
11. Children’s privacy
12. Contact Us
13. Additional Information
Braintree Privacy Statement
Last updated on 28 March 2022
1. Overview
This privacy statement explains how and why PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., as a controller, collects, stores, uses, shares and transfers personal data when you visit our websites offering Braintree services or use the Braintree services. Reading it will help you understand your privacy rights and the choices may you have.
PayPal is deemed authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. The nature and extent of consumer protections may differ from those for firms based in the UK. Details of the Temporary Permissions Regime, which allows EEA-based firms to operate in the UK for a limited period while seeking full authorisation, are available on the Financial Conduct Authority’s website.
“Personal data” in this statement means information about you, including your identity, financial information, contact information, and online behavior.
2. Your privacy rights and choices
When it comes to how your personal data is collected, stored, used, and shared, you have rights and choices.
a. Understanding your rights
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data, restrict processing, correct inaccuracies, anonymize or delete, and transfer your data that we’ve collected about you, subject to limitations under applicable law.
You may also have the right to review the outcome of certain automated decisions and request not be subjected to automated decision-making. If you want to exercise any of your rights, please
contact us
.
b. Understanding your choices
Here are some of the ways we communicate with you and the choices you have to limit these communications.
How we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered.
If you use our services to pay for goods and services, we may contact you via email, telephone, or send you paper mail. We do this when we reply to a message from you or when we have to communicate with you to comply with a law or other obligation. These messages contain important information and you may not opt out of receiving them.
If you are an existing merchant using our services so your customers can pay you, we may contact you using a telephone, email, text, paper mail, and send notifications to your merchant dashboard to help manage your account, deliver important information to you, and market our products and services.
If you are a merchant inquiring about our payment services, we may contact you via email or telephone to market our products and services and answer questions you may have about how our services work.
Depending on how we send the marketing communications, you can either click the unsubscribe link in any marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device to stop receiving these types of messages.
3. The personal data we collect
We may collect your personal data when you visit our websites, create a merchant account, or use our payment services to buy or sell goods and services.
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you use our services to purchase goods and services or contact us:
Information that identifies you, for example:
First and last name
Shipping address
IP address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Records and financial information, for example:
Credit and debit card information
Commercial information, for example:
Transaction information
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services
Geolocation information, for example:
IP-based geolocation
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, for example:
Call recordings when you talk to customer service
Information we infer based on your personal data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you inquire about our services, create a merchant account with us, or use our services so your customers can pay you. This may also include the personal data of your employees:
Information that identifies you, for example:
First and last name
IP address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Records and financial information, for example:
National identification Number
Government-issued identification
Bank account and routing numbers
Personal characteristics, for example:
Age
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services or websites
Geolocation data, for example:
IP-based geolocation
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, for example:
Call recordings when you call us
Photo IDs
Professional or employment information, for example:
Business information, contact emails and phone numbers
Tax IDs
Information we infer based on your personal data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you visit our websites:
Information that may identify you, for example:
IP address
Email address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services or websites
Information we infer based on your data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
4. Where personal data comes from
We may collect personal information about you from various sources, for example from:
Website visitors and those who inquire about our services
Merchants and their employees
Your customers when they pay you using our services
Our payment partners, such as card networks and payment processors
Credit bureaus
Service providers, such as companies that help us manage risk and fraud, deliver services to you, and market our services
a. How we use tracking technologies
We or our authorized service providers may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data whenever you use our services, visit our websites, or visit websites that offer our services. The information collected with these technologies helps us deliver our services, measure the effect of our ads, prevent fraud and enhance the security of our websites and service.
You can disable or decline some cookies for our websites and services. But, since some parts of our service rely on cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
5. Why we collect personal data
We collect personal data for many reasons, including to improve your experience, and to run our business. Let’s look at some specific reasons why we collect your personal data.
If you use our services to pay for goods and services or contact us, we may use your information for our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Run our websites and provide payment processing services.
Manage and improve our business.
Protect you from risk and fraud.
Comply with laws.
If you are a merchant (or the merchant’s employee) who use our services so your customer can pay you, we may use your information to fulfill our contract with you and for our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Run our websites and provide services, for example to verify access to your account and enable payment processing.
Manage and improve our business.
Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud.
Market our products and services.
Personalize your experience when you use our websites and services.
Contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with laws and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our services.
If you visit our websites or inquire about our services, we may use your information in our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Manage everyday business needs.
Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud.
Analyze and improve our services.
Market our products and services.
Comply with laws.
6. How and why we share personal data
We do not sell your personal data. However, we may share data across our services and with other members of the PayPal corporate family. Sometimes we also share the personal data we collect with third parties to help us provide services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products to merchants and those who inquire about our services, and comply with legal obligations.
You can review the kinds of personal data that we may share by reviewing
The personal data we collect
section.
We may share personal data with:
Other members of the PayPal corporate family
Merchants to help us manage risk, fraud and to help provide us with information to effectively communicate with you to meet our legal obligations
Service providers that help us with processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, and security
Card networks and payment processors
Courts, governments, regulators and law enforcement when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires PayPal or members of our corporate family to respond
Third-party tools used to help fight spam and abuse.
Other third parties to:
Comply with laws
Investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement
Facilitate a merger, purchase, or sale of part or all of our business
Comply with card association rules
To prevent physical harm or illegal activity
7. How we protect your personal data
Helping to keep your personal data safe against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration is our top priority.
To protect your personal data, we use technical, physical, and administrative security measures that include:
Firewalls
Data encryption
Physical access controls at our data centers
While we protect our systems and services, you’re responsible for keeping your password(s) and account information private. Also, you’re responsible for making sure your personal information is accurate and up to date.
8. How long do we keep your personal data
We retain personal data for the time necessary to fulfil your request and our legal obligations. We may maintain personal data for longer periods if it is our legitimate business interests and not prohibited by law. If you no longer use our services, we may keep your personal data and other information as required by law and according to our data retention policy. If we do, we’ll continue to handle it as we describe in this statement.
9. How and where we transfer your personal data
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.
The parties mentioned above may be established in jurisdictions other than your own and outside the European Economic Area and Switzerland. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with EEA data protection law, to protect your Personal Data. In particular, for transfers of your Personal Data within PayPal related companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (
available here
). Other transfers may be based on contractual protections. Please contact us for more information about this.
If you make transactions with parties outside the EEA or Switzerland or connect our Service with platforms, such as social media, outside the EEA or Switzerland, we are required to transfer your Personal Data with those parties in order to provide the requested Service to you.
10. How this statement changes over time
We’ll make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. This helps us stay up to date with changes to our business and the most current laws. After a new version is published, we’ll collect, store, use, and protect your personal data as we outline in that revised statement.
If the new version reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we’ll post it on the
Policy Updates or Privacy Statement
page of our website at least 21 days before it becomes effective.
We may also notify you about these changes through email or other communications.
11. Children’s privacy
Our services are for a general audience and are not directed at individuals under the age of majority. We do not knowingly collect information from children and individuals who are not legally able to use our services. If we realize that information has been collected from a child, we will move to promptly delete it, unless we are legally required to keep this information. You can help us by informing us if you believe that we have unintentionally collected information from a child, please contact us.
12. Contact Us
If you wish to learn more about our privacy practices, exercise your rights, or have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us following the instructions below. You can exercise your rights whether you use PayPal services or Braintree services (card payments made on a merchant’s website) by visiting
PayPal’s website
, and submitting your inquiry using the contact information provided in our privacy statement.
Users have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority for data protection in their country, should they find that we did not appropriately address their question or concern.
Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
13. Additional Information
Banking Regulations Notice for Customers in the EEA
In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By accepting this Privacy Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly consent to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above every quarter (January 1st, April 1st, July 1st and October 1st). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.
Specifically, you consent to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List here) and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
e. Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
f. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
g. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to personal information.
h. Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed
here
) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk. For example, if you use the PayPal Services to buy or sell goods using eBay Inc, or its affiliates (“eBay”), we may share Account Information with eBay in order to help protect your accounts from fraudulent activity, alert you if we detect such fraudulent activity on your accounts, or evaluate credit risk.
As part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we also may share necessary Account Information with eBay in cases where PayPal has placed a hold or other restriction on your account based on disputes, claims, chargebacks or other scenarios regarding the sale or purchase of goods. Also, as part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we may share Account Information with eBay to enable them to operate their programmes for evaluating buyers or sellers.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
Sub-policy 2
https://stripe.com/de/privacy:
Stripe-Rahmenvertrag
Stripe Connect
Plattformvereinbarung
Kontovereinbarung
Produkte und Programme
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate-Nutzungsbedingungen
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe-Kundenportal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe-Ecosystem für Partner
Stripe Radar
Stripe-Prämien
Stripe-Verifizierungen
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal-Einkaufskonditionen
Terminal-Konditionen für Wiederverkäufer
EULA für Stripe Terminal-Gerät
Stripe Treasury – verbundene Konten
Stripe Treasury – Plattformen
Stripe Tresor und Forward
Finanzbedingungen
Offenlegung durch Acquirer (Händlerbank)
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Konditionen für Zahlungsmethoden
Eingeschränkte und untersagte Geschäfte
Datenschutz
Datenschutzerklärung
Cookie-Richtlinie
Datenschutz-Framework
Dienstanbieterliste
Datenverarbeitungsvereinbarung
Internationale Datenübermittlung – Nachtrag
Datenschutzcenter von Stripe
Geistiges Eigentum
Geistiges Eigentum – Hinweis
Marks-Nutzung
Stripe-Apps
Vereinbarung für App-Entwickler/innen
App-Marktplatz-Vereinbarung
Lizenzen
Bedingungen für Verbraucher/innen
Dies ist eine ausschließlich zu Informationszwecken bereitgestellte Übersetzung der Datenschutzerklärung. Rechtliche Gültigkeit besitzt einzig und allein die Originalerklärung, die in englischer Sprache vorliegt.
Zuletzt aktualisiert:  16. Januar 2024.
Unsere Zusammenfassung der Aktualisierungen finden Sie hier.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie enthält wichtige Informationen über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese sorgfältig zu lesen.
Willkommen
Wir stellen die Finanzinfrastruktur für das Internet bereit. Einzelpersonen und Unternehmen jeder Größe nutzen unsere Technologie und Dienstleistungen, um Einkäufe zu vereinfachen, Zahlungen zu akzeptieren, Auszahlungen vorzunehmen und das Online-Geschäft zu verwalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („Erklärung“) beschreibt die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben, sowie Einzelheiten darüber, wie Sie sich bei Fragen zum Datenschutz an uns wenden können. Darüber hinaus werden in der Erklärung Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person und die Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Wahlmöglichkeiten dargelegt, einschließlich des Rechts, bestimmten Verwendungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, einschließlich unserer ergänzenden US-Hinweise, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Stripe“, „wir“, „unser“ oder „uns“ auf das Stripe-Unternehmen, das für die Erhebung, Nutzung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten wie in diesem Dokument beschrieben verantwortlich ist. Das für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortliche Stripe-Unternehmen kann je nach Rechtsordnung variieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
„Personenbezogene Daten“ bezieht sich auf alle Informationen, die mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person assoziiert sind, einschließlich der Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die wir über Sie während Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Diensten erheben (beispielsweise Geräteinformationen, IP-Adresse usw.).
„Dienste“ bezieht sich auf die von Stripe gemäß dem Stripe-Rahmenvertrag und den Nutzungsbedingungen für Verbraucher/innen bereitgestellten Produkte und Dienste. Dies kann Geräte und Anwendungen umfassen, die von Stripe bereitgestellt werden. Unsere „Geschäftsdienstleistungen“ sind Dienstleistungen, die wir für Unternehmen („Geschäftskunden“) erbringen, die uns direkt und indirekt personenbezogene Daten von „Endkundinnen“ und „Endkunden“ in Verbindung mit ihren eigenen Geschäftsabläufen und Aktivitäten liefern. Unsere „Endkundendienste“ richten sich direkt an Einzelpersonen zur persönlichen Nutzung. „Websites“ bezieht sich auf Stripe.com, Link.com und andere Websites, Anwendungen und Online-Dienste von Stripe. Zusammenfassend bezeichnen wir Websites, Geschäftsdienstleistungen und Endkundendienste als „Dienste“.
„Finanzpartner“ sind Finanzinstitute, Banken und andere Partner wie Acquirer von Zahlungsmethoden, Zahlungsdienstleister und Kartennetzwerke, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Dienste bereitzustellen.
Je nach Kontext bedeutet „Sie“ Endkundin/Endkunde, Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in:
Wenn Sie einen Endkundendienst für Ihren persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen, beispielsweise wenn Sie sich für Link anmelden, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endnutzer/in”.
Wenn Sie mit einem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung treten oder anderweitig eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden durchführen, indem Sie beispielsweise ein Paar Schuhe von einem Geschäftskunden kaufen, der Stripe Checkout für die Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt, aber keine direkte Transaktion mit Stripe durchführen, bezeichnen wir Sie als „Endkundin/Endkunde.”
Wenn Sie im Namen eines bestehenden oder potenziellen Geschäftskunden handeln (beispielsweise als Unternehmensgründer, Kontoverwalter für einen Geschäftskunden oder als Empfänger einer Mitarbeiter-Kreditkarte eines Geschäftskunden über Stripe Issuing), kategorisieren wir Sie als „Vertreter/in”.
Wenn Sie mit Stripe durch den Besuch einer Website interagieren, ohne in einem Stripe-Konto angemeldet zu sein, oder wenn Sie an Ihrer Interaktion mit Stripe nicht als Endnutzer/in, Endkunde/Endkundin oder Vertreter/in beteiligt sind, betrachten wir Sie als „Besucher/in“. Sie sind zum Beispiel Besucher/in, wenn Sie eine Nachricht an Stripe senden und um weitere Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen bitten.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich „Transaktionsdaten“ auf Daten, die von Stripe erhoben und verwendet werden, um von Ihnen gewünschte Transaktionen auszuführen. Bei bestimmten Transaktionsdaten handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, die Folgendes umfassen können: Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktnummer, Ihre Rechnungs- und Versandadresse, Informationen zur Zahlungsmethode (beispielsweise Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, Bankverbindung oder das von Ihnen gewählte Zahlungskartenbild), Angaben zum Händler und zum Standort, Betrag und Datum des Kaufs sowie in einigen Fällen Informationen über den gekauften Artikel.
Je nach Aktivität übernimmt Stripe die Rolle eines „Datenverantwortlichen“ und/oder „Auftragsverarbeiters“ (oder „Dienstleisters“) aufgrund dieser Aktivität. Zusätzliche Informationen zu unserer Rolle, zu dem für diese Erklärung verantwortlichen Stripe-Unternehmen und zu unseren Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Internationale Datenübermittlung
Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Kontakt
Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Unsere Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterscheidet sich je nachdem, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin/Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, und je nachdem, welchen Dienst Sie in Anspruch nehmen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Einzelunternehmer/in sind und unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen möchten, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, um Ihr Unternehmen zum Onboarding einzuladen; gleichzeitig könnten Sie auch Endkundin/Endkunde sein, wenn Sie Waren von einem anderen Geschäftskunden gekauft haben, der unsere Dienste zur Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt. Sie könnten Endnutzer/in sein, wenn Sie unseren Endkundendienst, wie beispielsweise Link, für diese Transaktionen genutzt haben.
1.1 Endnutzer/innen
Wir erbringen Endkundendienste, wenn wir Ihnen unsere Dienste direkt für Ihre persönliche Nutzung zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise Link). Weitere Einzelheiten zu unserer Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung solcher Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben
Verwendung von Link oder Verbindung mit Ihrem Bankkonto.
Stripe bietet Ihnen den Dienst „Link“ an, mit dem Sie Ihre Zahlungsmethoden bei Stripe hinterlegen können, um sie bequem zur Zahlung bei unseren Geschäftskunden zu nutzen. Wenn Sie sich bei Link anmelden, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode) bei Stripe gespeichert werden. Dies ermöglicht effizientere Kauferfahrungen bei der künftigen Nutzung von Link. Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Link entscheiden, erheben wir auch die mit Ihren Transaktionen assoziierten Transaktionsdaten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen (auch um Zahlungen über Ihr Bankkonto via Link zu leisten), erhebt und verarbeitet Stripe in regelmäßigen Abständen Ihre Kontoinformationen (beispielsweise Angaben zu Bankkontoinhaber/in, Kontostände, Kontonummer und -daten, Kontotransaktionen und in einigen Fällen auch Anmelde-/Zugangsdaten). Sie können uns jederzeit auffordern, die Erhebung dieser Daten einzustellen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sie können auch Ausweisdokumente (beispielsweise Ihren Führerschein) bei Link hinterlegen, um diese künftig an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben.
Bezahlung von Stripe.
Wenn Sie Waren oder Dienstleistungen direkt bei Stripe kaufen, erhalten wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlung an Stripe Climate leisten, erheben wir Informationen zur Transaktion, sowie Ihre Kontaktdaten und Angaben zur Zahlungsmethode.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir bieten einen Dienst zur Identitätsverifizierung an, der den Abgleich Ihres Ausweisdokuments (z. B. Führerschein) mit Ihrem Bild (z. B. Selfie) automatisiert. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer biometrischen Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Verifizierungstechnologie separat zustimmen, was Sie jederzeit widerrufen können.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endnutzer erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Endkundendienste, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben
Dienste
Wir verwenden und geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter, um Ihnen die Endkundendienste bereitzustellen. Dazu gehören Support, Personalisierung (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten) und Mitteilungen über unsere Endkundendienste (beispielsweise Benachrichtigung über Richtlinienaktualisierungen und Informationen über unsere Dienste). Beispielsweise könnte Stripe Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien oder die Daten, die Sie unseren Geschäftskunden zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auf der Website eines Geschäftskunden eingeben), verwenden, um Sie zu erkennen und Ihnen zu helfen, Link beim Besuch der Website unseres Geschäftskunden zu verwenden. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien finden Sie in der
Cookie Policy
von Stripe.
Unsere Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen verwenden, geben wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten an die Geschäftskunden weiter, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten.
Mehr erfahren
. Darüber hinaus können Sie Ihr Bankkonto mit Stripe verbinden, und Stripe anweisen, Ihre Kontodaten an Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Geschäftskunden über eigene Datenschutz-Erklärungen verfügen, in denen sie beschreiben, wie sie die an sie weitergegebenen Informationen verwenden.
Transaktionen.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen nutzen, verwenden wir Ihre bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode), um Transaktionen mit Geschäftskunden von Stripe durchzuführen. Wir stellen diese Daten Geschäftskunden und anderen, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zur Verfügung und verarbeiten sie gemäß Abschnitt 1.2 dieser Erklärung als Datenverarbeiter für diese Geschäftskunden.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste (beispielsweise Stripe Radar) erheben, um Betrug zu erkennen und um finanziellen Verlusten für Sie, uns und unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner vorzubeugen, einschließlich der Erkennung nicht autorisierter Käufe. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, personenbezogene Daten über Sie (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Werbung.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Ihre Eignung für weitere Endnutzer-Dienste zu prüfen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Endkundendienste zu bewerben. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig (einschließlich Ihrer gegebenenfalls erforderlichen Einwilligung), verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern und geben diese an andere weiter, damit wir unsere Endkundendienste an Sie vermarkten können, auch durch interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Dritte weiter, aber wir können Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.2 Endkundinnen und Endkunden
Stripe erbringt verschiedene Geschäftsdienstleistungen für seine Geschäftskunden. Dazu zählen persönliche oder Online-Zahlungen oder Auszahlungen für diese Geschäftskunden. Wenn wir als Dienstleister eines Geschäftskunden agieren (auch „Datenverarbeiter“ genannt), verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden gemäß unserer Vereinbarung mit dem Geschäftskunden und seinen rechtmäßigen Anweisungen. Dies geschieht zum Beispiel, wenn wir eine Zahlung für einen Geschäftskunden abwickeln, weil Sie etwas bei ihm gekauft haben oder wenn er uns anweist, Ihnen Gelder zu schicken.
Geschäftskunden sind für die Einhaltung der Datenschutzrechte ihrer Endkunden verantwortlich, einschließlich der Einholung angemessener Einwilligungen und der Offenlegung ihrer eigenen Datenerhebung und -verwendung im Zusammenhang mit ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren.
Weitere umfassende Informationen über die Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endkunden und Endkundinnen finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
, einschließlich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten stützen.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben
Transaktionsdaten.
Wir erhalten Ihre Transaktionsdaten, wenn Sie als Endkundin oder Endkunde Zahlungen an unseren Geschäftskunden leisten, Rückerstattungen von ihm erhalten, einen Kauf oder eine Spende veranlassen oder anderweitig mit unserem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, ob persönlich oder online. Wir können auch Ihren Transaktionsverlauf vom Geschäftskunden erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem können wir die Daten erheben, die Sie bei einem Bezahlvorgang eingeben, auch wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, das Ausfüllen des Formulars abzubrechen oder keine Transaktion mit dem Geschäftskunden vorzunehmen.
Mehr erfahren
. Ein Geschäftskunde, der den Terminal-Dienst von Stripe nutzt, um seine Waren oder Dienstleistungen an Endkundinnen und Endkunden zu vertreiben, kann den Terminal-Dienst nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten der Endkundinnen und Endkunden (wie Name, E-Mail, Telefonnummer, Adresse, Unterschrift oder Alter) entsprechend seiner eigenen Datenschutzerklärung zu erheben.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdaten.
Stripe bietet einen Verifizierungs- und Betrugspräventionsdienst an, den unsere Geschäftskunden nutzen können, um personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu verifizieren, wie beispielsweise Ihre Autorisierung zur Nutzung einer bestimmten Zahlungsmethode. Während dieses Prozesses werden Sie aufgefordert, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen (beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis und ein Selfie zur biometrischen Verifizierung, von Ihnen eingegebene personenbezogene Daten oder personenbezogene Daten, die aus der physischen Zahlungsmethode hervorgehen, wie das Bild auf der Kreditkarte). Zum Schutz vor Betrug und um festzustellen, ob jemand versucht, Ihre Identität vorzutäuschen, können wir diese Daten mit Informationen über Sie abgleichen, die wir von Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern, verbundenen Unternehmen, Identitätsprüfungsdiensten, öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen und anderen Dienstleistern und Quellen von Drittparteien erheben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben
Um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für unsere Geschäftskunden zu erbringen, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden und geben diese an sie weiter. Soweit zulässig, verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden auch für eigene Zwecke von Stripe, beispielsweise zur Stärkung der Sicherheit, zur Verbesserung und zum Angebot unserer Geschäftsdienstleistungen sowie zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Verlust und anderen Schäden, wie weiter unten beschrieben.
Zahlungsabwicklung und Buchhaltung.
Wir verwenden Ihre Transaktionsdaten, um für Geschäftskunden zahlungsbezogene Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen, darunter die Abwicklung von Online-Zahlungen, die Berechnung der Verkaufssteuer, die Bearbeitung von Rechnungen und Durchführung von Abrechnungen, sowie die Unterstützung bei der Ermittlung von Umsatzzahlen, der Begleichung von Rechnungen und der Erledigung von Buchhaltungsaufgaben.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verwenden, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen und zu verbessern.
Bei Zahlungstransaktionen werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zuge der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktion an verschiedene Stellen weitergegeben. Als Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter, um Transaktionen auf Weisung von Geschäftskunden abzuwickeln. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlungsmethode für Ihre Transaktion wählen, sei es eine Kreditkarte, eine Debitkarte, „Jetzt kaufen, später bezahlen“ oder ein Lastschriftverfahren, kann Ihr Zahlungsmethodenanbieter die Transaktionsdaten Ihrer über Stripe abgewickelten Transaktionen erhalten. Der Geschäftskunde, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten, erhält ebenfalls Transaktionsdaten und kann diese Daten an andere weitergeben. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Geschäftskunden entnehmen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzerklärungen
Finanzdienstleistungen.
Einige Geschäftskunden nutzen unsere Dienste, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen über Stripe oder unsere Finanzpartner anzubieten. Beispielsweise kann ein Geschäftskunde ein Kartenprodukt ausgeben, mit dem Sie Waren und Dienstleistungen kaufen können. Solche Karten könnten die Marke von Stripe, vom Bankpartner und/oder vom Geschäftskunden tragen. Zusätzlich zu den Transaktionsdaten, die wir durch die Verwendung dieser Karten bei Käufen generieren oder empfangen, erheben und verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch, um diese Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verwalten, einschließlich der Unterstützung unserer Geschäftskunden bei der Verhinderung des Missbrauchs der Karten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärungen des Geschäftskunden und, falls zutreffend, die Datenschutzerklärungen unserer mit der Finanzdienstleistung assoziierten Bankpartner (deren Marken möglicherweise auf der Karte angegeben sind), um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Identität, einschließlich der von Ihnen und unseren Dienstleistern bereitgestellten Informationen, um Verifizierungsdienste für Stripe oder für die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zu erbringen, um Betrug verhindern und die Sicherheit zu erhöhen. Falls Sie ein Selfie zusammen mit einem Foto Ihres Ausweisdokuments übermitteln, setzen wir biometrische Technologien zum Abgleich und zur Berechnung der Übereinstimmung ein, um Sie zu verifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste erheben, um Verluste für Sie, uns, unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (einschließlich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Unsere Geschäftskunden (und deren autorisierte Drittparteien).
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden an ihre jeweiligen Geschäftskunden und an Parteien weiter, die von diesen Geschäftskunden direkt autorisiert wurden, solche Daten zu erhalten. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Wenn ein Geschäftskunde Stripe anweist, einem anderen Geschäftskunden über Stripe Connect Zugang zu seinem Stripe-Konto, einschließlich der Daten seiner Endkunden, zu gewähren.
Weitergabe von Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, damit wir im Namen eines Geschäftskunden Zahlungen an Sie senden können.
Weitergabe von Informationen, Dokumenten oder Bildern, die von Endkunden zur Verfügung gestellt werden, an Geschäftskunden, wenn letztere Stripe Identity, unseren Identitätsverifizierungsdienst zur Überprüfung der Identität des Endkunden, nutzen.
Die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an andere Dienstleister als Stripe). Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung der Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Werbung durch Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf bei einem Geschäftskunden einleiten, erhält der Geschäftskunde von uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch wenn Sie Ihren Kauf nicht abschließen. Dieser Geschäftskunde kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um seine Produkte oder Dienste zu vermarkten und zu bewerben, und zwar gemäß den Bedingungen seiner Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten, einschließlich Ihrer Rechte, die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken zu unterbinden.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.3 Vertreter/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern von Geschäftskunden (beispielsweise von Unternehmensinhabern), um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Vertreter/innen erheben
Anmeldung und Kontaktinformationen.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Stripe-Konto für einen Geschäftskunden (einschließlich Unternehmensgründung) registrieren, erheben wir Ihren Namen und Ihre Zugangsdaten. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Stripe organisierte Veranstaltung registrieren oder daran teilnehmen oder sich für den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen von Stripe anmelden, erheben wir Ihre Registrierungs- und Profildaten. Über Sie als Vertreter/in können wir unter Umständen personenbezogene Daten von Drittparteien, einschließlich Datenanbietern, erheben, um Ihnen Werbung und Angebote zukommen zu lassen und um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, wie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
beschrieben. Darüber hinaus können wir möglicherweise einen Standort mit Ihnen verknüpfen, um die Dienste oder Informationen effektiv auf Ihre Bedürfnisse zuzuschneiden.
Mehr erfahren
.
Identifizierungsinformationen
Als aktueller oder potenzieller Geschäftskunde, als Inhaber/in eines Geschäftskunden oder als Anteilseigner/in, leitende(r) Angestellte(r) oder Vorstandsmitglied eines Geschäftskunden benötigen wir Ihre Kontaktdaten, beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, um die Anforderungen unserer Finanzpartner und die gesetzlichen Vorschriften zu erfüllen, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren und betrügerische Aktivitäten und Schäden an der Stripe-Plattform zu verhindern. Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie beispielsweise Eigentumsanteile am Geschäftskunden, Geburtsdatum, Ausweispapiere und zugehörige Identifikatoren sowie etwaige Betrugs- oder Missbrauchsfälle direkt von Ihnen und/oder von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste.
Mehr erfahren
. Sie haben auch die Möglichkeit, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Vertreter/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern verwenden und weitergeben
Im Allgemeinen verwenden wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um die Geschäftsdienstleistungen für die entsprechenden Geschäftskunden zu erbringen. Die Art und Weise, wie wir diese Daten verwenden und weitergeben, wird weiter unten beschrieben.
Geschäftsdienstleistungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben sie an Geschäftskunden weiter, um die von Ihnen oder von dem von Ihnen vertretenen Geschäftskunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen.
In bestimmten Fällen müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine staatliche Stelle übermitteln, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung zu erbringen, beispielsweise für die Unternehmensgründung oder die Berechnung und Zahlung der geltenden Verkaufssteuer. Für unsere steuerbezogenen Geschäftsdienstleistungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um im Namen des Geschäftskunden, den Sie vertreten, Steuererklärungen einzureichen. Für unsere Atlas-Geschäftsgründungsdienste können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um in Ihrem Namen Formulare bei der US-Steuerbehörde IRS und Dokumente bei anderen Regierungsbehörden einzureichen, beispielsweise die Gründungsurkunde im Gründungsstaat.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Parteien weiter, die vom jeweiligen Geschäftskunden ausdrücklich autorisiert wurden, beispielsweise an Finanzpartner, die ein Finanzprodukt vertreiben, oder Drittpartei-Apps oder -Dienste, die der Geschäftskunde neben unseren Geschäftsdienstleistungen nutzen möchte. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Anbieter von Zahlungsmethoden wie Visa oder WeChat Pay benötigen Informationen über Geschäftskunden und ihre Vertreter, die ihre Zahlungsmethoden akzeptieren. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel während des Onboarding-Prozesses oder zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen für diese Geschäftskunden benötigt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Ein Geschäftskunde kann Stripe autorisieren, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, um die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen über Stripe Connect zu erleichtern.
Die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten durch eine von einem Geschäftskunden autorisierte Drittpartei unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung der Drittpartei.
Wenn Sie ein Geschäftskunde sind und Ihr Unternehmen einen Namen trägt, der personenbezogene Daten enthält (beispielsweise ein Einzelunternehmen oder einen Familiennamen als Firmennamen), werden wir diese Daten für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste in der gleichen Weise verwenden und weitergeben, wie wir es mit jedem anderen Firmennamen tun. Dies kann bedeuten, dass er auf Quittungen und anderen Transaktionsbeschreibungen erscheint.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um Risiken zu erkennen und zu steuern, wonach unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für betrügerische Aktivitäten genutzt werden könnten, die Stripe, Endnutzer/innen, Endkunden, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und andere schädigen. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir Informationen über Sie, die wir von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und von unseren Diensten erhalten, um solche Risiken zu vermeiden, einschließlich der Ermittlung von Missbrauchsmustern und der Überwachung von Verstößen gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen. Stripe kann personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Geschäftskunden, unsere Finanzpartner und Drittpartei-Dienstleister weitergeben, um die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen zu überprüfen und Risikoindikatoren zu identifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern auch zur Durchführung von Due-Diligence-Prüfungen, einschließlich der Durchführung von Anti-Geldwäsche- und Sanktionsprüfungen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht, und geben sie weiter.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich der Aktivitäten in Ihrem Stripe-Konto, auch dazu verwenden, Ihre Eignung für Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu beurteilen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu bewerben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.4 Besucher/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen. Weitere Einzelheiten darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Besucher/innen erfassen
Wenn Sie auf unseren Websites surfen, erhalten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entweder direkt von Ihnen oder durch die Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
, um mehr zu erfahren. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, ein Formular auf unserer oder auf der Website Dritter auszufüllen, auf denen unsere Werbeanzeigen erscheinen (wie LinkedIn oder Facebook), erheben wir die Informationen, die Sie in das Formular eingeben. Dies kann Ihre Kontaktinformationen und andere Informationen zu Ihren Fragen über unsere Dienstleistungen umfassen. Wir können Ihren Besuch auch mit einem Standort assoziieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir von Besucher/innen erheben können, einschließlich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben
Personalisierung.
Wir verwenden die Daten, die wir mit Hilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien über Sie erheben, um das Nutzer/innen-Engagement bezüglich der Inhalte der Websites zu messen, die Relevanz und Navigation zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und regionsspezifische Inhalte) und auf Sie zugeschnittene Inhalte über Stripe und unsere Dienste zu erstellen. Da zum Beispiel nicht alle unsere Dienste global verfügbar sind, können wir unsere Antworten auf Ihre Region abstimmen.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschließlich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir mit interessenbezogener Werbung werben und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Engagement
. Bei Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Websites verwenden wir die Daten, die wir über Ihre Geräte erheben, um Ihnen Möglichkeiten für weitere Interaktionen zu bieten, beispielsweise Diskussionen über Dienste oder Interaktionen mit Chatbots, um Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
2. Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Zusätzlich zu den oben beschriebenen Arten verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten folgendermaßen:
a. Erhebung personenbezogener Daten
Online-Aktivität.
Abhängig vom genutzten Dienst und der Art und Weise, wie unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung von den Geschäftskunden implementiert wird, können wir Daten erheben, die sich auf Folgendes beziehen:
Die Geräte und Browser, die Sie auf unseren Websites und für Websites, Apps und sonstige Online-Dienste von Drittparteien („Drittpartei-Websites“) verwenden.
Nutzungsdaten, die mit diesen Geräten und Browsern und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste assoziiert sind, einschließlich Daten wie IP-Adresse, Plug-ins, Spracheinstellungen, auf den Websites und den Websites Dritter verbrachte Zeit, besuchte Seiten, angeklickte Links, verwendete Zahlungsmethoden und die Seiten, die Sie zu unseren Websites und den Websites Dritter geführt haben. Wir sammeln auch Aktivitätsindikatoren, wie zum Beispiel Mausaktivitätsindikatoren, die uns helfen, Betrug aufzudecken.
Mehr erfahren
. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
.
Informationen zu Kommunikation und Nutzung.
Des Weiteren erheben wir Informationen, die Sie uns über verschiedene Kanäle zur Verfügung stellen, beispielsweise über Support Tickets, E-Mails oder Social Media. Wenn Sie auf E-Mails oder Umfragen von Stripe antworten, erheben wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihren Namen und alle anderen Daten, die Sie in Ihrer E-Mail oder Ihren Antworten angeben. Wenn Sie telefonisch mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen, zeichnen wir Ihre Telefonnummer und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie im Laufe des Gesprächs angeben, auf. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung, wie beispielsweise Ihre Anmeldung für, Anwesenheit bei oder Besuch von Stripe-Veranstaltungen und alle weiteren Interaktionen mit Mitarbeitern und Mitarbeiterinnen von Stripe.
Foren und Diskussionsgruppen.
Sofern unsere Websites das Posten von Inhalten gestatten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit ihrem Beitrag bereitstellen.
b. Verwendung personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Verwendung personenbezogener Daten verwenden wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten:
Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen.
Auf unseren Websites verwenden wir Analysewerkzeuge zum Verständnis Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites und Dienste und zur Diagnose technischer Probleme. Weitere Informationen zu Ihrer Kontrolle über die Verwendung von Cookies und Drittpartei-Analysen finden Sie in unserer
Cookie Policy
. Darüber hinaus erfassen und verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten auch über unsere verschiedenen Dienste, unabhängig davon, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin oder Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und um uns dabei zu unterstützen, unsere Dienste für Sie relevanter und sinnvoller zu gestalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Kommunikation.
Wir verwenden Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, was auch den Versand von Codes per SMS zu Ihrer Authentifizierung beinhalten kann.
Mehr erfahren
. Wenn Sie Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, werden wir mit Ihnen mit Hilfe der Kontaktdaten, die uns über Sie vorliegen, kommunizieren, um Ihnen Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen und die unserer Partner zukommen zu lassen, Sie zur Teilnahme an unseren Veranstaltungen, Umfragen oder Nutzer-Research einzuladen oder anderweitig mit Ihnen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht für Marketingzwecke zu kommunizieren, einschließlich jeglicher Zustimmungs- oder Opt-out-Erfordernisse. Wenn Sie uns beispielsweise Ihre Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung stellen oder wenn wir Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten durch Ihre Teilnahme an Messen oder anderen Veranstaltungen erheben, können wir diese Daten verwenden, um mit Ihnen bezüglich einer Veranstaltung in Kontakt zu treten, Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Sie in unsere Marketing-Informationskampagnen einzubeziehen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, können wir unsere Gespräche mit Ihnen aufzeichnen, um unsere Dienste zu erbringen, unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Forschung und Qualitätssicherung zu betreiben und darüber hinaus zu Schulungszwecken.
Social Media und Werbeaktionen
. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten übermitteln, um ein Angebot, ein Programm oder eine Werbeaktion in Anspruch zu nehmen, verwenden wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verwaltung des Angebots, des Programms oder der Werbeaktion. Wir verwenden die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zusammen mit den personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Social-Media-Plattformen zur Verfügung stellen, auch für Marketingzwecke, es sei denn, wir sind dazu nicht berechtigt.
Betrugsprävention und Sicherheit.
Wir erheben und verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um betrügerische oder schädigende Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten zu erkennen und zu steuern, unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugserkennung bereitzustellen und um unsere Dienste und Transaktionen vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Manipulation oder Veruntreuung von personenbezogenen Daten, Informationen und Geldern zu schützen. Wir erheben Daten von Dritten (beispielsweise Kreditauskunfteien) und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste im Rahmen der Betrugsprävention, Betrugserkennung, Sicherheitsüberwachung und Compliance-Maßnahmen für Stripe und seine Geschäftskunden. In bestimmten Fällen können wir auch Daten über Sie direkt von Ihnen oder von unseren Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern und anderen Dritten zu denselben Zwecken erheben. Darüber hinaus können wir zum Schutz unserer Dienste Informationen wie IP-Adressen und andere identifizierende Daten über potenzielle Sicherheitsbedrohungen von Drittparteien beziehen.
Mehr erfahren
. Derartige Informationen helfen uns bei Identitätsverifizierungen und Bonitätsprüfungen, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist, sowie bei der Betrugsprävention. Darüber hinaus können wir Technologien einsetzen, um das potenzielle Betrugsrisiko bei Personen zu bewerten, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen wollen, oder das Risiko, das sich aus versuchten Transaktionen von Endkundinnen/Endkunden oder Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern mit unseren Geschäftskunden oder Finanzpartnern ergibt.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zur Geldwäschebekämpfung, zur KYC-Gesetzgebung (Know-Your-Customer), zur Terrorismusbekämpfung, zum Schutz gefährdeter Kunden, zur Exportkontrolle und zum Verbot von Geschäften mit eingeschränkten Personen oder in bestimmten Geschäftsbereichen sowie andere gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zum Beispiel können wir Transaktionsmuster und andere Online-Signale analysieren und diese Erkenntnisse nutzen, um Betrug, Geldwäsche und andere unlautere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die Stripe, unsere Finanzpartner, Endnutzer/innen, unsere Geschäftskunden und andere betreffen könnten.
Mehr erfahren
. Sicherheit und Rechtskonformität unserer Dienste haben für uns oberste Priorität. Die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten ist für diese Zwecke unerlässlich.
Minderjährige.
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Deshalb bitten wir diese, keine personenbezogenen Daten an uns zu übermitteln, um Dienste direkt von Stripe zu beziehen. In bestimmten Ländern können wir nach geltendem Recht auch höhere Altersgrenzen festlegen.
c. Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten geben wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten weiter:
Mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen für die in dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke weiter.
Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter.
Um unsere Dienste bereitstellen, bekannt machen, vermarkten und bewerben zu können, arbeiten wir mit Dienstleistern zusammen. Diese Dienstleister erbringen wichtige Leistungen – von der Bereitstellung der Cloud-Infrastruktur über die analytische Auswertung von Geschwindigkeit, Genauigkeit und/oder Sicherheit unserer Dienste und die Identitätsverifizierung bis hin zu Kundenservice und Audit-Funktionen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist die Verwendung oder Offenlegung der von uns bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten gestattet, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen und die einschlägigen rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zudem werden diese Dienstleister von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten. Die Mehrheit der Dienstleister, deren Dienste wir in Anspruch nehmen, befindet sich in der EU, den Vereinigten Staaten und in Indien.
Mehr erfahren
.
Finanzpartner.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an bestimmte Finanzpartner weiter, um Geschäftskunden, die solche Dienste in Anspruch nehmen möchten, Dienste anbieten zu können, und um bestimmte Dienste in Verbindung mit diesen Finanzpartnern anzubieten. So geben wir beispielsweise bestimmte personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen, wie Kreditrückzahlungsdaten und Kontaktinformationen, an institutionelle Anleger weiter, die Kredite kaufen oder anbieten, die durch die von uns gewährten Kapitaldarlehen an die Geschäftskunden, mit denen sie assoziiert sind, gesichert sind.
Andere mit Einwilligung.
In manchen Fällen bieten wir eine Dienstleistung nicht an, sondern verweisen Sie stattdessen an andere (wie beispielsweise professionelle Dienstleistungsunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um den Atlas-Dienst zu realisieren). In diesen Fällen werden wir die Identität der Drittpartei und die Informationen, die an diese weitergegeben werden sollen, offenlegen und Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, diese Informationen weiterzugeben.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Im Rahmen einer vollständigen oder teilweisen tatsächlichen oder beabsichtigten Umstrukturierung unseres Unternehmens durch Sanierung, Fusion, Verkauf, Joint-Venture, Abtretung, Übertragung oder Führungswechsel oder im Fall einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Veräußerung unseres Unternehmens, unserer Vermögenswerte oder Aktienbestände können wir personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergeben. Wird Stripe ganz oder teilweise von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben, ist dieses Unternehmen dazu berechtigt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin zu verwenden. Dies darf jedoch nur in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung geschehen.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften und Schadensabwehr.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten weiter, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, um die von den Finanzpartnern im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung ihrer Zahlungsmethode auferlegten Regeln einzuhalten, um unsere vertraglichen Rechte durchzusetzen, um die Dienste, Rechte, den Datenschutz, die Sicherheit und das Eigentum von Stripe, Ihnen und anderen zu sichern und zu schützen, einschließlich gegen unlautere oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, und um auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Gerichten, Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Aufsichtsbehörden und anderen öffentlichen und staatlichen Stellen zu reagieren, zu denen auch Stellen außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes gehören können.
3. Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Für die Zwecke der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer geltender Datenschutzgesetze stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine Reihe von Rechtsgrundlagen.
Mehr erfahren
. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlagen gelten, die im Abschnitt
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
weiter unten erläutert werden.
a. Vertragliche und vorvertragliche Geschäftsbeziehungen.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um Geschäftsbeziehungen mit potenziellen Geschäftskunden und Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern einzugehen und unsere jeweiligen vertraglichen Verpflichtungen mit ihnen zu erfüllen. Zu diesen Verarbeitungstätigkeiten zählen:
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe-Konten und Anmeldedaten für Stripe-Konten, einschließlich der Prüfung von Anfragen zur erstmaligen oder erweiterten Nutzung der von uns erbrachten Dienste;
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe Checkout-Konten;
Aktivitäten im Rahmen von Buchhaltung, Auditing und Abrechnung; sowie
Zahlungsabwicklung und damit zusammenhängende Aktivitäten wie Betrugserkennung, Verlustprävention, Transaktionsoptimierung, Mitteilungen über solche Zahlungen und damit zusammenhängende Kundendienstaktivitäten.
b. Rechtskonformität.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um die Identität von natürlichen und juristischen Personen zu verifizieren, um Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsüberwachung, -prävention und -erkennung, Gesetzen im Zusammenhang mit der Identifizierung und Meldung illegaler und rechtswidriger Aktivitäten, beispielsweise im Rahmen der Vorschriften zur Geldwäschebekämpfung (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) und zur Kundenidentifizierung (KYC – Know-Your-Customer), sowie Finanzberichterstattungspflichten nachzukommen. So kann es beispielsweise erforderlich sein, die Identität eines Geschäftskunden zu erfassen und zu überprüfen, um Vorschriften zur Verhinderung von Geldwäsche, Betrug und Finanzkriminalität einzuhalten. Diese Rechtsvorschriften können uns dazu verpflichten, Rechenschaft gegenüber Dritten abzulegen und uns Prüfungen durch Dritte zu unterziehen.
c. Berechtigte Interessen.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unsere berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen. Die folgende Liste enthält Beispiele für Geschäftszwecke, für die wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten haben:
Erkennung, Verfolgung und Verhinderung von betrügerischen Handlungen und nicht autorisierten Zahlungsvorgängen;
Minimierung finanzieller Verluste, Ansprüche, Verbindlichkeiten oder anderer Schäden für Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Endnutzer/innen, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und Stripe;
Feststellung der Eignung für neue Stripe-Dienstleistungen sowie deren Angebot (
Mehr erfahren
);
Beantwortung von Anfragen, Zustellung von Servicemeldungen und Erbringung von Kundensupport;
Vermarktung, Analyse, Änderung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, Systeme und Tools sowie die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Verbesserung der Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste;
Verwaltung, Betrieb und Verbesserung der Leistung unserer Websites und Dienste mithilfe von Informationen über ihre Effektivität und die Optimierung unserer digitalen Ressourcen;
Analyse und Werbung für unsere Dienste und damit verbundene Verbesserungen;
Gesamtanalysen und Entwicklung von Business-Intelligence-Lösungen, die uns dabei unterstützen, unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten auszuführen und zu schützen, fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen und über die Leistung unseres Unternehmens zu berichten;
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an die Drittpartei-Dienstleister, die in unserem Namen Dienste anbieten, und an Geschäftspartner, die uns bei der Ausübung und Optimierung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit unterstützen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Gewährleistung der Netzwerk- und Informationssicherheit bei Stripe und den von Stripe erbrachten Diensten; sowie
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
d. Einwilligung.
Bei der Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste wie Link, Financial Connections, Atlas und Identity können wir uns auf Ihre Einwilligung bzw. ausdrückliche Einwilligung stützen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung hat, die auf der Grundlage der Einwilligung vor deren Widerruf erfolgt ist.
e. Erhebliches öffentliches Interesse.
Wir können besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten im Sinne der DSGVO verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses und im Einklang mit geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, beispielsweise wenn wir Überprüfungen politisch exponierter Personen vornehmen. Ferner können wir auch personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit strafrechtlichen Verurteilungen und Straftaten verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung durch geltendes Recht autorisiert ist, beispielsweise wenn wir ein Sanktionsscreening durchführen, um den AML- und KYC-Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
4. Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Je nach Standort und geltendem Recht haben Sie im Hinblick auf unsere Erhebung, Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestimmte Wahlmöglichkeiten:
a. Abmeldung von der elektronischen Kommunikation mit uns.
Wenn Sie keine marketingbezogenen E-Mails mehr von uns erhalten möchten, können Sie sich abmelden, indem Sie auf den in diesen E-Mails enthaltenen Abmeldelink klicken oder wie
hier
beschrieben. Wir werden versuchen, Ihre Anfrage schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns das Recht vorbehalten, mit Ihnen über die von Ihnen in Anspruch genommenen Dienste zu kommunizieren (beispielsweise über Support und wichtige rechtliche Hinweise), auch wenn Sie sich gegen den Erhalt marketingbezogener E-Mails von uns entscheiden. Trotzdem können Geschäftskunden Ihnen Nachrichten schicken oder uns anweisen, Ihnen in ihrem Namen Nachrichten zu schicken.
b. Ihre Datenschutzrechte.
Je nach Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie unter Umständen folgende Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben:
Das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob Stripe personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die mit Ihnen assoziiert sind, und wenn ja, Zugang zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe zur Berichtigung und Aktualisierung von falschen, unvollständigen oder veralteten personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, unter bestimmten, gesetzlich festgelegten Umständen von Stripe die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe unter bestimmten Umständen (beispielsweise während der Bearbeitung eines anderen von Ihnen eingebrachten Antrags wie etwa eines Antrags auf Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) zur Einschränkung der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir vorhalten, an ein anderes Unternehmen exportieren, sofern dies technisch möglich ist;
Das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Einwilligung erfolgt;
Das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen, wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen verarbeiten; sofern keine zwingenden berechtigten Gründe vorliegen oder die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, werden wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Erhalt Ihres Widerspruchs einstellen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, wegen der Ausübung dieser Rechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden; und
Das Recht darauf, gegen jede diese Rechte betreffende Entscheidung von Stripe Widerspruch einzulegen, indem Sie sich an die Datenschutzbeauftragten von Stripe („DSB“) unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden.
Je nach geltendem Recht haben Sie möglicherweise weitergehende Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten. Beispiele finden Sie im Abschnitt „Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen“ unter „Vereinigte Staaten“ weiter unten.
c. Verfahren zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte
Besuchen Sie zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte unser
Datenschutzcenter
oder kontaktieren Sie uns wie unten beschrieben.
5. Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Wir treffen geeignete Vorkehrungen, um ein Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten, das dem Risiko bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angemessen ist. Dazu setzen wir organisatorische, technische und administrative Maßnahmen ein, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die unter diese Erklärung fallen, vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Leider ist kein Datenübertragungs- oder Speichersystem absolut sicher.
Wir empfehlen, uns beim Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu unterstützen. Wenn Sie ein Stripe-Konto besitzen, können Sie dies durch die Verwendung eines sicheren Passworts, den Schutz Ihres Passworts vor unbefugter Nutzung und die Vermeidung der mehrfachen Verwendung der Anmeldedaten für Ihr Stripe-Konto auch bei anderen Diensten oder Konten tun. Wenn Sie den Verdacht haben, dass Ihre Interaktionen mit uns nicht mehr sicher sind (z. B. wenn Sie glauben, dass die Sicherheit Ihres Stripe-Kontos nicht mehr gewährleistet ist),
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte umgehend.
Wir halten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange vor, wie wir Ihnen oder unseren Geschäftskunden die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, oder für einen Zeitraum, bei dem wir vernünftigerweise davon ausgehen, dass wir die Dienste weiterhin anbieten. Auch nachdem wir die Bereitstellung von Diensten für Sie oder einen Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, eingestellt haben, und auch nachdem Sie Ihr Stripe-Konto geschlossen oder eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden abgeschlossen haben, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, um:
unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen,
Aktivitäten zur Betrugsüberwachung, -aufdeckung und Verlustprävention zu ermöglichen, und
zur Erfüllung unserer steuerlichen, buchhalterischen und finanzwirtschaftlichen Berichtspflichten, einschließlich der Fälle, in denen eine solche Aufbewahrung durch unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen mit unseren Finanzpartnern vorgeschrieben ist (und in denen die Aufbewahrung von Daten durch die von Ihnen verwendeten Zahlungsmethoden vorgeschrieben ist).
In den Fällen, in denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, tun wir dies in Übereinstimmung mit allen Verjährungsfristen und Aufzeichnungspflichten, die uns durch geltendes Recht auferlegt werden.
Mehr erfahren
.
6. Internationale Datenübermittlung
Für uns als globales Unternehmen ist es manchmal notwendig, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder als Ihr eigenes zu übermitteln, einschließlich der Vereinigten Staaten. In diesen Ländern gelten unter Umständen andere Datenschutzbestimmungen als in Ihrem Land. Bei der grenzüberschreitenden Übermittlung von Daten ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Einhaltung geltender Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf eine solche Übermittlung. In bestimmten Situationen kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten auf rechtmäßige Anfrage von Behörden (beispielsweise Strafverfolgungs- oder Sicherheitsbehörden) hin offenlegen müssen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“), im Vereinigten Königreich („UK“) oder in der Schweiz ansässig sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
. Wenn das geltende Recht einen Datenübertragungsmechanismus verlangt, verwenden wir einen oder mehrere der folgenden Mechanismen:
Übermittlungen in bestimmte Länder oder an Empfänger, die nach geltendem Recht anerkanntermaßen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau für personenbezogene Daten bieten.
Die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten EU-Standardvertragsklauseln und das vom UK Information Commissioner's Office herausgegebene Zusatzprotokoll zum internationalen Datentransfer. Sie können ein Exemplar der einschlägigen Standardvertragsklauseln erhalten. Weitere Informationen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Weitere rechtmäßige Methoden, die uns nach geltendem Recht zur Verfügung stehen.
Stripe, Inc. hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework („EU-U.S. DPF“), die UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF und das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt und soweit anwendbar.
Mehr erfahren
.
7. Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, um neue Dienste, Änderungen unserer Datenschutzpraktiken oder der relevanten Gesetze widerzuspiegeln. Die Legende „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Richtlinie zeigt an, wann diese Richtlinie zuletzt überarbeitet wurde. Alle Änderungen treten in Kraft, sobald wir die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu den Diensten veröffentlicht oder auf andere Weise über die Aktualisierung informiert haben, wie dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, je nachdem, welcher der Zeitpunkt später ist.
Wir können Ihnen Offenlegungen und Warnungen bezüglich der Richtlinie oder erhobener personenbezogener Daten durch Veröffentlichung auf unserer Website und, wenn Sie ein Endnutzer oder Vertreter sind, durch Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Ihr Stripe Dashboard, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder die in Ihrem Stripe-Konto angegebene physische Adresse zukommen lassen.
8. Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Australien.
Sollten Sie in Australien ansässig sein und mit unserer Bearbeitung von Beschwerden, die Sie im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorbringen, unzufrieden sein, können Sie sich an das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner wenden.
Brasilien.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. In Brasilien ansässige Personen, für die das Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais („LGPD“) gilt, haben die in Artikel 18 des LGPD festgelegten Rechte.
Kanada.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), den Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 in British Columbia, den Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5 in Alberta und den Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Data in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (Quebec Private Sector Act) in Quebec. „Personenbezogene Daten“ umfasst „persönliche Informationen“ gemäß der Definition in diesen Gesetzen.
Quebec.
Der Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe ist für personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des Quebec Private Sector Act verantwortlich. Sie können per E-Mail unter privacy@stripe.com mit ihm Kontakt aufnehmen. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von in Quebec ansässigen Personen erheben, können wir diese Daten an Datenzentren in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen. Dienstleister, die wir zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einsetzen, können auch außerhalb von Quebec ansässig sein.
Sie haben das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie speichern, sowie ihre Berichtigung zu verlangen oder Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Sie können diese Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich unter privacy@stripe.com an den Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe wenden. Wenn Sie ein Endkunde sind, sollten Sie sich zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte an den Geschäftskunden wenden, mit dem Sie Geschäfte getätigt haben.
EWR und Vereinigtes Königreich.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Wenn Sie im EWR ansässig sind oder wenn Stripe Payments Europe Limited als Ihr Datenverantwortlicher identifiziert wird und Sie glauben, dass unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) widerspricht, können Sie Ihre Fragen oder Beschwerden an die irische Datenschutzkommission richten. Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, richten Sie Ihre Fragen oder Bedenken an das UK Information Commissioner's Office. Wenn personenbezogene Daten für regulierte Finanzaktivitäten in Europa verwendet werden, gelten Stripe Payments Europe Limited und die lokalen regulierten Unternehmen von Stripe als gemeinsam Verantwortliche.
Mehr erfahren
. Außerdem haben Sie zusätzliche Rechte gemäß EU-U.S. DPF und UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Mehr erfahren
.
Indien.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), sobald dieser in Kraft getreten ist. Darüber hinaus schließt der Begriff „Datenverantwortlicher“ auch „Datentreuhänder“ und der Begriff „betroffene Person“ auch „Auftraggeber“ ein, jeweils gemäß der Definition im DPDPA.
In einigen Fällen können wir uns auf die „berechtigte Verwendung“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, sofern dies nach DPDPA zulässig ist. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. „Consent Manager“ im Sinne des DPDPA können einen Antrag auf Widerruf oder Erteilung der Einwilligung stellen, indem sie die im folgenden Abschnitt „Kontakt“ beschriebenen Methoden verwenden, oder wie im folgenden Absatz beschrieben, oder über andere Mittel, die Stripe in Zukunft zur Verfügung stellt. Bevor wir eine solche Anfrage bearbeiten, können wir einen Autorisierungs- und Identitätsnachweis verlangen.
In bestimmten Fällen können Sie aufgefordert werden, der Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Aadhaar-Nummer durch Stripe India Private Limited und/oder seine(n) Verifizierungspartner zuzustimmen. Der Zweck dieser Erhebung besteht darin, das nach geltendem Recht vorgeschriebene Identifikationsverifizierungsverfahren zu erleichtern. Die Angabe Ihrer Aadhaar-Daten ist freiwillig. Sie können auch andere Identifikationsdokumente bereitstellen, sofern diese von uns akzeptiert werden. Ihnen wird kein Dienst verweigert werden, wenn Sie keine Aadhaar-Angaben machen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Indien haben oder wenn Sie diese Erklärung erhalten oder mit uns über den Datenschutz in einer der indischen Amtssprachen kommunizieren möchten,
wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Mehr erfahren
. Alternativ können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Falls wir nicht in der Lage sind, auf Ihre Beschwerde oder Ihr Anliegen einzugehen, haben Sie das Recht, die Angelegenheit zum Data Protection Board of India weiterzuleiten.
Indonesien.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Gesetz Nr. 11 aus dem Jahr 2008, geändert durch das Gesetz Nr. 19 aus dem Jahr 2016 über elektronische Informationen und Transaktionen, die Regierungsverordnung Nr. 71 aus dem Jahr 2019 über die Einführung elektronischer Systeme und Transaktionen sowie die Verordnung des Ministers für Kommunikation und Informatik Nr. 20 aus dem Jahr 2016 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten in elektronischen Systemen und ab September 2024 das Gesetz Nr. 27 aus dem Jahr 2022 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten (PDP-Gesetz). Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Japan.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten betroffener Personen in Japan in Länder übermitteln, die von der Kommission für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten nicht als „angemessen“ anerkannt sind, schließen wir schriftliche Verträge mit Drittparteien ab, die sich außerhalb Japans befinden. Diese schriftlichen Verträge sehen Rechte und Pflichten vor, die denen des japanischen Act on the Protection of Personal Information entsprechen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir sicherstellen, dass Drittparteien Ihre Daten schützen und wo sich Ihre Daten befinden, erhalten Sie oben oder von uns wie unten beschrieben. Eine Beschreibung ausländischer Systeme und Rahmenwerke, welche die Implementierung gleichwertiger Maßnahmen durch die Drittpartei beeinflussen können, finden Sie
hier
.
In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem APPI zulässig, können wir uns auf das „öffentliche Interesse“ als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, wie beispielsweise bei der Aufdeckung von Betrug und der Verhinderung von Verlusten.
Malaysia.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Singapur.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) (Nr. 26 von 2012) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem PDPA zulässig, können wir uns auf eine „mutmaßliche Einwilligung“ als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Schweiz.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „geltendes Recht“ das Bundesgesetz über den Datenschutz (DSG) in seiner revidierten Fassung. Zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem DSG wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten. Möglicherweise haben Sie auch zusätzliche Rechte im Rahmen des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, sobald dieses in Kraft tritt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Thailand.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff „anwendbares Recht“ den Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA). Sind wir auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen angewiesen (beispielsweise „gesetzliche Verpflichtung“ oder „vertragliche Notwendigkeit“) und stellen Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, können wir Ihnen möglicherweise unsere Dienste nicht rechtmäßig anbieten. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Vereinigte Staaten.
Wenn Sie ein/e in den Vereinigten Staaten („USA“) ansässige/r Verbraucher/in sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den US-amerikanischen Datenschutzgesetzen, einschließlich des California Consumer Privacy Act („CCPA“), Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, Florida Digital Bill of Rights, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act sowie des Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie
hier
. Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Stripe, einschließlich Werbe-Cookies, ist in unserer
Cookie Policy
beschrieben.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Als Verbraucher in den Vereinigten Staaten haben Sie – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Einschränkungen durch die Datenschutzgesetze der Vereinigten Staaten – gegebenenfalls Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns (
Weitere Informationen
über die Metriken für die Rechte betroffener Personen). Zusätzlich zu den
oben genannten Rechten
:
Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts: Sie haben das Recht, zusätzliche Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten anzufordern, die erhoben, verkauft, offengelegt oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Zwecke, für die diese personenbezogenen Daten erhoben, verkauft oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Kategorien der Quellen personenbezogener Daten; und über die Kategorien von Drittparteien, denen gegenüber wir diese personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt oder an sie weitergegeben haben.
Ausübung des Rechts, den Verkauf oder die Weitergabe abzulehnen: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten, wie oben angemerkt, an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. Da diese Drittparteien die von Stripe gelieferten Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden können, könnte die Lieferung von Daten durch Stripe an diese Parteien als „Verkauf“ oder „Weitergabe“ von Daten im Sinne des CCPA und anderer geltender US-Datenschutzgesetze betrachtet werden. Sie können sich
hier
gegen gezielte Werbung und den damit verbundenen „Verkauf“ bzw. die „Weitergabe“ von Daten entscheiden.
Ausübung des Rechts, die Nutzung oder Weitergabe sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken: Wir verkaufen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne der US-Datenschutzgesetze und haben dies auch in den letzten 12 Monaten nicht getan. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Erhebung und Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten in den letzten 12 Monaten finden Sie
hier
.
Um einen Antrag zur Ausübung eines der oben beschriebenen Rechte zu stellen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte anhand der im Abschnitt „Kontakt“ unten beschriebenen Methoden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Rechte nach einigen Gesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten nicht für personenbezogene Daten gelten, die wir erheben, verarbeiten und weitergeben, wenn Sie als Verbraucher/in handeln, um Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen von Stripe für private Zwecke zu beziehen. Der bundesweite Gramm-Leach Bliley Act kann regeln, wie Stripe diese Daten stattdessen weitergibt und schützt. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung für US-Verbraucher/innen
.
Wir werden Ihre Anfrage verifizieren, indem wir Sie bitten, sie von der in Ihrem Konto hinterlegten E-Mail-Adresse aus zu senden, oder indem wir Informationen von Ihnen verlangen, die zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität erforderlich sind, einschließlich Name, Adresse, Transaktionshistorie, Lichtbildausweis und sonstige mit Ihrem Konto verbundene Informationen.
Sie können schriftlich oder durch eine Vollmacht eine bevollmächtigte Vertreterin/einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, die/der in Ihrem Namen Anfragen einreicht, um Ihre Rechte gemäß dem CCPA auszuüben. Ihre Vertreterin/Ihr Vertreter kann eine Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einreichen, indem er/sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschriebenen Wege in Verbindung setzt. Wir können Sie trotzdem auffordern, Ihre Identität direkt zu verifizieren und zu bestätigen, dass Sie der bevollmächtigten Vertreterin/dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Berechtigung erteilt haben, Ihre Anfrage zu übermitteln.
Global-Privacy-Control-Signale.
Stripe beachtet die Signale der Global Privacy Control (GPC) zur Opt-out-Einstellung.
Mehr erfahren
9. Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben,
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte. Wenn Sie eine Endkundin oder ein Endkunde sind (d. h. eine Einzelperson, die mit einem Geschäftskunden geschäftlich zu tun hat oder Transaktionen tätigt), lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärungen oder -hinweise des Geschäftskunden, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren, oder wenden Sie sich direkt an den Geschäftskunden.
10. Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise für Verbraucher/innen gelten für Sie, wenn Sie eine natürliche Person mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten sind und Finanzdienstleistungen von Stripe in erster Linie für Ihre eigenen privaten Zwecke in Familie und Haushalt nutzen.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 16. Januar 2024
FAKTEN
WAS MACHT STRIPE MIT IHREN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Warum?
Finanzunternehmen entscheiden, wie sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben.  Bundesgesetze berechtigen Verbraucher/innen, einige, aber nicht alle Formen der Weitergabe einzuschränken.  Darüber hinaus sind wir durch Bundesgesetze dazu verpflichtet, Sie darüber zu informieren, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, weitergeben und schützen.  Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweise sorgfältig durch, um sich über unsere Tätigkeit zu informieren.
Was?
Die Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben und weitergeben, hängen vom Produkt oder Dienst ab, den Sie bei uns in Anspruch nehmen. Diese Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Sozialversicherungsnummer
Kontaktangaben
Kontostand und Transaktionsverlauf
Details und Verlauf von Zahlungen, Transaktionen und Käufen
Wenn Sie
nicht länger
unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, geben wir Ihre Daten weiterhin wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben weiter.
Wie?
Alle Finanzunternehmen müssen zur Abwicklung ihrer Geschäfte personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben. Im folgenden Abschnitt führen wir die Gründe auf, aus denen Finanzunternehmen personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben können, die Gründe, aus denen Stripe sich für eine Weitergabe entscheidet, und ob Sie diese Weitergabe einschränken können.
Gründe, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben können
Weitergabe durch Stripe?
Können Sie die Weitergabe einschränken?
Für unsere laufenden Geschäftszwecke, z. B. um Ihre Transaktionen zu bearbeiten, Ihre Konten zu führen, auf gerichtliche Anordnungen und Ermittlungen zu reagieren oder um an Kreditauskunfteien zu berichten
Ja
Nein
Für unsere Marketingzwecke: um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten
Ja
Nein
Für die gemeinsame Vermarktung mit weiteren Unternehmen der Finanzbranche
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen und Erfahrungen
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Bonität
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für unsere verbundenen Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Link-Nutzer/in sind
Ja
Ja
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Nutzer/in von Financial Connections sind
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Zur Einschränkung unserer Weitergabe
Besuchen Sie uns online unter
https://support.link.com
Bitte beachten Sie:
Wenn Sie eine Neukundin/ein Neukunde sind, dürfen wir mit der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten 30 Tage nach dem Versand dieser Hinweise beginnen. Wenn Sie nicht länger unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, setzen wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben fort.
Sie können sich jedoch jederzeit an uns wenden, um unsere Weitergabe einzuschränken.
Fragen?
Sie können uns jederzeit unter
privacy@stripe.com
kontaktieren oder auf
https://support.link.com
besuchen
Wer wir sind
Wer gibt diese Hinweise?
Stripe, Inc. und Stripe Payments Company sowie deren verbundene Unternehmen, die in den USA Zahlungen für Verbraucher/innen anbieten.
Was wir tun
Wie schützt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen, setzen wir im Einklang mit dem US-Bundesrecht entsprechende Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein.  Zu diesen Maßnahmen zählen Computerschutzmaßnahmen sowie gesicherte Unterlagen und Gebäude.  Wir kontrollieren den Zugang und führen eine ständige Überwachung durch, um Datenmissbrauch zu verhindern. Von unseren Dienstleistern verlangen wir, dass sie vergleichbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten ergreifen.
Wie erhebt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zum Beispiel, wenn Sie
ein Link-Konto eröffnen;
Stripe mit der Abwicklung einer Zahlung für Waren oder Dienstleistungen beauftragen;
Stripe über Financial Connections Bankkontodaten zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch von anderen, beispielsweise von verbundenen oder anderen Unternehmen.
Warum kann ich nicht die gesamte Weitergabe einschränken?
Das Bundesrecht erlaubt Ihnen nur,
die Weitergabe von Bonitätsangaben für die laufenden Geschäfte der verbundenen Unternehmen zu beschränken,
die Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch verbundene Unternehmen zu beschränken, die an Sie vermarkten,
die Weitergabe an nicht verbundene Unternehmen einzuschränken, die an Sie vermarkten.
Bundesstaatliche Gesetze und einzelne Unternehmen können Ihnen zusätzliche Rechte zur Einschränkung der Weitergabe einräumen. Im nachfolgenden Abschnitt „Weitere wichtige Informationen“ finden Sie weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten nach bundesstaatlichem Recht.
Was geschieht, wenn ich die Weitergabe für ein Konto einschränke, das ich gemeinsam mit einer anderen Person unterhalte?
Die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten für alle Kontoinhaber/innen.
Definitionen
Verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind. Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zählen solche, die unter dem Namen Stripe agieren, wie Stripe Payments Europe, Limited und Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Nicht verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die nicht durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Beherrschung verbunden sind.  Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu den nicht verbundenen Unternehmen, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, gehören Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste oder Funktionen erbringen, Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie Transaktionen durchführen, Partner, mit denen wir Daten austauschen, um Ihnen Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Gemeinsames Marketing
Eine förmliche Vereinbarung zwischen nicht verbundenen Finanzunternehmen, die gemeinsam Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen an Sie vermarkten.
Zu unseren Partnern für gemeinsames Marketing gehören Unternehmen aus der Finanzbranche, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen anzubieten.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Vermont: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Vermont verknüpft ist, werden wir keine Informationen über Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihre Kreditauskunft oder Ihre Gesundheitsinformationen nicht an nicht verbundene Dritte weitergeben, um an Sie zu vermarkten – es sei denn, dies ist nach dem Gesetz von Vermont zulässig, oder Sie ermächtigen uns, diese Offenlegungen vorzunehmen.  Für gemeinsames Marketing geben wir nur Ihren Namen, Ihre Kontaktinformationen und Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen weiter.  Weitere Informationen zu unseren Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung
und
Datenschutzcenter
.
Kalifornien: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Kalifornien verknüpft ist, geben wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, nur in dem Umfang weiter, der nach kalifornischem Recht zulässig ist.  Beispielsweise können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenlegen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder von Ihnen angeforderte Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Ihre Anfrage hin bereitzustellen, wenn dies zur Risikokontrolle des Finanzinstituts erforderlich ist, und um uns gegen Betrug, Identitätsdiebstahl und nicht autorisierte Transaktionen zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken finden Sie im
Stripe-Datenschutzcenter
.
Sub-policy 3
https://commercetools.com/privacy#website:
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
I. Name and contact details of the Controller
II. Contact details of the Data Protection Officer
III. Privacy policy for visitors to our website
IV. Privacy policy for our customers, prospective customers and partners
V. Privacy policy for our suppliers and business partners
VI. Privacy policy for applicants
VII. Information on your data subject rights
Protecting your privacy is crucial for our business and we at commercetools are committed being a responsible, trustworthy custodian of our personal information. With this Privacy Policy we want you to better understand how we collect, use, protect, and share your personal data.  It describes the manner in which we collect, use, maintain, and may disclose personal data, within the contexts of visiting our websites, using our offerings through our website, and managing our relationships with prospects, customers, partners, suppliers, and other business partners.
As used in this Privacy policy, "personal data" or "personal information" means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This includes, for example, name, address, email address, business contact information or information collected through interactions with us via our websites or through other channels. Personal information is also referred to as "information about you."
In the following, the terms "user," "customer," "you" and "your" refer to the individuals whose personal data we may process or use and may occasionally be used interchangeably.
I. Name and contact details of the Controller
commercetools GmbH
Adams-Lehmann-Str. 44
80797 Munich
Email: info@commercetools.com
Phone: +49 (89) 99 82 996-0
(hereinafter "commercetools", "we", "us").
However, the data controller may vary depending on the offer or the purpose of the processing and another of our commercetools Group companies may accordingly be the controller. You can find a list of our commercetools Group companies
here
.
We have concluded a joint controllership between commercetools GmbH and commercetools Inc. Concerning our marketing operations. Please find the privacy notice regarding the joint controllership
here
.
Furthermore we have concluded a joint controllership between commercetools GmbH, commercetools B.V., commercetools France SAS, commercetools Spain S.L. and commercetools Ltd. regarding our business intelligence operations. Please find the privacy notice regarding the joint controllership
here
. In addition we have concluded a joint controllership between commercetools GmbH, commercetools Inc., commercetools Ltd. and commercetools Spain S.L. with regard to the usage of the tool "HiPeople". Please find the privacy notice regarding the joint controllership
here
.
II. Contact details of the Data Protection Officer
If you have general questions about data protection, please contact us:
privacy@commercetools.com
If you have any inquiries concerning the processing of personal data of individuals within Europe, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer directly:
Holzhofer Consulting GmbH
Martin Holzhofer
Lochhamer Str. 31
82152 Planegg
Email: info@commercetools.com
Phone: +49 (89) 99 82 996-0
III. Privacy policy for visitors to our website
The following information on data protection is to be provided pursuant to Art 13 et seq. GDPR where personal data are collected from the data subject on our website.
commercetools generally operates several websites, including but not limited to commercetools.com, modern-commerce-day.com and elevate.commercetools.com (hereinafter "the websites") and would like to inform you in the following sections of this Privacy Notice, among other things, about the extent to which information about you is processed through the websites and the purposes for which such information is used.
The websites also include various subdomains (e.g.
docs
.commercetools.com) or other domains, many of which are covered by this Privacy Notice. Websites not covered by this Privacy Notice are governed by their own privacy policies.
1. Purposes for which the personal data are processed as well as the legal basis for the processing
1.1 Processing of access and analytics data
For technical reasons, we process a limited amount of data (so-called connection data) each time you access our website. This data is technically necessary to establish and execute a connection between your terminal device and our servers. This data is processed in the main memory of the web server for the duration of the connection:
The following data or data categories are collected:
IP address
Source port of the calling device or a gateway (e.g. firewall or proxy).
Timestamp (date and time) of the retrieval
Amount of data transferred
Message whether the retrieval was successful (using HTTP error code)
Message why a retrieval failed, if applicable (using HTTP error code).
Referer (web page from which calls were made to our main page or sub-pages)
User agent (type of browser you use to access our website and its version)
Display screen width and height
Language settings of your browser
Operating System used
Geographical point of view (only the country)
User UUID
Cloud vendor and region
Job title and company name
Usage patterns (e.g., clicks, scrolling, mouve movement)
The IP address, timestamp, HTTP error code, referer and user agent are automatically logged when our websites are accessed in order to ensure the functionality and protection of our websites. Furthermore, the logs serve to optimize the website. Your IP address is only processed in the logs in abbreviated form and is thus anonymized. A creation of user profiles with personal reference is not possible for us with this data.
The processing is based on our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.  A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the processings are necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests and that these outweigh your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data.
1.2 Cookies and related technologies
1.2.1 General
This website partly uses so-called cookies and related technologies (e.g. scripts). Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your terminal device and saved by your browser, for example to "remember" information about you, such as your language settings or login information. These cookies are sometimes set by us and are referred to as first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies, which come from a different domain than the one of the website you are visiting.
Basically, we distinguish between the following cookie categories:
Technically necessary cookies
Functional cookies
Performance cookies
Cookies for marketing purposes
Social media cookies
You can also find more information on the individual categories as well as the option to reject each cookie category (with the exception of the technically necessary cookies) and in addition a list of all cookies used in the "Cookie Settings" under the following link:
Cookie Settings
1.2.2 Technically necessary cookies
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after the end of your visit. Such cookies are mandatory and technically necessary for the operation of the website and to provide the service requested by the user and can therefore not be disabled.
The processing is based on the legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.  A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the processings are necessary to protect our legitimate interests and that these outweigh your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data.
1.2.3 Cookies requiring consent such as analysis and tracking cookies and related technologies (e.g. tracking scripts)
Additional advertising, marketing and analysis tools from third-party providers are integrated on our website. These are not technically necessary for the operation of the website, but serve, for example, to record the behavior of the user, to provide him advertising tailored to this or to enable an analysis of the use of our website (e.g. Google Analytics, Hubspot Analytics, Google Dynamic Remarketing, LinkedIn Analytics).
These services become active only after you have explicitly given your consent using the Consent Banner.
An overview of all third-party services integrated on the Website, as well as detailed information on each of these services, can be found under section 6.
1.2.4 Data processing in connection with our contact form
When contacting commercetools via the contact form on the website, the information you provide will only be stored for the purpose of processing and answering the inquiry as well as for possible follow-up inquiries and, if necessary, for further support (unless you would like to subscribe to the newsletter at the same time by ticking the corresponding checkbox).
The following data or data categories are collected and processed in this process:
Name, first name
E-mail address
Name of your company
Position/Job Title
Phone number
Individual message
The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the interests of the data subject do not outweigh our interests in processing. We have a legitimate interest in answering your inquiry, for which the processing of the data and data categories mentioned here is necessary.
1.2.5 Newsletter registration
If you would like to be informed regularly about new products or other interesting topics, commercetools offers to receive a newsletter.
To subscribe to the newsletter, you can register by ticking the appropriate checkbox under the various forms (e.g. contact form, demo registration, whitepaper download). Subsequently, you will receive an activation link to the specified e-mail address, which you must activate to complete the registration (so-called double opt-in procedure).
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR, i.e. your explicit and voluntary consent in combination with the double opt-in procedure.
You can withdraw your consent at any time and without giving reasons. You have two options to choose from:
You can unsubscribe from future receipt of the newsletter by clicking on the "unsubscribe" button, which can be found in every newsletter.
You can also send an informal email with your unsubscribe request to
privacy@commercetools.com
.
1.2.6 Download of white papers and other publications
Our websites offer you the opportunity to learn more about our company and download content. In doing so, we ask you to provide us with your contact information and other demographic information about you.
In order to provide you with the download, the following data or categories of data must be provided:
First and last name
Business email address
Name of your company
If you do not wish to subscribe to the newsletter at the same time by ticking the corresponding checkbox, the information you give will only be used to provide the requested whitepaper. The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the interests of the data subjects do not outweigh our interests in processing. We have a legitimate interest in providing users with special content by means of whitepapers, for which the processing of the data and data categories mentioned here is necessary.
1.2.7 Registering for a trial version
You can register for a free 60-day trial on our website.
In order to complete the registration, the following data or categories of data must be provided:
Name, first name
E-mail address
Name of your company
Position/Job Title
Demand (planned project)
Region
The data collected during registration will be processed exclusively for the purpose of providing the offer, i.e. for the implementation of pre-contractual measures with interested parties, unless you wish to subscribe to the newsletter at the same time by ticking the corresponding checkbox. The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the interests of the data subjects do not outweigh our interests in processing. We have a legitimate interest in carrying out pre-contractual measures with interested parties by providing a test access to demonstrate the functionality of our products, for which the processing of the data and data categories mentioned here is necessary.
1.2.8 Event registration and online events
On our websites,
modern-commerce-day.com
and
elevate.commercetools.com
, we use the third-party service of Bizzabo Inc. located at 31 W 27th St 10th Floor, New York, NY 10001.
In regard to the event registration, we may process the following personal data of you:
Name, first name
E-mail address
Name of your company
Position/Job Title
Demand (planned project)
Region
Descriptions / text messages
IP address
Source port of the calling device or a gateway (e.g. firewall or proxy).
Timestamp (date and time) of the retrieval
Amount of data transferred
Message whether the retrieval was successful (using HTTP error code)
Message why a retrieval failed, if applicable (using HTTP error code).
Referer (web page from which calls were made to our main page or sub-pages)
User agent (type of browser you use to access our website and its version)
Display screen width and height
Language settings of your browser
payment details
Our legitimate interest in using this online platform for online events and event registrations is to improve the quality and availability of our service and event experience.  Bizzabo only processes personal data on our behalf to the extent necessary for the provision of the service. The platform may use cookies. For more information about Bizzabo's privacy policy, please visit
https://www.bizzabo.com/privacy
and
https://www.bizzabo.com/legal/cookie-preferences
.
1.2.9 Usage and registration for the Training Center
On our website we offer you the opportunity to be provided with training regarding our products and services that we provide you with. This training is available under
https://learn.commercetools.com
. In regard to the training, we may process the following personal data of you:
Name, first name
E-mail address
Name of your company
Position/Job Title
Demand (planned project)
Region
Descriptions / text messages
IP address
Source port of the calling device or a gateway (e.g. firewall or proxy).
Timestamp (date and time) of the retrieval
Amount of data transferred
Message whether the retrieval was successful (using HTTP error code)
Message why a retrieval failed, if applicable (using HTTP error code).
Referer (web page from which calls were made to our main page or sub-pages)
User agent (type of browser you use to access our website and its version)
Display screen width and height
Language settings of your browser
If you are not registered for the training services yet you need to register for this training and to create a new account accordingly. In this context the following personal data may be processed:
Name, first name
E-mail address
Name of your company
Position/Job Title
Demand (planned project)
Region
Descriptions / text messages
IP address
Source port of the calling device or a gateway (e.g. firewall or proxy).
Timestamp (date and time) of the retrieval
Amount of data transferred
Message whether the retrieval was successful (using HTTP error code)
Message why a retrieval failed, if applicable (using HTTP error code).
Referer (web page from which calls were made to our main page or sub-pages)
User agent (type of browser you use to access our website and its version)
Display screen width and height
Language settings of your browser
The data collected during the usage and registration will be processed exclusively for the purpose of providing the training services. The legal basis for processing your data is our contractual relationship pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
Your account, user profile and credentials that are being created will be transferred to and processed for the log-in process by our service provider Okta, Inc., 100 First Street, San Francisco, California 94105, USA, which also provides the service of a so-called "Single Sign On", which means that, in case you have registered several accounts with us, you can log-in with one account that is also valid for the other registered accounts of commercetools. Consequently, there is no need to log-in for each covered account separately when using Okta. In case you have already registered more than one covered account with us, these covered accounts will be merged by Okta. The following, but may be not limited to, personal data will be transferred to and processed by Okta:
User profile information
Contact information
Authentication information
2. Automated decision making including profiling
Automated individual decision-making including profiling according to Art. 22 (1) and (4) GDPR do take place on the part of commercetools GmbH.
3. Data transfer to a third country
Data transfers to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") arise, for example, in the context of the administration, development and operation of IT systems. The transfer takes place only on the basis:
of an adequacy decision of the European Commission according to Art. 45 GDPR. (in case of the USA based on the Data Privacy Framework, if applicable).
of an approved certification mechanism pursuant to Art. 42 GDPR together with legally binding and enforceable obligations of the controller or processor in the third country.
of standard data protection clauses adopted by the Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Article 93 (2) GDPR.
Currently, when using our website, a transfer of personal data to third countries (in particular to the USA) takes place through the use of third-party services in the following cases:
Transfer of personal data to Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Transfer of personal data to LinkedIn Corp., 1000 W. Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA.
Transfer of personal data to Hootsuite, 111 East 5th Avenue, Vancouver, BC, Canada, V5 t 4LI.
Transfer of personal data to Hubspot Inc., 25 First Street, 2nd Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.
Transfer of personal data to Qualified.com, Inc, 140 New Montgomery, 2100A, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA.
Transfer of personal data YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
Transfer of personal data to Fullstory, Inc., 1745 Peachtree St NW, Suite G, Atlanta, Georgia 30309, USA.
Transfer of personal data to Bizzabo Inc., 31 W 27th Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10001, USA.
Transfer of personal data to Okta, Inc., 100 First Street, San Francisco, California 94105
Transfer of personal data to Salesforce Inc., The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (CRM system)
Transfer of personal data to 6Sense Insights, Inc, 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA 94105 (ABM Software)
4. Categories of recipients of the personal data
For the processing of personal data for the purposes mentioned here, we use the following categories of recipients as processors pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR:
Provider of servers for the purpose of hosting our websites
IT service provider to maintain our IT infrastructure
External service providers for additional services
Marketing and analytics service providers
Further processors within the meaning of Art. 28 GDPR in the course of the order processing
These service providers process information about you on our behalf and based on our instructions and are contractually bound to comply with applicable data protection laws.
Other recipients are affiliated companies of the commercetools Group. As a global company, we also share your information with affiliates within the Group. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
Your data will also be passed on if we are legally obliged to do so.
5. Period for which the personal data will be stored or criteria used to determine that period
Personal data will only be stored for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes stated here or as required by the retention periods specified by law. After the respective purpose ceases to apply or after the retention periods have expired, the data will be deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.
We store your data for advertising purposes until you object to its use, withdraw your consent, or until it is no longer legally permissible to use it.  We store your other data for as long as we need it to fulfill the specific purpose (e.g. to fulfill or process a contract) and delete it when the purpose no longer applies.
All connection data (access logs) are automatically deleted from the web server's memory shortly after the end of the connection. The anonymized access logs are stored for 31 days. In the event that parts of the access logs are required for the purpose of preserving evidence, these are excluded from deletion until the respective incident has been finally clarified.
6. Privacy notices for all third-party services implemented on our websites
6.1 Privacy notice on the use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, such as
Browser type/version,
Operating system used,
Referrer URL (the previously visited page),
Host name of the accessing computer (IP address),
Time of the server request,
are usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google. We have also extended Google Analytics on this website with the code "anonymizeIP".
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information on how Google Analytics handles user data, please see Google's privacy policy:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
.
If you want to learn more about how Google processes personal data, please check the
Google’s Privacy & Terms site
.
6.2 Privacy notice on the use of Google Tag Manager
This website uses the Google Tag Manager of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Through this service, website tags can be managed via an interface. JavaScript tags and HTML tags are managed with this application, which are used to implement tracking and analysis tools in particular. The data processing serves the purpose of demand-oriented design and optimization of our website. The Google Tag Manager only implements tags. This means that no cookies are used and no personal data is collected. The Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at domain or cookie level, it remains in place for all tracking tags, insofar as these are implemented with the Google Tag Manager.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information about Google Tag Manager, please visit:
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/tag-manager/use-policy/
.
6.3 Privacy notice on the use of Doubleclick.net by Google
This website uses the online marketing tool DoubleClick by Google. DoubleClick uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads more than once. Via a cookie ID, Google records which ads are displayed in which browser and can thus prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, DoubleClick can use cookie IDs to record so-called conversions that are related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a DoubleClick ad and later views the advertiser's website with the same browser and buys something there. According to Google, DoubleClick cookies do not contain any personal information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with the Google server. We have no influence on the scope and further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool and therefore inform you according to our state of knowledge: Through the integration of DoubleClick, Google receives the information that you have viewed up the corresponding part of our website or clicked on an ad from us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is the possibility that the provider learns your IP address and stores it.
In addition, the DoubleClick Floodlight cookies used allow us to understand whether you take certain actions on our website after you have accessed or clicked on one of our display/video ads on Google or on another platform via DoubleClick (conversion tracking). DoubleClick uses this cookie to understand the content you have interacted with on our websites in order to later send you targeted advertising.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information about DoubleClick by Google, please visit
www.google.de/doubleclick
.
6.4 Privacy notice on the use of Google Audiences
We also use Google Audiences ("GA Audiences") of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"), another web analytics service of Google. Through this service, data is collected and stored, from which pseudonymized usage profiles are created. Through this technology, users who have visited our website can be shown targeted advertising from us on other external pages of the Google Partner Network.
GA Audiences uses, among other things, cookies that are stored on your computer and other mobile devices (e.g. smartphones, tablets, etc.) and that enable an analysis of the use of the respective devices. In some cases, the data is analyzed across devices. GA Audiences receives access to the cookies created in the context of the use of Google Analytics. In the course of use, data, such as the IP address and activities of the users, may be transmitted to a server of the company Google LLC and stored there. Google LLC may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such data is processed by third parties.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information on the privacy of your use of GA Audiences, please visit:
http://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?hl=en&ref_topic=2611283/
.
6.5 Privacy notice on the use of Google Dynamic Remarketing
We use the remarketing or "similar audiences" function of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google") on our website. The application serves the purpose of analyzing visitor behavior and visitor interests. Google uses cookies to perform the analysis of website usage, which forms the basis for the creation of interest-based advertisements. The cookies are used to record visits to the website and anonymized data on website usage. No personal data of the website visitors is stored. If you subsequently visit another website in the Google Display Network, you will be shown advertisements that are highly likely to take into account previously accessed product and information areas.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
You can find more information about Google Remarketing and the associated privacy policy at:
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
.
6.6 Privacy notice on the use of LinkedIn Analytics and LinkedIn Ads
We use on this website "LinkedIn Analytics" as well as "LinkedIn Ads", services of LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA. ("LinkedIn"). Both services store and process information about your user behavior on our website. Among other things, cookies are used for this purpose, which are stored locally in the cache of your web browser on your end device and which enable an analysis of your use of our website.
We use LinkedIn Analytics for marketing and optimization purposes, in particular to analyze the use of our website and to continuously improve individual functions and offers as well as the user experience. Through the statistical evaluation of user behavior, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user.
We use LinkedIn Ads to serve personalized ads on LinkedIn to visitors of this website. Furthermore, the possibility arises to create anonymous reports on the performance of the ads as well as information on website interaction. For this purpose, the LinkedIn Insight tag is embedded on this website, which establishes a connection to the LinkedIn server if you visit this website and are logged into your LinkedIn account at the same time.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions on our website to their full extent. LinkedIn members can control the use of their personal data for advertising purposes in their account settings. To deactivate the Insight tag on our website ("opt-out") click
here
.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
6.7 Privacy notice on the use of Youtube
We have integrated YouTube videos into our online offer, which are stored on
http://www.YouTube.com
and can be played directly from our website. The operator of the pages is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
With this integration, content from the YouTube website is displayed in parts of a browser window. However, the YouTube videos are only called up by clicking on them separately. This technique is also called "framing". When you view a (sub-) page of our website on which YouTube videos are embedded in this form, a connection is established to the YouTube servers and the content is displayed on the website by informing your browser.
YouTube content is only integrated in "expanded data protection mode". YouTube itself provides this mode and thus ensures that YouTube does not initially save any cookies on your device. However, when the relevant pages are viewed up, the IP address and other data (e.g. browser used, operating system and its interface, language and version of the browser software, date and time of the query) are transmitted and thus in particular communicated which of our Internet pages you have visited. However, this information cannot be assigned to you unless you have logged in to YouTube or another Google service (e.g. Google+) before accessing the page or are permanently logged in.
As soon as you start the playback of an embedded video by clicking on it, YouTube only stores cookies on your device through the expanded data protection mode, which do not contain any personally identifiable data, unless you are currently logged in to a Google service. These cookies can be prevented by appropriate browser settings and extensions.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information on the handling of user data, please see YouTube's privacy policy at:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
6.8 Privacy notice on the use of Hotjar
Our website uses Hotjar, an analytics software provided by Hotjar Ltd. ("Hotjar"), 3 Lyons Range, 20 Bisazza Street, Sliema SLM 1640, Malta, Europe. Hotjar makes it possible to measure and analyze usage behavior on our website in the form of clicks, mouse movements, scroll heights, etc. The information generated by the tracking code and the cookie is transmitted to the Hotjar servers in Ireland and stored there.
The following information is collected:
The IP address of your device (collected and stored in an anonymized format)
Screen size of your device
Device type and browser information
Geographical point of view (only the country)
The preferred language to display our website
In addition, the following data is logged on our server when Hotjar is used:
Referring domain
Visited pages
Geographical point of view (only the country)
The preferred language to display our website
Date and time of access to the website
Hotjar will use this information to evaluate your use of our website, generate reports, and provide other services related to website usage and internet evaluation of the website. Hotjar also uses third-party services, such as Google Analytics, to provide services. This third-party company may store information that your browser sends as part of your website visit, such as cookies or IP requests. For more information about how Google Analytics stores and uses data, please see its privacy policy.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
You can find more information about privacy when using Hotjar at:
http://www.hotjar.com/privacy/
and at
http://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
.
6.9 Privacy notice on the use of the live chat "Qualified”
We use for live chat and as a chatbot the service of Qualified.com, Inc, 140 New Montgomery, 2100A, San Francisco, CA 94105 USA ("Qualified") in order to process user requests faster and more efficiently.
Qualified enables us and our visitors to conduct a live chat via a chat widget. Qualified uses, among other things, cookies and IP address to provide the service and to collect information about our users' behavior on the website and about their end devices. Your data transmitted in the live chat is stored on servers of Qualified.com, Inc in the USA.
We store and process your personal data, such as contact information, so that we can respond to inquiries and answer aborted chats by e-mail.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner and by sending us messages through the chatbot.
The privacy policy of Qualified can be found
here
.
6.10 Privacy notice for the use of HubSpot
Our websites use various services of the company HubSpot for different purposes of our online marketing activities, for example for analysis and communication purposes. HubSpot Inc. is a software company located at 25 First Street, 2nd Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA. Hubspot is an integrated software solution that we use to cover various aspects of our online marketing. These include in particular:
Email marketing (newsletters and automated mailings, e.g. for providing event notices), social media publishing & reporting (e.g. traffic sources, hits, etc. ), reporting, contact management (e.g. user segmentation & CRM), landing pages, website analytics, web hosting and contact forms.
Hubspot uses web beacons and cookies to help us analyze your use of this website. Specifically, when you contact us, download a whitepaper, register for a trial, register for an event, or submit another form integrated from Hubspot, your activities on this website are associated with your cookie, allowing us to analyze your website usage in more detail (e.g. pages visited, date and time of views, forms completed, documents downloaded). In addition, for some forms, we deliver requested digital resources (e.g. eBooks/whitepapers) to you by e-mail. In this way, we can tailor the user experience on the website as well as external communication even better to the needs of visitors.
An overview of all cookies that are set by HubSpot can be found at:
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/privacy-and-consent/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser
.
As part of the optimization of our marketing measures, the following data may be collected and processed via Hubspot:
Geographic location, browser type, navigation information, referral URL, performance data, information about how often the application is used, mobile apps data, HubSpot subscription service credentials, files viewed on site, domain names pages viewed, aggregated usage, operating system version, internet service provider, IP address, device identifier, duration of visit, where the application was downloaded from, operating system, events that occur within the application, access times, clickstream data, device model and version.
This information as well as the content of our website is stored on servers of our software partner HubSpot in the USA.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to i) Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR, where you give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner or ii) Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR, if applicable. Our legitimate interest in using this online platform is to improve the quality and availability of our marketing campaigns, service and events experience. Hubspot only processes personal data on our behalf to the extent necessary for the provision of the service. For this purpose, we have entered into a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with HubSpot. Therefore, the information about you will be processed according to our instructions. We have also entered into the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses with HubSpot in connection with this. For more information about HubSpot's data security and privacy policies, click
here
.
6.11 Privacy notice on the use of Hootsuite
Hootsuite collects information for us about whether any of our posts have been shared, liked, commented on or mentioned on social media and whether you are a user who has interacted with our posts on social media. Hootsuite will analyze this data for us to create anonymous reports about the reach and usage of our posts. The data is stored pseudonymously and later anonymized. You can object to the collection of your data by Hootsuite by configuring your browser to block the storage of cookies.
The information generated by cookies and Goal Tracking technologies is transferred to and stored on an Hootsuite server in Canada and it may be transferred to the USA.
The storage of and access to information in the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information on data processing by Hootsuite, please visit Hootsuite 's website
(
/legal/privacy
)
.
6.12 Privacy notice on the use of Fullstory
This website uses Fullstory, a SaaS analytics software provided by Fullstory, Inc., (1745 Peachtree St NW, Suite G, Atlanta, Georgia 30309, USA; “Fullstory”). FullStory’s session replay and analytics help us understanding the usability of our websites and build better experiences. The information generated by your use of the website, such as
Usage patterns (e.g., clicks, scrolling, mouse movement, IP address),
Tech specifications (e.g., Browser, device type, operating system),
Navigation (e.g., referrers, URL parameters, pages visited, session duration),
Personal Information (e.g., user UUID, preferred language, Cloud vendor and region, job title and company name),
may be transferred to, and stored at, a location outside of your outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom. We have entered into a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with Fullstory and, therefore, information about you will be processed in accordance with our instructions. In addition, we have also agreed to the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses with Fullstory in connection with this.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Fullstory will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. You can deactivate the use of Fullstory analytics by opting out
here
. You can also prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions on our website to their full extent.
The storage of and access to Information In the end user's terminal equipment is carried out in accordance with Section 25 (1) TTDPA. The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner.
For more information on how Fullstory handles user data, please see Fullstory’s privacy policy
here
.
6.13 Privacy notice on the use of Salesforce
We use the CRM system of salesforce.com Germany GmbH, Erika-Mann-Str. 31, 80636 Munich, Germany, a subsidiary of salesforce.com, Inc., the Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA ("Salesforce"), in connection to the use of Hubspot, to process personal data related to website visitors, prospects, customers and partners (name, contact information, company, job title, and other information) to collect information for sales and marketing purposes, to make communications with website visitors, prospects, customers and partners relevant and to understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.The legal basis for the further processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.Our legitimate interest in using this online platform is to improve the quality and availability of our marketing campaigns, service and events experience. For this purpose, we have concluded a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with Salesforce. Therefore, the information about you will be processed according to our instructions. We have agreed the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses with Salesforce in connection with this.
6.14 Privacy notice on the use of 6Sense
We use 6Sense Insights, a ABM Software provided by 6Sense Insights, Inc, 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA to optimize our relationship with potential customers by assessing customer and prospect landscape. 6sense collects personal data from different sources.
The personal data collected by 6Sense using the commercetools website as a source will be processed based on your voluntary and informed consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You give your corresponding consent via the Consent Banner as informed in Section “
1.2.3 Cookies requiring consent such as analysis and tracking cookies and related technologies
”
of this privacy policy.
The personal data collected from other internal or external sources, such as your contact information (e.g. name, email, job title), can be processed based on our concluded legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. If you wish to exercise your right to object (Art. 21 GDPR), please send an email with your request to
privacy@commercetools.com
or contact us otherwise as informed in this
privacy policy
.
Your contact Information will be deleted and not further used by commercetools for the stated purposes after receipt of your objection. We have entered into a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with 6Sense Insights. Therefore, information about you will be processed in accordance with our instructions. In addition, we have also agreed to the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses with 6Sense in connection with this as your personal data may be transferred to a location outside the EU/EEA, which is in this case the US.
More information about 6Sense Insights’ data security and privacy policies can be found
here
.
IV. Privacy policy for our customers, prospective customers and partners
The following information is to be provided pursuant to Art. 13 et seq. GDPR where personal data are collected from our customers and prospective customers.
Our offer is addressed exclusively to entrepreneurs, tradesmen, freelancers and public institutions. Contracts with consumers according to Sec. 13 of the German Civil Code are not concluded.
1. Purposes for which the personal data are processed as well as the legal basis for the processing
1.1 Handling of inquiries and preparation of offers (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR)
If you are interested in our offered goods and services (e.g. our cloud-based e-commerce platform and related training, consulting, technical support, licenses, maintenance contracts, etc.), we process and store the following data for the purpose of processing your inquiry and preparing an offer when you contact us (e.g. by e-mail, telephone or contact form on our website):
Title
Name, first name
Company/organization and possibly department within the company
Position in the company
Business address
Business phone numbers
Business fax number
Business email address
Individual message
Product interest
Conversation notes from sales and customer support calls and live chat sessions, if applicable.
We reserve the right to inquire about your decision by telephone or e-mail within 3 months after you have submitted our offer, provided you have not objected to our inquiry.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the processing of your data is necessary to answer your inquiry and if necessary, for further pre-contractual measures and that our interest outweighs your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms to protect your data.
1.2 Implementation and execution of contracts (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR)
In order to implement and fulfill an existing contractual relationship, in particular to provide services owed (e.g. provision of our cloud-based e-commerce platform and associated execution of services such as maintenance and support, consulting and training) and to send you contractual documents, we and any third parties or processors commissioned by us process the following data from you, insofar as you have provided us with this when concluding the contract or in the course of the contractual relationship:
Contact details of contact persons and, if applicable, other employees in the company of the business customer
Title
Name, first name
Company/organization and possibly department within the company
Position in the company
Business address
Business phone numbers
Business fax number
Business email address
Signature of the person(s) signing contractual documents, if applicable
Further information that is required to process in the context of a project or the handling of a contractual relationship with commercetools or which is provided voluntarily by our contact persons
Orders placed (especially products and services ordered)
Transacted inquiries
Project details
Conversation notes from sales and customer support calls and live chat sessions, if applicable.
Information collected from publicly available sources, information databases, or credit reporting agencies
For invoicing, monitoring and collection of trade receivables, we process contact details of accounting contacts and other persons entrusted with these processing operations.
If you make use of the offer of our trainings and courses and register for them (e.g. online via our website or by e-mail), we process the following data for the planning and execution of the trainings and, if applicable, for the creation and sending of personalized certificates of participation:
Personal data of the training participants
Name, first name
Company/organization and possibly department within the company
Email address
Address
Personal details of the payer
Name, first name
Company/organization and possibly department within the company
Field of activity
Company address
Phone number
Other information such as: Course date, duration, location, price, date of registration/time stamp.
The training participants are usually employees of our customers and prospective customers.
We also use online video conferencing systems of the respective customer or alternatively our own system for various services, e.g. for technical support or for conducting training/education for customers. The activation of video transmission is the responsibility of the respective participant and is not linked to any advantages or disadvantages in the provision of the service. A recording of the video conferences by us shall only be made upon request and in consultation with all participants. If, in exceptional cases, recording by us is necessary, consent will be obtained from the participants in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. a in conjunction with Art. 7 GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the interests of the data subjects do not outweigh our interests in the implementation and fulfillment of contracts with our customers. We have a legitimate interest in the implementation and performance of contractual obligations with our customers, for which the processing of the data and data categories mentioned here is necessary.
1.3 Implementation of marketing activities
In the case of an advertising approach, we will only contact you via the communication channels to which you have consented, subject to mailing. For this purpose, we use your data for the following purposes:
Quality assurance: In order to continuously improve our performance, our products and our services for you, we conduct surveys on your satisfaction, as well as your experiences from your contractual relationship.
E-mail advertising using newsletter
Invitations to specific events
Communication regarding downloaded whitepapers
We receive your personal data for contacting you either directly from you and/or from third-party providers. In this context, third-party providers are social networks and/or other contact data generating networks that provide us with your personal data collected from public sources or directly from you.
The legal basis for the processing is generally Article 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. Pursuant to Article 7 (3) GDPR, you can always withdraw your consent with effect for the future by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address specified in Section VII Section 1.
Without separate consent, the legal basis may also be our legitimate interest for the purpose of direct advertising (in accordance with Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR in conjunction with Article 95 GDPR, Section 7 (3) German Act against Unfair Competition) provided that your fundamental rights and freedoms do not conflict. In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you can always object to data processing on the basis of our legitimate interests with effect for the future by contacting the e-mail address stated in Chapter VII, Section 1.
1.4 Recording and corresponding analysis of video calls
For the proper analysis of video calls we may process your personal data to enhance and to improve our, inter alia, sales processes and to get more insights for improving our overall approach to sales but also feedback dialogues. In this context, the analysis will be done with the help of artificial intelligence. Regarding this process the following categories of personal data of customers, prospective customers and partners may be processed:
See 1.1 and 1.2 including video/audio recording.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR or, as applicable, other corresponding consent regulations depending on the applicable law. You can revoke your consent at any time to privacy@commercetools.com.
1.5 Creation and administration of accounts
Depending of the services/products used we may process your personal data for the creation and administration of certain accounts that will be used for the usage of our services/products. In this context, we may process the following personal data of customers and partners:
Title
Name, first name
Company/organization and possibly department within the company
Position in the company
Business address
Business phone numbers
Business fax number
Business email address
IP-address
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the processing of your data is necessary to answer your inquiry and if necessary, for further pre-contractual measures and that our interest outweighs your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms to protect your data.
2. Obligation to provide the data
The provision of the data specified in section 1.2 is mandatory. If you do not provide us with this information, a contract will not be concluded with us. All other data is provided voluntarily.
3. Automated decision making including profiling
commercetools processes personal data of prospects and customers, including contact details, opportunity data, and browsing information, to facilitate lead generation and customer acquisition. As part of this process, the company uses tools and performs profiling and scoring activities in line with Art. 4 No. 4 of the GDPR. The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest under Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data based on our legitimate interests, effective for the future, by contacting the email address provided in Chapter VII, Section 1.Automated individual decision making including profiling according to Art. 22 (1) and (4) GDPR do take place on the part of commercetools GmbH.
4. Data transfer to a third country
Data transfers to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") arise, for example, in the context of the administration, development and operation of IT systems. The transfer takes place only on the basis:
of an adequacy decision of the European Commission according to Art. 45 GDPR. (in case of the USA based on the Data Privacy Framework, if applicable).
of an approved certification mechanism pursuant to Art. 42 GDPR together with legally binding and enforceable obligations of the controller or processor in the third country.
of standard data protection clauses adopted by the Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Article 93 (2) GDPR.
Currently, in the context of pre-contractual measures and in connection with the conclusion and performance of a contract, data transfers to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") take place in the following cases:
In the course of our global sales, marketing and support services, our customer relationship management or in the course of using our central IT services, we transfer data to affiliated companies within the commercetools Group located outside the EU/EEA. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
By using third-party providers, personal data is transmitted to service providers in the USA and Australia in the context of:
Service provider of CRM Software services
Service provider of Marketing activities, such as sales engagement, leads generation, and customer review applications,
Service provider to optimize our relationship with potential customers, such as ABM software, communication platforms,
Service provider to manage our relationship with customers and partners relationship and communication,
Service provider of contract management.
Service provider for the recording and analysis of video calls.
5. Recipients of data and data sources
5.1 Categories of recipients of the personal data
In order to process personal data for the purposes mentioned here, we use the following categories of recipients as processors pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR:
Service provider for hosting and operation of the online video conferencing system and the software for remote maintenance for technical customer support
Service provider for hosting servers for the provision of web-based services
Service provider for operation of e-mail servers
Service provider for the e-mail correspondence regarding account creation and administration
Software service provider, e.g. for CRM systems, ABM software, lead generation and communication platforms, video recording and corresponding analysis etc
Other recipients who are not processors:
Financial institutions and providers of payment services for settlements as well as processing of payments
Lawyers for the defense and enforcement of claims
Tax consultant for financial accounting and preparation of balance sheets
Debt collection service providers and competent courts in order to collect receivables and enforce claims in court. If personal data (customer and contact data, payment data and data on the claim) is transferred to a debt collection service provider in the event of collection, we will inform you in advance of the intended transfer.
Affiliated commercetools Group companies: As a global company, we also share your information with affiliated companies within the commercetools Group. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
In addition, we will only disclose your personal data to third parties if you have given your express prior consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
Your data will also be passed on if we are legally obliged to do so.
5.2 Data sources
We process personal data that we have received from prospective customers and customers in the course of our business relationships.
Insofar as it is necessary for the provision of our service, we process personal data that we permissibly obtain from publicly accessible sources (debtor directories, land registers, commercial and association registers, press, Internet) or that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties (a credit agency or an address service provider).
In addition, we may receive your personal data for contacting you either directly from you and/or from third-party providers. In this context, third-party providers are social networks and/or other contact data generating networks that provide us with your personal data collected from public sources or directly from you.
6. Period for which the personal data will be stored or criteria used to determine that period
Personal data will only be stored as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes mentioned here or as required by the retention periods specified by law.
We delete data from inquiries about our products and services in accordance with the statutory retention obligations, which arise primarily from commercial and tax law (in particular §§ 147 AO and 257 HGB).
We store your data for the period of the existing contract and after termination of the contract with you for a period until receipt of the tax assessment notice for the year in which the contract was terminated. In the event that the notice is not final, the data will be stored until the completion of the complete company audit. In addition, we store your data for the duration of the settlement of legal disputes and the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. If there are statutory retention periods, we are obliged to store the data until these periods expire. After expiry of the statutory retention periods, which result primarily from commercial and tax law (in particular §§ 147 AO and 257 HGB), we delete this data again.
We store your data for advertising purposes until you object to its use, you withdraw your consent or the use is no longer permitted by law. We store your other data for as long as we need it to fulfill the specific purpose (e.g. to fulfill or process a contract) and delete it after the purpose no longer exists.
7. Security
commercetools takes appropriate technical and organizational measures (TOM) to protect personal data from loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorized access.
Information about our security measures can be found
here
.
V. Privacy policy for our suppliers and business partners
The following information is to be provided pursuant to Art. 13 et seq. GDPR where personal data are collected from our suppliers and service providers commissioned by us.
1. Purposes for which the personal data are processed as well as the legal basis for the processing
Implementation and execution of our business relationship with suppliers and business partners (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR)
In order to be able to carry out and maintain the business relationship with suppliers or business partners, in particular to carry out contract preparation and fulfillment, provide communication channels, deliver goods and carry out pre-contractual measures, we and any third parties or processors, process the following data from the supplier or business partner:
Contact information of the contact person and, if applicable, other employees at the supplier or business partner's company
First name and surname
Business address
Business phone number
Business mobile phone number
Business fax number
Business email address
Signature of the person(s) signing contractual documents, if applicable
Payment data, such as information required to process payment transactions or prevent fraud
Further information whose processing is required in the context of a project or the handling of a contractual relationship with commercetools, or which is provided voluntarily by our contacts
Orders placed
Transacted inquiries
Project details
Information collected from publicly available sources, information databases, or credit reporting agencies
The legal basis for the processing of your data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the interests of the data subjects do not outweigh our interests in the implementation of pre-contractual measures and the implementation and fulfillment of supplier and business partner contracts. We have a legitimate interest in the initiation, implementation and settlement of the business relationship with our suppliers and business partners, for which the processing of the above mentioned data is necessary.
2. Obligation to provide the data
The provision of the data specified in section 1 is mandatory. If you do not provide us with this information a business relationship or a contract with us would not be possible.
3. Automated decision making including profiling
Automated individual decision making including profiling according to Art. 22 (1) and (4) GDPR do not take place on the part of commercetools GmbH.
4. Data transfer to a third country
Data transfers to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") arise, for example, in the context of the administration, development and operation of IT systems. The transfer takes place only on the basis:
of an adequacy decision of the European Commission according to Art. 45 GDPR. (in case of the USA based on the Data Privacy Framework, if applicable).
of an approved certification mechanism pursuant to Art. 42 GDPR together with legally binding and enforceable obligations of the controller or processor in the third country.
of standard data protection clauses adopted by the Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Article 93 (2) GDPR.
Currently, in the context of pre-contractual measures and in connection with the conclusion and performance of a contract with suppliers and business partners, data transfer to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") takes place in the following cases:
In the course of our global sales, marketing and support services, our customer relationship management or in the course of using our central IT services, we transfer data to affiliated companies within the commercetools Group located outside the EU/EEA. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
By using third-party providers, personal data is transmitted to  service providers in the USA in the context of contract management.
5. Recipients of data and data sources
5.1 Categories of recipients of the personal data
In order to process personal data for the purposes mentioned here, we use the following categories of recipients as processors pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR:
Service provider for hosting servers for the provision of web-based services
Service provider for operation of e-mail servers
Software service provider e.g. for sales, marketing, contract management and support services
Other recipients who are not processors:
Financial institutions and providers of payment services for billings as well as processing of payments
Lawyers for the defense and enforcement of claims
Tax consultants for financial accounting and preparation of balance sheets
Credit bureaus and scoring providers for credit reports, for assessing the risk of default
Affiliated commercetools Group companies: As a global company, we also share your information with affiliated companies within the commercetools Group. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
In addition, we will only disclose your personal data to third parties if you have given your express prior consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
Your data will also be passed on if we are legally obliged to do so.
5.2 Data sources
We process personal data that we have received from suppliers and business partners in the course of our business relationships. Insofar as it is necessary for the provision of our service, we process personal data that we permissibly obtain from publicly accessible sources (debtor directories, land registers, commercial and association registers, press, Internet) or that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties (a credit agency or an address service provider).
6. Period for which the personal data will be stored or criteria used to determine that period
Personal data will only be stored as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes mentioned here or as required by the retention periods specified by law.
We store your data for the period of the existing contract and after termination of the contract with you, for a period until the completion of the tax audit of the last calendar year in which you were our supplier or business partner. In addition, we store your data for the duration of the settlement of legal disputes and the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. If there are statutory retention periods, we are obliged to store the data until the expiry of these periods. After expiry of the statutory retention periods, which result primarily from commercial and tax law (in particular §§ 147 AO and 257 HGB), we delete this data again.
VI. Privacy policy for applicants
1. Privacy notice for processing in connection with an access of our career portal at
https://boards.greenhouse.io/commercetools
and in the context of processing personal data for the purpose of recruiting
The following information is to be provided pursuant to Art. 13 et seq. GDPR when collecting personal data on
https://boards.greenhouse.io/commercetools
(hereinafter "career portal").
Note:
If you are interested in one of the job offers on our career site (
https://commercetools.com/careers/jobs
) and therefore click on it, you will automatically be redirected to a (sub-) domain of our service provider Greenhouse. Greenhouse provides our career portal, which you can use to apply for a job with us (for more information on the service provider Greenhouse, see section 1.3.).
1.1 Processing of access data
For technical reasons, a limited amount of data (so-called connection data) is processed each time you access the Greenhouse career portal. These data (so-called log files) are technically necessary to establish and execute a connection between your terminal device and the servers of our career portal. The data is processed in the main memory of the web server for the duration of the connection:
The following data or data categories are collected:
IP address
Source port of the calling device or a gateway (e.g. firewall or proxy).
Timestamp (date and time) of the retrieval
Amount of data transferred
Message whether the retrieval was successful (by means of HTTP error code)
Message why a retrieval failed, if applicable (using HTTP error code).
Referer (web page from which calls were made to our main page or sub-pages)
User agent (type of browser you use to access our website and its version)
Display screen width and height
Language settings of your browser
The IP address, timestamp, HTTP error code, referer and user agent are automatically logged when the career portal is called up in order to ensure the functionality and protection of the website. Furthermore, the logs serve to optimize the website. A creation of user profiles with personal reference is not possible with this data.
The processing is based on our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.  A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the processing operations are necessary to protect our legitimate interests in providing and optimizing the content and informational functions of the career portal accessed by you in a user-friendly manner and in ensuring the security of the IT infrastructure used to provide the career portal and that these interests outweigh your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms that require the protection of personal data.
1.2 Cookies and related technologies
Greenhouse sometimes uses so-called cookies and related technologies (e.g. scripts) on the career portal. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make the offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your terminal device and saved by your browser, for example, to "remember" information about you, such as your language settings or login information.
Since these cookies are not set by us, they are so-called third-party cookies. These originate from a domain other than that of the commercetools website you originally visited. These cookies can be set either directly by the service provider Greenhouse or by another third-party provider.
1.3 Processing of personal data for the context of background checks as well as legal basis
In case of a successful hiring process, you may be required to verify identity and eligibility to work, which may also include a criminal background check under certain circumstances (e.g. depending on department and job position), in order to be validly employed by commercetools, and will include checks in global sanctions list (such as in the US and European sanctions lists) that can impact commercetools’ business. The result of criminal background checks will be stored for no longer than 2 years. Exceptionally, the personal data and verification results
relating to US screening
is retained for a maximum of seven (7) years. The result of checks in global sanctions lists is an ongoing process that may be done regularly during your employment by commercetools, as such lists are changed on a regular basis.
The following data or data categories may be collected and processed in this process, depending on the position and the location you have applied, including but not limited to:
Personal identification data, such as name, nationality, date of birth/place, national identity card, parent’s name,
Current and previous addresses
Phone number
Criminal records
The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. A legitimate interests assessment was carried out and came to the conclusion that the interests of the data subject do not outweigh our interests in processing. We have a legitimate interest in protecting our business and that of our customers, for which the processing of the data and data categories mentioned here is necessary.
1.4 Recipients of data and data sources
1.4.1 Categories of recipients of the personal data
In order to process personal data for the purposes mentioned here, we use the following categories of recipients as processors pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR:
Service provider for hosting servers for the provision of web-based services, in this case, the recruiting tool Greenhouse
Service provider for operation of fraud detection service
Service provider for contract management
Service provider for background checks.
Other recipients who are not processors:
Affiliated commercetools Group companies: As a global company, we also share your information with affiliated companies within the commercetools Group. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
2. Privacy notice for processing in connection with the recruiting process by submitting an application
2.1 EU/EEA/German Applicants
2.1.1 Personal data we use regarding the recruiting process
Personal master data (e.g. first name, surname, title, address, birthday, phone number, e-mail, location, social security number, tax code, signature in contractual documents, if applicable)
Job / application related data (e.g. position applied to, cover letter, qualifications, certifications, former activities, certificates of employment, interview protocols)
Communications data (e.g. e-mails, IP-address, login-data)
Special categories (e.g. health data)
2.1.2 Sources from where we collect personal data
We collect personal data from you during the application process. Insofar as it is necessary for the hiring process and employment by commercetools, we process personal data that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties for the purpose of conducting background and global sanction lists checks.
2.1.3 Purpose for processing personal data
We process personal data from you for the purpose to carry out the recruiting process. In this context, if located in Germany, personal data may be processed that is necessary for the decision to enter into an employment relationship with you, pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
Moreover, we may process personal data from you in relation to the recruiting process that you are providing to us pursuant to Article 6 sec. 1 lit. a and b General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This can be in particular the case regarding the integration of your personal data in respect of our talent pool. Furthermore, we may process special categories of personal data from you in relation to the recruiting process that you are providing to us based on a voluntary explicit consent, pursuant to Article 9 sec. 2 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this declaration of consent at any time without giving reasons, with effect for the future. Please send your revocation by email to jobs@commercetools.de in order to exercise your revocation right. From the receipt of your revocation declaration, we will process your personal data no longer than required by the provisions of law on retention of records.
2.1.4 To whom personal data will be passed on
Your personal data will be processed mainly within our human resources department. However, it can be the case that your personal data will be shared with the relevant departments, depending on the position you have applied to, within our company in order to carry out the recruiting process. Furthermore, your personal data may be passed on to certain service providers for the recruiting management, hosting and maintenance services.
2.1.5 Transfer of personal data outside the European Union and European Economic Area
We transfer personal data during the recruiting process outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). In this regard we particularly transfer personal data to the United States of America (US). There is currently no adequate decision from the EU Commission applicable for the US. Personal data that is processed outside the EU and EEA may not be covered by the same level of data protection as applicable in the EU and EEA. For this reason, we have entered into data processing agreements and the standard contractual clauses provided by the EU Commission with our service providers in countries outside the EU and EEA. In this regard, these measures provide an appropriate guarantee for the processing of your personal data outside the EU and EEA.
Data transfers to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") arise, for example, in the context of the administration, development and operation of IT systems. The transfer takes place only on the basis:
of an adequacy decision of the European Commission according to Art. 45 GDPR  (in case of the USA based on the Data Privacy Framework, if applicable).
of an approved certification mechanism pursuant to Art. 42 GDPR together with legally binding and enforceable obligations of the controller or processor in the third country.
of standard data protection clauses adopted by the Commission in accordance with the examination procedure under Article 93 (2) GDPR.
Currently, in the context of recruiting and in connection with the conclusion of a contract, if applicable, data transfers to countries outside the EU and the European Economic Area ("Third Countries") take place in the following cases:
In the course of recruiting or in the course of using our central IT services, we transfer data to affiliated companies within the commercetools Group located outside the EU/EEA. You can find a list of commercetools Group companies
here
.
By using third-party providers, data is transmitted to the following service providers in the USA, as informed in Section 1.3 of this Privacy Policy for applicants.
2.1.6 Automated decision-making, profiling
In respect of our recruiting process, we do not exercise any automated decision-making nor profiling.
2.1.7 Storage of personal data
Your personal data will be stored as long as it is necessary for the completion of the recruiting process. In principle, where no employment relationship has been established, we will store your personal data for up to six months after completion of the recruiting process due to evidence purposes in order to protect us against possible legal claims.
In cases where you revoke your declaration of consent for the processing of personal data we will stop processing your personal data from the point of your revocation and we will delete your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws on retention of records.
2.2 UK Applicants
2.2.1 Personal data / information we use regarding the recruiting process
In order to carry out the recruiting process we process personal data / information that is necessary for this purpose. In this regard, the personal data / information may consist of the following:
Personal master data / information (e.g. first name, surname, title, address, birthday, phone number, e-mail, location, social security number, tax code, signature in contractual documents, if applicable)
Job / application related data / information (e.g. position applied to, cover letter, qualifications, certifications, former activities, certificates of employment, interview protocols)
Communications data / information (e.g. e-mails, IP-address, login-data)
Special categories (e.g. health data)
2.2.2 Sources from where we collect personal data / information
We collect personal data from you during the application process. Insofar as it is necessary for the hiring process and employment by commercetools, we process personal data that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties for the purpose of conducting background and global sanction lists checks.
2.2.3 Purpose and legal basis for processing personal data / information
We process personal data / information from you for the purpose to carry out the recruiting process. In this context, personal data / information may be processed that is necessary for the decision to enter into an employment relationship with you. Furthermore, we process personal data / information from you that you have provided us voluntarily including your consent for us to process it. In addition, your provided personal data / information may be of particular importance to us, and we have a specific legitimate interest under law to process it or we may have a legal obligation to process it or where necessary to protect the vital interests of you or any person.
If the collection or processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time to the extent permitted by applicable law. Please send your revocation by email to jobs@commercetools.de in order to exercise your revocation right.
2.2.4 Use of your personal data / information
We process your personal data / information in accordance with the following:
Processing your application
Assessing your qualifications and capabilities
Conducting reference checks
Communicating with you regarding your application
Complying with or monitoring compliance with any applicable law or regulation
Enforcing our terms and conditions
Cooperating with law enforcements
Conducting background checks consistent with applicable law
If we are going to enter into an employment relationship with you, personal data / information we collect linked with your application may be incorporated into our human resources and contract management system and used to manage the onboarding process, including the execution of contractual documents, if applicable.
2.2.5 To whom personal data will be passed on
We may share personal data / information of you with our affiliates that are involved in the particular recruiting process. If your personal data / information will be shared the personal data / information will be shared on a need- to-know basis. We may also share personal data / information with approved third-party service providers to facilitate the services they provide to us, including hosting and operating our careers site and recruiting management.
2.2.6 Transfer of personal data / information outside your jurisdiction
We may transfer personal data outside your jurisdiction regarding the recruiting process. In this regard we may transfer personal data to the EU as well as US.
2.2.7 Storage of personal data / information
Your personal data will be stored as long as it is necessary for the completion of the recruiting process. In principle, where no employment relationship has been established, we will store your personal data for up to six months after completion of the recruiting process due to evidence purposes in order to protect us against possible legal claims.
In cases where you revoke your declaration of consent for the processing of personal data we will stop processing your personal data from the point of your revocation and we will delete your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws on retention of records.
2.2.8 Your rights
You have the right at any time to exercise your rights, which include:
Right to information of your personal data / information
Right to rectification of your personal data / information
Right to erasure of your personal data / information
Right to restriction of processing of your personal data / information
Right to data portability of your personal data / information
Right to object the processing of your personal data / information
In order to enforce your rights please contact us.
2.2.9 Complaints
You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority. In the UK this is the Information Commissioner’s Office whose contact details are accessible here:
https://ico.org.uk/
and for complaints please see here:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
.
2.2.10 Information related to children
Our career site is not intended for minors in any jurisdiction. It is required that you prove you are over the age of majority in your jurisdiction regarding our recruiting process.
2.3 US Applicants
2.3.1 Personal data / information we use regarding the recruiting process
In order to carry out the recruiting process we process personal data / information that is necessary for this purpose. In this regard, the personal data / information may consist of the following:
Personal master data / information (e.g. first name, surname, title, address, birthday, phone number, e-mail, location, social security number, tax code, signature in contractual documents, if applicable)
Job / application related data / information (e.g. position applied to, cover letter, qualifications, certifications, former activities, certificates of employment, interview protocols)
Communications data / information (e.g. e-mails, IP-address, login-data)
Special categories (e.g. health data)
As permitted with applicable law, we may ask questions about race/ethnic origin, gender, veteran status and disability of our applicants, for the monitoring of equal employment opportunity compliance. Furthermore, we may ask about criminal records following a conditional offer of employment, where permitted by applicable law.
If you provide us with personal information of a reference or any other individual as part of your application, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that individual prior providing the information to us. By providing that personal information, you are affirming that you have obtained such consent from the individual.
2.3.2 Sources from where we collect personal data / information
We collect personal data from you during the application process. Insofar as it is necessary for the hiring process and employment by commercetools, we process personal data that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties for the purpose of conducting background and global sanction lists checks.
2.3.3 Purpose and legal basis for processing personal data / information
We process personal data / information from you for the purpose to carry out the recruiting process. In this context, personal data / information may be processed that is necessary for the decision to enter into an employment relationship with you. Furthermore, we process personal data / information from you that you have provided us voluntarily including your consent for us to process it. In addition, your provided personal data / information may be of particular importance to us, and we have a specific legitimate interest under law to process it or we may have a legal obligation to process it or where necessary to protect the vital interests of you or any person.
If the collection or processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time to the extent permitted by applicable law. Please send your revocation by email to jobs@commercetools.de in order to exercise your revocation right.
2.3.4 Use of your personal data / information
We process your personal data / information in accordance with the following:
Processing your application
Assessing your qualifications and capabilities
Conducting reference checks
Communicating with you regarding your application
Complying with or monitoring compliance with any applicable law or regulation
Enforcing our terms and conditions
Cooperating with law enforcements
Conducting background checks consistent with applicable law
If we are going to enter into an employment relationship with you, personal data / information we collect linked with your application may be incorporated into our human resources and contract management system and used to manage the onboarding process, including the execution of contractual documents, if applicable.
2.3.5 To whom personal data will be passed on
We may share personal data / information of you with our affiliates that are involved in the particular recruiting process. If your personal data / information will be shared the personal data / information will be shared on a need- to-know basis. We may also share personal data / information with approved third-party service providers to facilitate the services they provide to us, including hosting and operating our careers site and recruiting management.
2.3.6 Transfer of personal data / information outside your jurisdiction
We may transfer personal data / information outside your jurisdiction regarding the recruiting process. In this regard we may transfer personal data / information to the EU.
2.3.7 Storage of personal data / information
Your personal data will be stored as long as it is necessary for the completion of the recruiting process. In principle, where no employment relationship has been established, we will store your personal data for up to six months after completion of the recruiting process due to evidence purposes in order to protect us against possible legal claims.
In cases where you revoke your declaration of consent for the processing of personal data we will stop processing your personal data from the point of your revocation and we will delete your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws on retention of records.
2.3.8 Your rights
You have the right at any time to exercise your rights, which include:
Right to information of your personal data / informationRight to rectification of your personal data / information
Right to erasure of your personal data / information
Right to restriction of processing of your personal data / information
Right to data portability of your personal data / information
Right to object the processing of your personal data / information
In order to enforce your rights please contact us.
2.3.9 Information related to children
Our career site is not intended for minors in any jurisdiction. It is required that you prove you are over the age of majority in your jurisdiction regarding our recruiting process.
2.4 Australian Applicants
2.4.1 Personal data / information we use regarding the recruiting process
In order to carry out the recruiting process we process personal data / information that is necessary for this purpose. In this regard, the personal data / information may consist of the following:
Personal master data / information (e.g. first name, surname, title, address, birthday, phone number, e-mail, location, social security number, tax code, signature in contractual documents, if applicable)
Job / application related data / information (e.g. position applied to, cover letter, qualifications, certifications, former activities, certificates of employment, interview protocols)
Communications data / information (e.g. e-mails, IP-address, login-data)
Special categories (e.g. health data)
2.4.2 Sources from where we collect personal data / information
We collect personal data from you during the recruiting process. Insofar as it is necessary for the hiring process and employment by commercetools, we process personal data that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties for the purpose of conducting background and global sanction lists checks.
2.4.3 Purpose and legal basis for processing personal data / information
We process personal data / information from you for the purpose to carry out the recruiting process. In this context, personal data / information may be processed that is necessary for the decision to enter into an employment relationship with you. Furthermore, we process personal data / information from you that you have provided us voluntarily including your consent for us to process it. In addition, your provided personal data / information may be of particular importance to us, and we have a specific legitimate interest under law to process it or we may have a legal obligation to process it or where necessary to protect the vital interests of you or any person.
If the collection or processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time to the extent permitted by applicable law. Please send your revocation by email to jobs@commercetools.de in order to exercise your revocation right.
2.4.4 Use of your personal data / information
We process your personal data / information in accordance with the following:
Processing your application
Assessing your qualifications and capabilities
Conducting reference checks
Communicating with you regarding your application
Complying with or monitoring compliance with any applicable law or regulation
Enforcing our terms and conditions
Cooperating with law enforcements
Conducting background checks consistent with applicable law
If we are going to enter into an employment relationship with you, personal data / information we collect linked with your application may be incorporated into our human resources and contract management system and used to manage the onboarding process, including the execution of contractual documents, if applicable.
2.4.5 To whom personal data will be passed on
We may share personal data / information of you with our affiliates that are involved in the particular recruiting process. If your personal data / information will be shared the personal data / information will be shared on a need- to-know basis. We may also share personal data / information with approved third-party service providers to facilitate the services they provide to us, including hosting and operating our careers site and recruiting management.
2.4.6 Transfer of personal data / information outside your jurisdiction
We may transfer personal data / information outside your jurisdiction regarding the recruiting process. In this regard we may transfer personal data / information to the EU.
2.4.7 Storage of personal data / information
Your personal data will be stored as long as it is necessary for the completion of the recruiting process. In principle, where no employment relationship has been established, we will store your personal data for up to six months after completion of the recruiting process due to evidence purposes in order to protect us against possible legal claims.
In cases where you revoke your declaration of consent for the processing of personal data we will stop processing your personal data from the point of your revocation and we will delete your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws on retention of records.
2.4.8 Your rights
You have the right at any time to exercise your rights, which include:
Right to access your personal data / information
Right to have your personal data / information being corrected
Right to withdraw your consent for processing your personal data / information
In order to enforce your rights please contact us.
2.4.9 Complaints
If you think your personal data / information has been mishandled you can contact us at any time and we will review your complain and, if appropriate, we will act accordingly in order to stop / correct the mishandling.
2.4.10 Information related to children
Our career site is not intended for minors in any jurisdiction. It is required that you prove you are over the age of majority in your jurisdiction regarding our recruiting process.
2.5 Singapore Applicants
2.5.1 Personal data / information we use regarding the recruiting process
In order to carry out the recruiting process we process personal data / information that is necessary for this purpose. In this regard, the personal data / information may consist of the following:
Personal master data / information (e.g. first name, surname, title, address, birthday, phone number, e-mail, location, social security number, tax code, signature in contractual documents, if applicable)
Job / application related data / information (e.g. position applied to, cover letter, qualifications, certifications, former activities, certificates of employment, interview protocols)
Communications data / information (e.g. e-mails, IP-address, login-data)
Special categories (e.g. health data)
2.5.2 Sources from where we collect personal data / information
We collect personal data from you during the recruiting process. Insofar as it is necessary for the hiring process and employment by commercetools, we process personal data that we are legitimately provided with by other third parties for the purpose of conducting background and global sanction lists checks.
2.5.3 Purpose and legal basis for processing personal data / information
We process personal data / information from you for the purpose to carry out the recruiting process. In this context, personal data / information may be processed that is necessary for the decision to enter into an employment relationship with you. Furthermore, we process personal data / information from you that you have provided us voluntarily including your consent for us to process it.
If the collection or processing is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time to the extent permitted by applicable law. Please send your revocation by email to jobs@commercetools.de in order to exercise your revocation right.
2.5.4 Use of your personal data / information
We process your personal data / information in accordance with the following:
Processing your application
Assessing your qualifications and capabilitiesConducting reference checks
Communicating with you regarding your application
Complying with or monitoring compliance with any applicable law or regulation
Enforcing our terms and conditions
Cooperating with law enforcements
Conducting background checks consistent with applicable law
If we are going to enter into an employment relationship with you, personal data / information we collect linked with your application may be incorporated into our human resources and contract management system and used to manage the onboarding process, including the execution of contractual documents, if applicable.
2.5.5 To whom personal data will be passed on
We may share personal data / information of you with our affiliates that are involved in the particular recruiting process. If your personal data / information will be shared the personal data / information will be shared on a need- to-know basis. We may also share personal data / information with approved third-party service providers to facilitate the services they provide to us, including hosting and operating our careers site and recruiting management.
2.5.6 Transfer of personal data / information outside your jurisdiction
We may transfer personal data / information outside your jurisdiction regarding the recruiting process. In this regard we may transfer personal data / information to the EU.
2.5.7 Storage of personal data / information
Your personal data will be stored as long as it is necessary for the completion of the recruiting process. In principle, where no employment relationship has been established, we will store your personal data for up to six months after completion of the recruiting process due to evidence purposes in order to protect us against possible legal claims.
In cases where you revoke your declaration of consent for the processing of personal data we will stop processing your personal data from the point of your revocation and we will delete your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws on retention of records.
2.5.8 Your rights
You have the right at any time to exercise your rights, which include:
Right to access your personal data / information
Right to have your personal data / information being corrected
Right to withdraw your consent for processing your personal data / information
In order to enforce your rights please contact us.
2.5.9 Complaints
If you think your personal data / information has been mishandled you can contact us at any time and we will review your complain and, if appropriate, we will act accordingly in order to stop / correct the mishandling.
2.5.10 Information related to children
Our career site is not intended for minors in any jurisdiction. It is required that you prove you are over the age of majority in your jurisdiction regarding our recruiting process.
VII. Information on your data subject rights
1. Data subject rights according to Chapter III of the GDPR
You have the right to request from us
access to personal data (Art. 15 GDPR)
and the
rectification of inaccurate personal data
(Art. 16 GDPR)
. Furthermore, you have the right to obtain the
erasure of personal data
(Art. 17 GDPR)
concerning your person, the right to
restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
and the right to
receive (Art. 20 GDPR)
the personal data provided to us by you, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
In addition, you have the right to
object
at any time to the use of your data based on public or legitimate interests
(Art. 21 GDPR)
.
Where the processing is based on your given consent you can
withdraw the consent
(Art. 7 Sec. 3 GDPR)
at any time. Upon receipt of your withdrawal of consent, we will no longer use or process the data concerned for purposes mentioned in your consent.
If you wish to exercise your data subject rights, please send your request by e-mail to
privacy@commercetools.com
or by mail to the address mentioned in chapter I (
Name and contact details of the controller
).
2. Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA)
If you live in California and have a business, employment, independent contractor, or application for employment relationship with us, in addition to any other rights provided herein (including those in Section VI.2.3 “US Applicants”), you may request a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed information about you for their marketing purposes. You may make such a request no more than twice per year. To exercise your rights or if you have questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices, you may email us at
privacy@commercetools.com
or write to us at the address provided
here
. We will respond to you within 30 days.
You may also request that we provide you with an accounting of your personal data held by commercetools. You may also request that commercetools delete your personal data or correct any inaccurate personal data. You may also make such requests to
privacy@commercetools.com
.
Upon verification of your identity and within 45 days, we will provide you with a paper copy of your personal information via the United States Postal Service.
commercetools will not discriminate against any end user who exercises his or her rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act. commercetools does not sell or share your personal information as those terms are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act.
3. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Furthermore you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision, Promenade 18, 91522 Ansbach, P.O. Box 1349, 91504 Ansbach, e-mail: poststelle@lda.bayern.de, telephone: +49 (0) 981 180093-0, is generally responsible for us.
Alternatively, you can approach the supervisory authority that is locally responsible for you.
Effective Date: February 2025
This Privacy Policy is subject to ongoing review and commercetools reserves the right to make changes at any time. Such changes will be published accordingly on this website.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://x.com/privacy?lang=en:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://values.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Centre
Privacy Principles
Privacy by product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective 7 April 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until 7 April 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: 7 April 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it – that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalised experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalised experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms", we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control over your information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update and delete your information, decide who can contact you and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Please go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example, by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalised experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information we collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, and payment information, so we can process the payment and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels or other research questions), we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our – for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI and metadata – for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video or audio – so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognise user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers) and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video) and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email or other messaging services) and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How we use information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalised products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e. operate, deliver and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighbourhood, content others have posted to the Map or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalise Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalised Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you, or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory and inform us that you’re into dogs, so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalisation can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favourite espresso machine or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalisation also includes tailoring your experience based on who you interact with most and what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritise sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalisation with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g. the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalise your experience, make recommendations or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalise your experience, make recommendations or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalised Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalise, target and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie – we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalisation, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy – and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than is necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor and analyse trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g. new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviours and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorised or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different or otherwise specific way.
How we share information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Centre Participants.
When you have enabled Family Centre, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf.  For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimise the performance of ads or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety and security reasons:
Comply with any valid legal process, governmental request or applicable law, rule or regulation.
Investigate, remedy or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us.  We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS, we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time – we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside where you live. Whenever we share information outside where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How long we keep your information
In this section, we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
– like your name, phone number and email address – to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
. Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honour your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap – like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight – we'll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Expert tip: you can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse or protect ourselves or others.
Have a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live you may have additional rights. This section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please have a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The US State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain US states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads-up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ home pages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 7
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=e:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps