Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Our privacy policy explains what information we collect from you, what we do with it, how we keep it secure and the circumstances in which we provide it to third parties.
Use of this website by you grants us permission to use the data you provide us in the ways set out in this privacy policy. By submitting a quote request using the enquiry forms on our website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
To take advantage of some of the services and products we offer, you might be required to provide us with certain information about yourself, by completing certain forms on our website. We also collect details of your visit to our website and your use of it.
All personal data collected will be processed fairly and lawfully in accordance with the data protection principles set out in the Data Protection Act 1998. It will be:
Adequate, relevant and not excessive;
Used for the purpose(s) stated in this policy only and not used for any other purposes;
Treated confidentially;
Stored securely; and
Not kept for longer than 10 years after we have provided the requested from you products and/or services, after which the data will be securely destroyed.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site
oxygenadvantage.com
(our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial information and personal description.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and advertising networks) and may receive information about you from them.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and use it in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Our suppliers and sub-contractors have to follow our express instructions in respect of the use of your personal information and they must comply with appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. Others to whom your personal information is transferred are merely regulated by their local data protection laws.
We may transfer your personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area (the EEA, i.e. the 28 European Union Member States, as well as Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein), which do not always provide the same level of data protection as the European Union (EU), for the purposes of providing you with our products and services. If we do make such a transfer, we will put a contract in place with our service providers including security obligations on them to ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with EU standards.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
We may occasionally ask you to provide sensitive personal data as defined in section 2 of the Data Protection Act 1998. This information will be in relation to your physical health and it will help us allocate better deals for you. By proceeding with obtaining a quote, we will take that as your explicit consent to such information being processed by ourselves and the relevant third party product providers.
USE OF COOKIES
We collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type using a cookie filter. Cookies help us to improve our website and deliver a better and more personalized service to you. They enable us to personalize your experience on our website, speed up your searches and help us select services or materials for inclusion on the website which may be of interest to you. It also allows us to monitor general traffic patterns and usage of our website to help us to improve our website design and layout. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our website.
The information that is collected by us via cookies is completely anonymous.
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
We (or third parties with whom we share your information) may use your personal information in the following ways:
To provide you with the information, products or services that you request from us; and/or
To transfer your personal data to third parties (our associated companies) to entitle them to obtain a quote for you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so; and/or
To contact you by letter, telephone or e-mail to inform you about other products and services which may be of interest to you; and/or
To notify you of our news, changes to the website, special events or other services we think may interest you;
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
As required by the Data Protection Act 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of personal information which you have provided via this website, to prevent unauthorized access. We shall take all reasonable steps to ensure your personal details remain secure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
If you do not agree to the privacy policy, then you should not enter any of your personal information on our website. If at any time after you have provided personal information to us and you want to object to your personal data being used by us, you need to let us know by contacting us (see Contact details below). Please note that we are not responsible for what any third party content provider or other third party offering goods and services via websites or linked to or framed around our website may do with any personal information that you may provide them. Accordingly, please ensure that you also read their data protection and privacy terms and conditions very carefully before providing them with your personal information.
YOUR RIGHTS
The sixth principle of the Data Protection Act 1998 provides data subjects the following rights in relation to the retention or processing of personal information:
a right of access to a copy of the information comprised in their personal data;
a right to object to processing that is likely to cause or is causing damage or distress;
a right to prevent processing for direct marketing;
a right to object to decisions being taken by automated means;
a right in certain circumstances to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed; and
a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of the Act.
You also have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by un-ticking the box on the right hand side of the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us (see Contact details below).
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Data Protection Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of €10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, or for any other reason, please contact us at: Patrick McKeown, Galway, Ireland   T:
+ 353 91 756229
E:
info@oxygenadvantage.com
.