Privacy & Security
VRG GRL recognises and values the protection of your personal information. We are aware of our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 and we will ensure that we fulfil our obligations under that Act.
We recognise that you may have concerns about our collection of your personal information and how we may use that information.
We have implemented this privacy policy in order to inform you about how we will collect, store, use your personal information and under what circumstances we may disclose your personal information. By interacting with VRG GRL, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect from you
:
From time to time, we may ask you to supply personal information such as your name, address, date of birth, telephone number or e-mail address.
However, under no circumstances will we request or collect any information from you that may disclose your:
political, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations;
health and sexuality;
racial or ethnic origin;
or criminal convictions.
Personal information:
When you make a purchase, create an account, or subscribe to our newsletters, we collect personal information such as your name, email address, billing and shipping address, phone number, and payment details. This
information about your preferences allows VRG GRL to be tailored to you for any of your return visits.
If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter your security settings to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, by disabling the cookie function in your web browser you may impede your ability to use parts of our website.
How we collect and use your information:
We may collect your information in the following ways:
directly from you when making a purchase
by registering on our website or loyalty program in store
interacting with our social media or website
speaking directly to staff in store
Your option not to provide your personal information:
Providing us with your personal information is absolutely optional, and whenever it is optional for you to provide us with your personal information, we will make this clear to you. When you provide us with your personal information, you are consenting to our storage, use and disclosure of that information as outlined in this privacy policy.
We may from time to time run competitions or offer additional benefits to you and we may ask you to provide us with your personal details for these purposes. Providing us with this information is absolutely optional to you. However, if you do not provide your personal information to us we may not be able to contact you or give you access to the additional benefits.
You may opt out of these additional communications at any time and can do so by emailing us or by selecting the opt out option when in store.
Use and disclosure of your personal information:
Your personal information, including your e-mail address, will be used for the following primary purposes:
to create, process and finalise orders
to communicate with you about products and services
to assist VRG GRL with our marketing, planning, product development and research requirements
to ensure the proper functioning of our business and our website;
to communicate promotional offers and special events to you;
where the law requires us, or authorises us to do so;
or where you have given express consent to us for a prescribed purpose.
We will not use or disclose (or permit the use or disclosure of) personal information that could be used to identify an individual member in any circumstances except for:
to ensure the proper functioning of our business and our website;
to communicate promotional offers and special events to you;
where the law requires us, or authorises us to do so;
or where you have given express consent to us for a prescribed purpose.
We will not sell, distribute, rent, license, disclose, share or pass your personal information onto any third parties, other than those who are contracted to us to keep the information confidential whether subject to a statute or a scheme which imposes similar restrictions to the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 regarding the handling of personal information.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information collected from you is accurate, up to date, complete and stored in a secure environment and accessed only by our authorised personnel.
Please note that no information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will endeavor to protect your personal information as best as possible but we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk.
Unsubscribing from our database:
To unsubscribe from our e-mail database, please follow the unsubscribe link in our emails, or select the opt out of marketing option in store.
Accessing, correcting and updating your information:
You have the right to access the information that you provide to us.
If you have any complaints, questions or wish to access, modify or remove any personal information that you have provided to us, please speak to our staff instore or contact us at:
Email warrinaghmall@vrggrl.com
Store: VRG GRL, Shop 1204 Cnr Condamine St & Pittwater Rd, Brookvale NSW 2100
Customer Service:
info@vrggrl.com
We reserve our right to modify or amend this privacy policy at any time. Should any significant amendments occur, notification would be provided by publication on our website. For further information about privacy, please refer to the Australian Privacy Commissioner’s website www.privacy.gov.au.