Privacy Policy
December 2, 2024
Snap Fitness
Online Privacy Notice
Effective Date: December 2, 2024
Thank you for visiting
http://www.snapfitness.com/
(this “Site”), which is owned by Lift Brands, Inc., or one of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Snap Fitness, Inc., Health Fran, LLC, GoFit LLC, or Wholesale Fitness Supply (“Lift Brands,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).
This online privacy notice (this “Notice”) describes the information we collect from or about you through this website. It also describes how we use and share that information and some of the steps we take to protect your privacy.
Scope of This Notice
This Notice applies only to information collected through this Site. It does not apply to third-party sites or other Lift Brands’ sites. It also does not apply to information collected through other channels, such as over the phone or in person.
Some of the information we collect through this Site may be “personal information”—information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us. Other information may be non-personally identifiable, such as information collected by cookies.
Your Consent
Please take a few minutes to review this Notice before using this Site. By using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Notice. If you do not agree to be bound by this Notice, you should not access or use this Site.
This Notice is Part of our Terms of Use
This Notice is part of the
Terms of Use
that govern your use of this Site and by using the Site you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, including this Notice.
Data Transfers, Storage and Processing Globally
We are a global company and may transfer your personal information to Lift Brands subsidiaries or third parties in global locations for the purposes described in this Notice. We will take reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information whenever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us. These steps may include implementing standard contractual clauses where required by local law, obtaining your consent, or other lawful means of transferring personal information.
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). We have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
(We may collect some or all the information used as an example.)
Collected
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age, ethnicity, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, physical illness, mental illness or disabilities, gender, veteran status.
YES
Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
Geolocation data.
physical location or movements.
NO
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Applies to our current or past employees only.
YES
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to our Franchisees and affiliates within the Lift Brands family and the following categories of third parties:
·      Service providers.
·      As part of a Business Transfer, to successor organizations.
·      To law enforcement, courts or other regulatory bodies subject to a court order or a subpoena or summons.
·      Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
Sources of Information We Collect
Information You Manually Provide.
We collect the information you manually provide (including but not limited to using your keyboard, mouse, or touchpad) when you use this Site. For example, we collect the information you provide when you sign up for a trial membership, express interest in owning a franchise, register for an event, make a purchase, apply for a job, enter a competition, engage in an online chat, or otherwise interact with this Site. Some of the information you manually provide may be personal data such as your name, date of birth, contact information, bank details and other payment information, photograph, height and weight, or sensitive personal data such as basic health information relating to your fitness to undertake physical activity. In the limited cases where we do seek to collect sensitive personal data, we will do so in accordance with local data privacy law requirements. If you choose to provide us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using of such data, subject to applicable local law.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Platforms.
You may be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on this Site by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields with information you previously provided to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook or X, f/k/a Twitter). By doing this, you are asking the third-party platform to send us information, including personal information, from your profile on that platform. We treat that information as we do any other information you give to us when you register, log on, or enhance your profile.
Information from your Browser or Device.
Lift Brands collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser or mobile device. This information typically includes your IP address, the name of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. The information we receive may depend on your browser or device settings.
We use information from your web browser and device in the aggregate to help us improve this Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. We also may combine it with other information to identify you. We may also review our server logs for security purposes—for example, to detect intrusions into our network—and we might share our server logs, which contain visitors’ IP addresses, with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify you.
Cameras.
We may use cameras in or around our clubs or gyms for operational purposes, fraud detection or security. Notices of cameras will be posted where required by applicable law.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies
.
A “cookie” is a small file placed on your device when you visit a site that can be understood by the site that issued the cookie. We use cookies and other technologies to collect information and support certain features of this Site. For example, we may use these technologies to:
·      collect information about the ways visitors use this Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
·      support the features and functionality of this Site—for example, to save you the trouble of re-entering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits;
·      personalize your experience when you use this Site; and
·      improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising.
The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies may in and of itself personally identify you and we may link it to personal information that you provide. The information we collect may depend on your browser settings.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
which includes information on how to manage your settings for the major browser providers.
Information About Third-Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies our Site delivers to your computer or mobile device, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Sites. To learn more about Google Analytics, click
here
.
Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors over time and across non-affiliated websites and/or delivering targeted advertisements either on this Site or on other websites. We do not have control over the cookies used by these other third parties.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Sites. For example, if you don’t want information about your visit to this Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
. Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to us.
In addition, if you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to this Site or other websites, please click
here
. You will be directed to an industry-developed website that contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on this Site do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.
How We Use Information Collected Through This Site
Generally, we use the information we collect through this Site:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
to register you as a new member or trial member;
to process and deliver services, products, and benefits connected to your membership including managing payments, fees, and charges, collecting and recovering money owed to us, providing you with products related to your membership, and providing you with personal training services;
to manage our relationship with you, which will include contacting you as necessary to perform our obligations under the membership contract with you, notifying you about changes to our terms or Notice, responding to your inquiries, including responding to complaints and attempting to resolve them, and inviting you to provide feedback;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this Site;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this Site;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to enable you to participate in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey;
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us or to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to better understand your needs and interests;
to use data analytics to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
Please see below for information about the choices you have about the ways we use your information.
Your Choices
In General.
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose the information you provide on or through this Site. We strive to provide choices to you at a meaningful time and in a meaningful place. This Notice describes some of your other choices, such as your choice to opt out of receiving “cookies” that are not strictly necessary.
Previously Expressed Preferences.
You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use information you provide on or through this Site. For example, if you have provided your contact information and receive periodic emails from us, you may decide to stop receiving those emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in an email’s footer. You may be able to change other preferences through an account you create on this Site. Otherwise, please contact us by emailing
privacy@liftbrands.com
(Attn: Snap Fitness) or by using the postal address provided in this Notice.
Unsubscribing.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the Site and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out or unsubscribe links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time. Where you unsubscribe from marketing messages, this will not apply to any non-marketing communications, for example: registration as a member, any product purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
Do Not Track Mechanisms
. Your browser may deliver a “Do-Not-Track (‘DNT’) signal” to this Site. Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the technology and marketing industries regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
How to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information
You may have the right to request access to your Personal Information or to request to correct or delete it depending on the laws in your jurisdiction. If you have created a profile on one of the Certified Entities’ websites, you may be able to access, correct, or delete your Personal Information through your account settings. Otherwise, you may need our help.
Please contact us by emailing
privacy@liftbrands.com
(Attn: Snap Fitness) or by using the postal address provided in this Notice. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law (if any). We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access or correct any inaccurate information you discover or delete information at your request. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if it is unreasonable and/or the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identity.
Steps We Take to Safeguard your Information
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information you submit on or through this Site. For example, when collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured-service transactions that encrypt your information in transit to protect against others intercepting or misusing it. Unfortunately, no website, server or database is completely secure or “hack proof.” We therefore cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others. Further, we cannot control dissemination of personal information you post on or through this Site using any social networking tools we may provide, and you should have no expectation of privacy as to anything you post publicly.
How We Share Information with Others
With Service Providers
. We share information collected through this Site with Service Providers who act on our behalf. For example, we may use Service Providers to design and operate this Site; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These Service Providers may need information about you to perform their obligations. However, they are required by contract to keep your information confidential, and to use it only for the purposes we provided it to them.
With our Franchisees, employees, and personal trainers
. We may share information collected through this Site with the owner of any one of our locations that you have used or in which you have expressed interest. We require our franchisees and any personal trainers who serve you on our behalf to keep your information confidential and to use your information only for the purposes for which we shared it with them. in accordance with the terms of the contract.
Within the Lift Brands Family.
We may share information collected through this Site with other companies in the Lift Brands family. Where permitted by law, these companies may use your information for their own marketing purposes and in a manner otherwise consistent with this Notice.
In Aggregate or De-Identified Form.
We use information collected through this Site to create a compiled, aggregate view of usage patterns. We may share aggregate information with third parties, so we and they can better understand our user base. We may also share with third parties information about how particular individuals use this Site, but only on a de-identified basis (“Aggregated or Anonymized Data”). Aggregated or Anonymized Data is not personally identifiable, but it does reflect the usage patterns of a particular Site user, as opposed to Site users collectively. We may provide basic demographic information (gender and age) in conjunction with providing Aggregated or Anonymized Data. Our Service Providers use this information for analytical purposes and to market their own products and services.
As Part of a Business Transfer
. Your information may be transferred to successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to another organization if we merge with or are acquired by another organization, or if we liquidate our assets. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information received from us will be subject to the Notice and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us as they were in effect at the time that we received the relevant information.
To Comply with Laws and Protection of our Rights and the Rights of Others
. We may disclose your information when we, in our sole discretion, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online
Terms of Use
or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
As Described in a Privacy Notice or Agreement
. We reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any privacy notice posted on this Site, or other agreement you have made with us.
Children Under the Age of Sixteen
This Site is not intended for children or minors under the age of 16 years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted personal data on or through this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us using the information provided in this Notice so that we can take appropriate action.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may provide links to other websites operated by third parties, including in some cases our third-party vendors. Lift Brands does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Notice. We urge you to review the privacy notice posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data.
Social Media Features
our website may include ways to interact and share using social media, such as “liking” with a “thumbs up/down” button, “share this” button or interactive programs that run on our Site “widgets”. These features may collect information such as your IP address or the page you are vising on our Site and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features can be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature.
Additional Notices and Agreements
Privacy Notices.
This Notice may be supplemented or amended from time to time by “privacy notices” posted on this Site. These privacy notices provide a level of detail that we cannot provide in this more general description of our privacy practices. For example, certain pages of this Site may contain privacy notices providing details about the information we collect on those pages, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information.
Agreements.
When you sign up to use a special feature of this Site, you may be asked to agree to special terms governing your use of the special feature. In such cases, you may be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” If any of the terms of such a special terms agreement are different than the terms of this Notice, the terms of the special terms agreement will supplement or amend this Notice, but only with respect to the matters governed by the “special terms agreement.”
This Is a U.S.-Based Website
We are a U.S. company headquartered in the United States. The data protection laws of the country in which you reside may be more restrictive than the data protection laws of the United States. If you reside in a country for which we have established a country-specific website, we encourage you to visit it and read the privacy Notice posted there.
California Residents
If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Please click on this link for the
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
for more information.
Other State Privacy Rights
A number of other US States, including Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia, provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose (excluding Iowa and Utah).
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for:
targeted advertising (excluding Iowa);
sales; or
profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects (excluding Iowa and Utah).
Either limit (opt-out of) or require consent to process sensitive personal data.
Residents of the State of Washington may have additional rights with respect to collection of Consumer Health Data by us. See our Washington State Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
here
.
The exact scope of these rights may vary by state. To exercise any of these rights, or to appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request, please contact us using the contact information listed below.
Rights for UK/EU Residents
For residents of the United Kingdom or the European Union where the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK) or the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the EU (GDPR) applies, you also have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data, object to processing of your personal data, object to the portability of your personal data, and to obtain erasure of your personal data, in each case in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  Please click on this link for the
UK Privacy Notice
for more information.
Note that references in this policy to “personal information” should be read as “personal data” for the purposes of the GDPR.
Data Privacy Framework
We with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Notice or our Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to
privacy@liftbrands.com
(Attn: Snap Fitness).
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will do so in accordance with DPF principles.
If we receive personal data in the United States under the DPF and subsequently transfer to a third party, we do so in a manner consistent with the DPF Principles. We commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact us by email at
privacy@liftbrands.com
(Attn: Snap Fitness).
We are committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework Principles to a U.S.-based independent dispute resolution mechanism, BBB NATIONAL PROGRAMS. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
www.bbbprograms.org/dpf-complaints
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
for more information on this process.
Lift Brands is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Lift Brands shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the Lift Brands proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Lift Brands is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
This Notice May Change
We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this Site and the services we offer through this Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Notice. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Notice at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Notice behind the link marked “Privacy Notice” at the bottom of each page of this Site. Your continued use of this Site after we have posted the revised Notice constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Notice. However, we will honor the terms that were in effect when we gathered data from you.
For your convenience, whenever this Notice is changed, we will update the “effective date” at the top of this page. Be sure you check the effective date to see if this Notice has been revised since your last visit.
You may access the current version of this Notice at any time by clicking the link marked “Privacy Notice” at the bottom of each page of this Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@liftbrands.com
(Attn: Snap Fitness) or by mail at Snap Fitness c/o Lift Brands, Inc. 2411 Galpin Court, Suite 110, Chanhassen, MN, USA 55317.
Washington State Residents Only
Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
This notice supplements our Online Privacy Notice and applies to personal information defined as “consumer health data” subject to the Washington State My Health My Data Act (MHMDA). Because the definition of consumer health data under the MHMDA is broad, many of the categories of data we collect could be considered consumer health data.
Examples of consumer health data include information about your health-related activities, conditions, diseases, symptoms, status, diagnoses, testing, or treatments. For example, we may collect information about your level and nature of activity such as heart rate, number of steps, measurements of bodily functions, vital signs, symptoms, measurements, or characteristics, including photographs.
We collect and use consumer health data as reasonably necessary to provide you with the products and services you have requested or authorized. This may include fulfilling and delivering requested products and services and their features; personalizing certain features of the products or services; completing requested transactions; ensuring the secure and reliable operation of the services and the systems that support them; communicating with You; fulfilling product purchases and processing payments; purposes of de-identification of personal information; collecting, evaluating, and monitoring reports of undesirable events during or after use of our products and services; understanding how our products and services are used, troubleshooting, and improving the products and services, and other essential business operations that support the provision of the services (such as analyzing our performance, complying with laws and regulations and meeting our legal obligations, corporate governance (including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, and other corporate restructurings), enforcing our
Terms of Use
and other service or program-specific terms, developing our workforce, and conducting research and development).
We use consumer health data for other purposes for which we give you choices and/or obtain your consent as required by law – for example, advertising and marketing purposes.
Sources of Consumer Health Data
As described further in the ”How We Collect Personal Information”  section of the
Privacy Notice
, we collect personal information (which may include consumer health data) directly from you (i.e., information you provide when you interact with Us, such as creating an account, subscribing to our emails or other marketing subscriptions, making purchases, user generated content (e.g., leaving ratings or reviews), provide the information in connection with surveys or research, or otherwise during your  use of our websites and Services); information we observe or collect automatically from your  interactions with our products and services (e,g, such as via cookies (and other similar technologies)); and personal information from third parties, including publicly available sources.
Our Sharing of Consumer Health Data
In connection with the purposes described above, we disclose all the categories of consumer health data we collect with third parties as summarized in this section.  For more information please see “How We Share Personal Information” in our
Privacy Notice
. For example, some of the features and functionality on our site are provided by our third party service provider(s)/data processor(s).  For example, when you take a product quiz or engage with our chat tools, our service provider/data processor will have access to consumer health data. If you make a purchase, we will share information about the transaction as necessary to process the payment, including to protect against fraud, and to ship the product to the selected address. We may also disclose data when we believe that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process. In some cases, consumer health data is shared with third parties for that third parties’ own use (see Other Third Parties, such as Ad Networks and Advertising Companies, below).
We share consumer health data with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers. Vendors or agents (“processors”) working on our behalf may access consumer health data for the purposes described above. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support, to provide digital and e-commerce services, to provide marketing technologies that help Us deliver our campaigns and analyze effectiveness, and to provide other technical services such as assisting in protecting and securing our systems and services.
Business partners. We may share consumer health data with other companies, for example, where you use a service that is cobranded and jointly operated with another company, or where you use our services to interact with another company.
Financial institutions & Payment Processors. When you make a purchase or enter into a financial transaction, We will disclose payment and transactional data to banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, analytics, or other related financial services.  If you use a third-party service to checkout – such as Apple Pay or PayPal – information is shared with those third parties to complete Your requested transaction.
Parties to a Corporate Transaction. We may disclose consumer health data as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Other members of Lift Brands family may access consumer health data about you when they perform services on our behalf.
Government Agencies. We transfer and disclose information to third parties to comply with our legal and compliance obligations, when we believe that the law requires it, or at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation.
Other Third Parties. In certain circumstances, it may be necessary to provide data to other third parties, for example, to (i) comply with the law or to protect our rights or those of our customers; (ii) prevent, detect investigate, and respond to fraud, unauthorized activities and access, illegal activities, and misuse of the services; (iii) respond to situations involving potential threats to the health, safety, or legal rights of any person or third party; or (iv) enforce, and detect, investigate, and take action in response to, violations of our Terms of Use or other applicable terms.  We also disclose information related to litigation and other legal claims or proceedings in which we are involved, as well as for our internal accounting, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, and legal function.
Other Users and Individuals. If you use our services to interact with other users of the service or other recipients of communications, such as during a 1:1 consultation, we will share data, including consumer health data, as directed by you and your interactions.
Other Third Parties, such as Ad Networks and Advertising Companies.  We share or make available consumer health data (e.g., identifiers, internet and network browsing activities, commercial information, inferences) with third party marketing and advertising networks and social media platforms to service tailored and personalized advertisements on other websites and services and across other devices you may own.  When you use our sites and services, we use cookies (or other similar technologies) provided by third parties. Information collected by these third parties is used to build a profile of your interest to show you relevant advertising on other websites or to other devices connected to you (cross-device advertising) by Us or other companies.  These companies use personal information they receive to improve their own products and optimize their own ad targeting systems.
The public. You may select options available through our services to publicly display and disclose certain information, such as Your profile, ratings & reviews, demographic data, content and files, or geolocation data, which may include consumer health data.
Updates to this Notice
Please note, we may change information in this Privacy Notice at any time and any changes will be effective immediately upon the publication of revisions.
How to Exercise Rights Available to You
MHMDA provides certain rights with respect to consumer health data, including rights to: request confirmation whether we are collecting, sharing, or selling Your consumer health data; access your consumer health data; access a list of the third parties and affiliates with whom your consumer health data has been shared or sold and an email address or other online mechanism you may use to contact such third parties; request we delete your consumer health data; and withdraw consent to collection, sharing, or selling of Your consumer health data (including to withdraw an authorization for the ‘sale’ of consumer health data to third parties), subject to certain exceptions.
If your request to exercise a right under the MHMDA is denied, you may appeal that decision by contacting our privacy team at privacy@liftbrands (Attn: Snap Fitness). If Your appeal is unsuccessful, you can raise a concern or lodge a complaint with the Washington State Attorney General at
www.atg.wa.gov/file-complaint
.
You must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonable verify you are the person about whom we collected consumer health data.   We may not be able to respond to your request or provide you with consumer health data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the consumer health data relates to you or if we are unable to locate you in our system.
We will ask you for the email information that you used to interact with Us or sign up for a loyalty or email or other marketing subscription.   We will use information you submit along with other information in our systems to help verify Your entity or authority to make the request and confirm that you information is in our system.   Information provided to make a request will only be used in connection with the request.  We may ask you to provide additional information so that we can properly identify You.  If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process Your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our systems.  We will endeavor to respond to a verified request within 45 days.  If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension in writing (including by email).  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verified consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine the request warrants a fee, we will provide an explanation and a cost estimate prior to completion of the request.  You may only make a request twice within a 12-month period.
Each right may be subject to certain exceptions. You can request to exercise such rights using the various tools and mechanisms described in the  “Other State Privacy Rights” section of the
Privacy Notice
, or
contact Us
. To exercise the right to revoke consent or withdraw an authorization, you may also use one of the following:
You may email us at Privacy@liftbrands.com or by contacting us using the methods in our Contact Us page.
Click on “cookie settings” or “online preferences” on the footer of a brand Site and change the setting regarding online (browsing) personal information.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.snapfitness.com/us/california-consumer-privacy-policy:
Skip to content
California Consumer Privacy Policy
September 1, 2021
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the
Snap Fitness Privacy Policy
(
https://www.snapfitness.com/us/privacy-policy/
)  of  Lift Brands, Inc., or one of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Snap Fitness, Inc., Health Fran, LLC, GoFit LLC, or Wholesale Fitness Supply (“Lift Brands,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users and others who reside in the state of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). We have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
(we may or may not collect all the information used as an example)
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age, ethnicity, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, physical illness, mental illness or disabilities, gender, veteran status.
Yes
D. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
No
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Applies to our current or past employees only.
Yes
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our consumers or their agents. For example, information you manually provide (using your keyboard, mouse, or touchpad) when you use this Site. When you sign up for a trial membership, express interest in owning a franchise, register for an event, make a purchase, apply for a job, enter a competition, engage in an online chat, or otherwise interact with this Site.
Indirectly from our consumers or their agents. For example, through information we collect from our consumers while providing products or services to them such as purchasing a product online or at a gym.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our website (
www.snapfitness.com
). For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically in the course of your interaction with our website.
From third parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform. For example, you may be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on this Site by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields with information you previously provided to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook or Twitter).
Use of Personal Information
Generally, we use the information we collect through this Site for one or more of the following business purposes:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
to register you as a new member or trial member;
to process and deliver services, products, and benefits connected to your membership including managing payments, fees, and charges, collecting and recovering money owed to us, providing you with products related to your membership, and providing you with personal training services;
to manage our relationship with you, which will include contacting you as necessary to perform the membership contract with you, notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy, responding to your inquiries, including responding to complaints and attempting to resolve them, and inviting you to provide feedback;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this Site;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this Site;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to enable you to participate in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey;
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us or to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to better understand your needs and interests;
to use data analytics to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.  When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category
Collected
A. Identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Yes
D. Commercial information.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
No
G. Geolocation data.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Yes
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Our Franchisees.
Service providers.
As Part of a Business Transfer, to successor organizations.
To law enforcement, courts or other regulatory body subject to a court order or a subpoena or summons.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
Please note that we do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
We do not collect information on children under 13. If you believe that a child has submitted personal data on or through this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us using the information provided in this Notice so that we can take appropriate action.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us toll-free at 888-866-7627
Email:
Privacy@Liftbrands.com
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Toll-free Telephone: 888-866-7627
Email:
Privacy@Liftbrands.com
Postal Address:
Lift Brands, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
2411 Galpin Court, Ste. #110
Chanhassen, MN 55317
Sub-policy 1
https://www.snapfitness.com/uk/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
20/11/24
We are committed to protecting and respecting your personal information and privacy.
This Policy explains when and why Lift Brands collects personal information about you. We may change this Policy from time to time. It is your responsibility to check our privacy policy on a regular basis. Your continued use of this website and /or our services constitutes your acceptance of this Policy and any amendments made to it.
Any questions regarding this Policy and privacy practices should be sent by email to privacy@liftbrands.com.
COVID-19 temporary measures
During the Covid-19 crisis we may be collecting increased data at an earlier point to reduce the amount of physical viewings and/or valuations.  This data is being kept securely in line with this policy and will only be held for as long as it is required for the purpose intended.  We may temporarily be holding health details which you have informed us of and we confirm that these are held securely and only shared with those employees, contractors or connected third parties as necessary for the required purpose.  These are destroyed in line with this policy as soon as their required purpose ends.
We confirm that employees working from home during this crisis have been trained in following the procedures outlined in this policy to protect your personal data.
Who are we?
We are Lift Brands UK Limited, a company registered in England with company number 07027212. Our ultimate parent company is Lift Brands Inc.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, when you provide it to us or to our franchisees or, occasionally, from third parties.
Our Network
This privacy policy applies to information you provide to us and any group company which includes Lift Brands, Inc., Snap Fitness, Inc., GoFit LLC, HealthFran, LLC and Wholesale Fitness Supply, LLC “Group”.
What type of information do we collect?
The personal information we collect includes your name, email address, address and telephone number when you register with us or our franchisees or submit an enquiry.
We may also obtain:-
·      cookie data which relates to your use of our website as to which see our separate cookie policy;
·      data sent from your browser to our server which may include:
o   the time, date and duration of your visit to our website;
o   the site from which you have come (the referral URL);
o   the pages visited on our website.
If you make a payment to us your payment details may be collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of such transactions and with whom we have a processing agreement requiring compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also collect information from you in connection with a service or product provided to you by us, third parties with whom we have entered into agreements to provide such services or products or which we are required to collect by law, for instance for money laundering checks, including personal information such as:
our name;
your address;
your telephone number;
your date of birth;
financial or other identifiers including your bank account details and tax URN number when we take payments or make payments to you.
When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address and a telephone number, along with additional information we need to help us answer your question, resolve issues, correct inaccurate information, and respond to your comment or complaint.  You may be asked to provide this same information if you contact us through our chat bot, Snappy.  We may record or create transcripts of your chats with Snappy, or any other method by which you connect with us and may retain the information disclosed during these interactions to assist you in the future, to improve our customer service and service offerings, in connection with our legal obligations or to protect our legal interests, as well as for other business purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy. We will tell you before recording and, where required by applicable laws, obtain your consent for the collection of these recordings. We may also use vendors to provide these services which means these vendors may have to access these recordings or transcripts, including in real time. By using Snappy, you consent to Lift Brands UK Limited’s monitoring and recording of the chat and to the collection and analysis of all personal information you provide through the chat. We utilize a service provider to process, analyze, and store the contents of the chat on our behalf. By using Snappy, you direct Lift Brands UK Limited to disclose to and share with our service provider, including, any personal information you provide. If you do not consent to Lift Brands UK Limited’s collection and analysis of your data or to the processing of this data by our service provider on Lift Brands UK Limited’s behalf, then please do not use the chat feature.
How is your information used?
We, may use your information:
to carry out your, our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you, with us;
to seek your comments on the services we have provided;
to notify you of changes to our services;
to send you communications which you have requested or that may be of interest to you;
to process a job application;
for administrative and business purposes;
for advertising and analytical purposes;
in connection with our legal rights and obligations;
for certain additional purposes but only with your consent
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems only for so long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract with you.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or provide your information to third parties other than to third parties with whom we have entered into contracts or agreements which require them to comply in all respects with the requirements of this Privacy Policy and all legal requirements relating to information privacy.  We share data to the following entities for the following purposes:
Service providers acting as processors based in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia who provide IT and system administration services, door access services, payment processing, chat bot services, and website design services.
Lift Brands Franchisees, and our Franchisee’s self-employed personal trainers, who are based in the United Kingdom for purposes of responding to your enquiries, entering into a contract with you, or performance of a contract or personal training services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United States who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Governmental tax authorities, regulators and other authorities based in the countries in which we operate who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties with whom we partner for marketing purposes, for example, to sponsor contests or other promotions.
Public, legal and law enforcement authorities who require disclosure of personal data pursuant to applicable law, court order, subpoena, lawful request, including to meet national security, law enforcement and investigatory requirements.
Specific third parties such as Constellation Payment Processing USA, Inc., LT Network, AUS, Gym Sales, AUS, SendGrid USA, and MyZone UK LTD.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
The above list is subject to alteration at any time but shall be for similar purposes.
You can choose
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you want to receive communications from us, then you should tick the relevant boxes on the form on which we collect your personal information.
Your rights
You have the right to:
access your personal information and to be informed about its use by us and/or our Group;
correct your personal information;
have your personal information deleted;
restrict the use of your personal information;
object to the use of your personal information;
complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office;
withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information;
ask for the personal information to be transferred
Accessing your information
The accuracy of your information is important. If the personal information you have provided to us changes, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold, please email us at
privacy@liftbrands.com
or by mailing us at Attn: Senior Counsel, 2411 Galpin Ct., Ste 110, Chanhassen, MN 55317 USA.
Security Measures
We will ensure that your personal information is held securely.
Some of your “non-sensitive” details (such as your email address) may be transmitted over the internet and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
‘Cookies’
We and our Group’s websites use cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. Cookies collect statistical information about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. We use cookies to improve our website and provide you with a better, more personal service. You may switch off cookies. Please refer to our separate Cookies Policy.
Other websites
We and our franchisees’ websites may contain links to other websites which we do not own but this privacy policy only applies to our website. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites whether or not you access them using links from our or our franchisees’ websites.
Transferring your information outside of the UK
The information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the United Kingdom (“UK”) if any of our servers or our processors’ servers are located outside the UK. Countries outside the UK and countries within the European Free Trade Area (EFTA”) may not have equivalent information protection laws to those within the UK. By submitting your personal information, you are agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the UK or EFTA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
Data Privacy Framework
Lift Brands complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Lift Brands has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Lift Brands commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, should first contact Lift Brands, Inc. at:
Privacy@liftbrands.com
or by contacting us using the methods in our Contact Us page.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Lift Brands commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of BBB National Programs are provided at no cost to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
for more information on this process.
Lift Brands is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Lift Brands shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the Lift Brands proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Lift Brands, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Telephone and website recording
We record telephone calls. We may also use web site recording services which may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. Information collected in such a fashion is for our internal use only. The information collected is used to improve our website useability and is stored and used for aggregated and statistical reporting.
Review of this policy
We keep this policy under regular review. This policy was last updated 20 November 2024.
Our premises
We have CCTV cameras at our premises and in our car park.
UNDER 18?
We are especially concerned with protecting the privacy of children/minors. If you are under the age of 18, you must obtain your parent/guardian’s permission before providing any personal information. When providing personal information your parent/guardian should be with you to help you through this process.
Feedback
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;