We use cookies to deliver the best experience. By using our site, you agree to our cookie policy.
Find out more here →
Decline
Got it
TripShot Privacy Policy
Updated: 2022
Reviewed: 2024
TripShot, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) values the privacy of individuals who use our application, websites, and related services (collectively, our “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from users of our Services (“Users”). By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our Terms of Service (
https://www.tripshot.com/terms-of-service
).
Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
Information You Provide to Us.
Registration and Profile Information.
If you sign up for an account, register to use our Services, sign up for notifications or updates, or participate in our surveys, we ask you for your name and email address.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Support Team, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. If you choose to provide feedback on the Services, we will receive any comments you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. If you apply through LinkedIn, we will collect the information you make available to us through LinkedIn or online services like it.
Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services.
Location Information.
When you use certain Services, we receive your precise location information. We use your location information for the purpose of coordinating your use of the Services. We also receive information about when you board and offboard a trip and the location of the vehicle at those times. We may also infer your general location information, for example by using your internet protocol (IP) address.
Device Information.
When you use certain Services, we receive your precise location information. We use your location information for the purpose of coordinating your use of the Services. We also receive information about when you board and offboard a trip and the location of the vehicle at those times. We may also infer your general location information, for example by using your internet protocol (IP) address.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, purchases you make, and the dates and times of your visits.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.
Please review your web browser’s “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
Information from third-party services.
If our Services are integrated into a third-party account, such as an authentication provider used by your employer, we may receive information about you from that third party.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Support Team, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. If you choose to provide feedback on the Services, we will receive any comments you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. If you apply through LinkedIn, we will collect the information you make available to us through LinkedIn or online services like it.
Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect:
provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
personalize your experience on our Services such as by providing tailored content and recommendations;
understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications;
generate anonymized, aggregate data containing only de-identified, non-personal information;
send you text messages and push notifications;
facilitate transactions and payments;
find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
compliance purposes, including enforcing our TOS or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
How We Share the Information We Collect
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
Third-party App Integrations.
If you connect a third-party application to our Services, we may share information with that third-party for purposes of providing the Services.
Employers and Transportation Providers.
If your account is established through your employer, we may share information with your employer related to use of the Services. We may also share information we receive with third parties who provide transportation services in order to provide you the Services. If you choose to contact your third-party driver by phone using the Services, we will connect you and your phone number will be visible to the driver.
Analytics Partners.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Advertising Partners.
We may use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view and the dates and times of your visits.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
Consent.
We may also disclose your information with your permission.
Your Choices
Location Information.
You can prevent your device from sharing precise location information at any time through your device’s operating system settings. However, location may be required in some instances to effectively use our Services and without it, you may not be able to successfully use all or a portion of our Services.
Marketing Communications.
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
Third Parties
Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, as no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at
privacy@tripshot.com
.
International Visitors
Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Request Data Deletion, Update Your Information or Pose a Question
You can update your account and profile information through your profile settings. If you have questions about your privacy on Services or this privacy policy, or wish TripShot to delete your data, please contact us at
privacy@tripshot.com
. Include your username and the url used to access TripShot in your email.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through Services, we will notify you through Services, by email, or other communication.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
privacy@tripshot.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
