Updated on 2022, April, 10th
Hi! If you are here, it is because you are visiting our website (obviously) or using one of our products or applications. So thank you for this!
What is this about?
This is about your personal data
, how we collect them, store them, use them and process them. This Policy has been updated to respect the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) issued on May, 25th, 2018 in order to ensure your data are used in a seamless, confidential and secure way.
We hope you understand it is a condition of using our website and using our applications that you need to agree with this Policy and how we use your data for our legitimate business purposes as described in this Policy. If you don’t, please do not use them.
We may need to update this Policy from time to time and without notice, so be sure to check this
regularly to keep to date. We know this may not sound cool, but we simply can not make sure that all of our users are notified in real time for each update. We may live in a digital world, it is still a big world.
What data do we collect and for what?
First, we collect the information you give us
. This includes the information filled in any form on our website or on our application, and information provided when corresponding with us by email, phone, letters or other means. This information can contain (but are not limited to): your name, phone number, email, age, country or region and gender.
Keep in mind that forms are any process requiring you to interact with fields or choices and then submitting your inputs. It can covers account subscription on web or applications, profile set up or online shopping. We need this information to provide the services you are requesting us for and to comply with our services commitment to you. These are our legitimate business reasons.
Second, we collect what we can call « usage information » about you
. Don’t worry, it is less freaky than it may sound. Each time you visit on website or use one of our applications, some data are generated and collected in the background to tell us how you are using our services. For example, the Cookies are one of these background workers, managed by your web browser. We usually use third party services or platforms such as Google Analytics or Apple Analytics in order to collect this information. We need this in order to improve our website, our applications and the related services, to improve how they appear to you, to see how you used them, to administer our services and for internal operations such as troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, as part of our efforts to keep our services safe and secure.
In other words, we need to ensure we are providing you with relevant and quality stuff, and that we are communicating and marketing them to you in the best way we can. Sometimes, and only sometimes – so not always – this includes serving you with relevant ads where we include advertising on our website or in our applications. Because ads allow us to generate some revenue, which in turn allows us to continue improving our services, while allowing you to access cool features without spending your money directly in it. Isn’t that a win-win?
Third, when you use your social network accounts
such as Facebook or Google on our website or in one of our applications, remember you are linking your social information to our services, thus we may connect your profiles to our services. Please read their privacy policies (hopefully, our mind will not suffer from some reading).
Finally, remember you can set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies, tracking services and local storage devices. By doing so, you may experience quality impact when using our services.
Do we give (or even sale!) your data?
We don’t rent or sell your data to third parties for marketing purpose, never
. All data collected by us are aimed for our services only, like described above.
We may share your data with third parties or partners in the following situations
:
In order to provide services to you (e.g. through a web hosting server or a mobile applications store);
In order to carry out your instructions (e.g. to process a payment);
When your data is in an anonymous and aggregated format (i.e. you cannot be identified from it);
In order to reply legal obligations and when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to cooperate with law enforcement requests from within or outside your country of residence (The legal basis for collecting this information is under Art 6 para 1(f) GDPR);
When our business is acquired by another company.
Where do we store your data?
We keep your collected data in our server in France. For some of our applications, we may use services such as Google Cloud or Amazon Web Services to provide us with various cloud-based computing products which help us store your data and provide a content delivery network. The data centers used can be based either in European Union, either in the United States.
How long are your data stored?
We only store your data for as long we need it. In case your information has not been used for 3 years, we will delete it. We will also delete your data on your request.
Are you a minor?
If you are under 16, you need the approval of the person who has parental authority in order to use our website or one of our applications.
We do not plan to collect data from person under 13.
We recommend you to read this Policy with your parents before doing anything (do it just before going to bed, it will help you fall asleep).
What are your rights under GDPR?
Right of access
: the right to know what information we hold about you;
Right of correction
: the right to ask us to correct any information about you;
Right of deletion
: the right to ask us to delete any information about you;
Right of processing restriction
: the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data (e.g. if you believe a data of yours is not accurate);
Right of approval cancellation
: the right to cancel previous given approval regarding the use of your data (e.g. not receive marketing newsletter anymore);
Right to object
: the right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests;
Right of data portability
: the right to request that data which you have provided to us is provided to you, so you can transfer this to another party.
If you wish to exercise any of this right, please contact us and let us know that you wish to exercise your right with any necessary information. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information.
How to contact us?
For any questions, please email us at
hello@millefeuille.agency
and we will do our best to answer them!
A last word
We do our best to provide great services for you along with protecting your data and informing you how we do that. We wish you to be aware that the safety of your personal data also depends on you, so keep your private information and passwords safe.
Finally, congratulation for being there! If you just skipped to the end, you can go to the top by
clicking here
!