Start typing to see results
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated:
Sep 11, 2021
1. INTRODUCTION
Who are we?
We are Sidemen Entertainment Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with registered address at Amelia House, Crescent Road, Worthing, West Sussex, BN11 1QR, and company number 12349593 (“
we
” or “
us
”).
Where we decide the means or purpose of processing your personal data, we are the “
data controller
".
What’s this notice about?
This notice explains how we process your personal data as a data controller in relation to the Side+ website (www.sideplus.com) or any of our Side+ branded apps (“
Side+
”).  We update this notice from time to time, so please check back in on a regular basis.
Please note that other websites or services not mentioned on Side+ are not operated by us, and you should refer to the privacy policies on those websites to understand how your personal data is being used.
What are your rights?
You have the following rights, although these rights may be limited in some circumstances:
Ask us to send a copy of your personal data to you or someone else
Ask us to restrict, stop processing, or delete your personal data
Object to our processing of your personal data
Object to use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes
Ask us to correct inaccuracies in your personal data
If we rely on consent to process data, or send direct marketing, you can withdraw consent by email to the address below.
Age restrictions
We do not use Side+ to knowingly solicit personal data from, or market to, children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal data without their consent, he or she should contact us at:
support@sideplus.com
. We will delete such information within a reasonable time.
How do you contact us?
If you have any questions concerning this notice, including how you can exercise your rights, please contact us at:
support@sideplus.com
If we can’t resolve your issue, you can also get in touch with the Information Commissioner’s Office:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns
(or if you live in a European country other than the UK, you can submit a complaint to the supervisory authority in your country).
2. YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND HOW WE USE IT
General administration
We process the following information about you in order to set-up your membership account, respond to your queries, verify your membership account, collect debts, prevent fraud and protect the integrity of Side+:
Personal details such as full name, age and gender
Account details such as username, password and avatar
Contact information (such as email address)
Discord username and related confirmation questions and responses (to cross-reference Discord accounts with our list of Side+ members)
How we use it?
We rely upon the following lawful bases in order to process this information:
Our legitimate interests (being to improve the delivery of Side+, promote the success of our business and improve customer experience and quality of service).
Compliance with the law
Entering or performing contracts with you.
Sources
We collect this personal data from you
Transactions via Side+
We process the following information about you in order to process any orders made via Side+:
Full name
Order details
Delivery details (such as address)
Contact information (such as email address)
Card details
How we use it?
We rely upon the lawful basis of entering or performing contracts with you in order to process this information.
We collect this personal data from you.
Sources
We collect this personal data from you
Competitions
We process the following information about you in order to host competitions on Side+:
Full name
Contact information (such as email address)
Any information submitted as part of competition entries or submissions, or to process competition entries (such as addresses)
How we use it?
We rely upon the following lawful bases in order to process this information:
Our legitimate interests (being to improve the delivery of Side+, promote the success of our business and improve customer experience and quality of service).
Entering or performing contracts with you.
Sources
We collect this personal data from you.
Marketing
We process the following information about you in order to make suggestions and recommendations to you about: (i) news and updates relating to us, our partners, products, services and content; (ii) content, goods and services that may interest you; and (iii) other promotional activity and events we think may be of interest, including:
Full name
Contact information (such as email address)
Other information collected and clearly identifiable to you at the point of your signing up to our marketing communications
How we use it?
If required by law, we rely upon your consent in order for us to undertake this data processing activity. You can revoke your consent at any time by letting us know, including by emailing us.
In some instances (such as with some of our existing customers) the law may permit us to process your personal data in order to send marketing communications on the basis of our legitimate interests, being our legitimate business interests in marketing our activities and promoting the success of our business and our website, apps, content, products and services. If the information is not of interest for you, you can opt-out at any time by letting us know, including by emailing us.
Sources
We collect this personal data from you.
Analytics
We process the following information about you in order to analyse how Side+ is being used, for troubleshooting and to make improvements to Side+:
Viewing activity (including pages visited, videos viewed and thumbnails clicked)
IP address
Location information
Browser type
Internet service provider (ISP)
Referring/exit   pages
Operating system
Date/time stamps and related metadata
How we use it?
To the extent that our analytics involve storing or accessing information on your device other than as strictly necessary for us to provide Side+ to you, we obtain your prior consent.
Otherwise, we process this information, to the extent it is personal data, on the basis of our legitimate interests in understanding how you use Side+.
Sources
We use Google’s services to collect this personal data from you when you use Side+.
3. COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies, pixels and other technologies store and access data on your device to help websites and apps work. Below we explain their purpose, how long they last, and who else can access their data.  We get your consent to use them unless they’re essential for our sites, apps or services.
Most browsers allow control over cookies, for more information:
Google Chrome
|
Microsoft Edge
|
Mozilla Firefox
|
Microsoft Internet Explorer
|
Opera
|
Apple Safari
.
Cookie/data
: _ga, _gat, _gid
Duration
: Up to 24 months
Purpose
: To collect information about how users interact with Side+ and generate reports to identify problems, understand how visitors use Side+ and improve Side+.
Access
: We use Google Analytics to set these cookies. You can find out more about how Google uses data by
clicking here
. You can find information about opting-out
here
.
4. STORAGE, TRANSFERS AND DISCLOSURE
Data retention
We hold personal data for as long as necessary bearing in mind the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of the retention period, we assess whether it is necessary to continue to retain information to achieve the purposes for which it was collected. To determine appropriate retention periods, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of unauthorised access, and legal requirements.
Storage & Transfers
Where we use data processors outside the UK and European Economic Area, and transfer personal data to a country which does not provide an adequate level of protection, we use contracts or other safeguards which give personal data the same or equivalent protection it has in Europe or the UK.  For more information drop us a line using the contact details at the start of this notice.
Disclosure
Other than as set out above, we may disclose your personal data:
Where required by law, government, competent authorities or the courts or to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, and for the purposes of preventing crime and fraud (for example, we may share personal data with our professional advisors, investigators, or credit reference agencies).
With members of our corporate group, insurers and advisers, as necessary for the purposes set out in this notice.
With our service providers, suppliers and subcontractors, provided that they only use that personal data on our instructions and not for their own independent purposes. For example, we use Vimeo OTT to power Side+ and provide customer support. You can read more about how Vimeo uses your personal data here: vimeo.com/privacy. We also use third party payment providers, email service providers, and analytics companies.
If involved in an investment, merger, acquisition, or sale of our organisation or assets, personal data we hold may be shared on the basis of the legitimate interests of us, our shareholders, customers and other parties to a transaction, unless those interests are outweighed by prejudicial impacts upon you.