Privacy Policy: Onespot & Seabird Apps
Effective: January 15, 2025
Your privacy is important to us, and we take it seriously
.
We make efforts to ensure that your data is secure and your privacy is respected. This Privacy Policy is meant to show you what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This Privacy Policy is to be considered a part of the Onespot Terms of Service, which can be accessed at
onespotapps.com/terms
.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal information is any data that can be used to identify or contact an individual person. We collect this information to provide better services to you as you use our apps. We collect personal information in two ways:
1. Information you provide to us. The use of any one of our apps may require the creation of an account. All personally identifiable information that you give us is tied to your account, whether that account is originally personally identifiable or anonymous, and all such information is stored securely with it. This information includes your name, email address, and the organization(s) with which you are affiliated. It may include additional information that you have provided within our apps or on our websites. This information is provided when you use our platform, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, or communicate with others on our platform. All information you opt to provide to us is provided with your consent. By using our apps or platform in any way you are consenting to us accessing and storing the information you have provided to us.
2. Information we get from your use of our services. While you use any one of our apps, we collect information about the features that you use and how you use them. This information includes device information, such as your hardware model and operating system version, which is used to directly give you an optimized user experience based on your device, as well as for analytic purposes. This information also includes log information, such as the specific features within the app you use and interact with, the length of time you spend using those features, and any issues that may cause an app error or crash. This log information may also include information such as your IP address, device name, the configuration of the app, the time and date when using the app, and other statistics.
Please note that the organization that created or manages any app in which you are a member may use our services to provide you with forms or otherwise solicit data from you. Onespot does not control any such forms provided by your organization, and cannot ensure privacy for any data entered in any such forms within the Services. Please contact your organization’s app administrator to ensure any privacy concerns have been considered before entering any information in the app. Data submitted through the app in this way may also be visible to internal members of the Onespot team.
Use of Information
Protecting your personal information is important to us. Any information that can be used to identify or contact you is primarily used to improve your experience as you use our products and services. It may also be used to provide you with information about changes to our products or services, and for our ordinary business operations, including business research, community outreach, and recruiting. The information you give us is stored in our secure databases, and may also be stored or cached locally on your phone in local storage.
Information that could be used to identify you personally may be shared with the administrators or other users of the apps you join on our platform, as well as with individuals associated with the organizations operating or otherwise affiliated with those apps. For example, your name may be visible to other users of any app you join on our platform, and your email may be visible to the administrators of that app. Accordingly, you should consider what information you share within our apps and on our platform, and only share information that you are comfortable being visible to other users.
In some cases, we will share your personal information with our third-party service providers (companies or individuals that help us facilitate our service or analyze how our service is used). Please note that all information shared with our third-party service providers is shared under confidentiality guidelines.
We also collect information that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. For example, we collect aggregate information about which parts of our apps are used most and least frequently, what devices and operating systems our users are using, and other similar data. Once aggregated, this data does not reflect any individual's usage patterns, and cannot be used to identify or contact any individual user. We may share this non-personally identifiable or aggregated anonymous information in any way, including publicly, with our partners, with our third-party service providers, or for any other purpose. When feasible, we take steps to anonymize or pseudonymize any such app usage data.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of information commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers on the Internet. When you use our websites or apps, information may be collected about your hardware, software, browsing actions, and usage patterns through the use of cookies. Cookies may be employed by us or by the third parties whose sites you access within our apps. The information that is collected, which may include your IP address, browser information, location data, communication data, the resources you access, and other information, helps to improve our services, our websites, and the websites of our partners. Cookies may be used to recognize you when you return to our websites, or to that of one of our partners. These cookies are sent to your device from the site that you visit, and are stored on your device's internal memory. If you choose to refuse cookies sent to you in the usage of any of our services, you may not be able to use some portions of the service.
Security and Data Integrity
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, and we strive to protect it. Any information you provide will be stored in our database, and we take precautions to keep your information secure. However, we also want to remind you that other individuals, including administrators and other users of the apps you join on the platform, may be able to view any information you share within our services. We also wish to remind you that no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and reliable, and, although we take reasonable security measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Accordingly, please do not share or upload any sensitive information to any of Onespot’s apps.
We want to remind you that part of keeping your data safe depends on you: Where you have a private password to access certain parts of our services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please do not share your passwords with anyone. If we have any reason to think your data has been compromised in any way, we will let you know promptly, and guide you through your recourse options.
Please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to and processed in the United States and be subject to United States law. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence.
Your Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of your data protection rights. For all of the following, you can contact
team@seabirdapps.com
for assistance in executing your rights. You are entitled to the following:
The right to access. You can reach out to us to request a copy of your personal data.
The right to rectification. You can request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate, or complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure. You can request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict or object to processing. You can request that we restrict or cease processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
Accessing and Altering your Information
Your personal information that you have provided to us can be directly amended or deleted within your in-app account. If you have issues accessing or correcting this information, please contact us at
team@seabirdapps.com
. If you would like to permanently delete your account and associated personal information, please fill out our account deletion form which can be found within your user profile screen in any of our apps.
Links to Other Sites
Our apps may contain links to other sites, such as those of the organization with which you are affiliated, a local business or point of attraction, or one of our app sponsors, among others. If you click on any third-party link, you will be directed to a third-party site, either within the app or using your device's browser. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites before using them. We have no control over these websites, and we assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children Under the Age of 13
We understand the importance of taking extra steps to protect the privacy and safety of children using our services. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13, or the equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we immediately delete this information from our records. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, or made an account in one of our apps, please contact us at
team@seabirdapps.com
so that we will be able to remove all personal information relating to your child.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may amend our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we encourage you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
team@seabirdapps.com
.
Questions
If you have any questions about your account within one of our apps, or any questions about this Privacy Policy specifically, please contact us at
team@seabirdapps.com
.
​
Cookies