Accept our cookies?
Like all other sites, we need to ask you about cookies. We use them to improve, analyse and personalise MSE for you (read more on how in our
Cookie Policy
). Clicking 'Accept all' means you agree to this, 'Essential only' means we'll use just the cookies we need to make the site work. Or you can choose which to accept in 'Manage settings'.
Accept
Essential only
Manage settings
MoneySavingExpert.com
Site
MoneySavingExpert.com
Links with an * may help pay for MSE
If you click a link with an * to go through to a provider, we may get paid. This usually only happens if you get a product from it. This is what funds our team of journalists, and keeps us free to use. Yet there are two crucial things you need to know about this.
This never impacts our editorial recommendations – if it's in, it's in there because we independently rate it best.
You'll always get as good a deal (or better) than if you went direct.
For a more detailed explanation see
How MSE is financed
.
Close
Tip Email
FREE
Weekly MoneySaving email
For all the latest deals, guides and loopholes simply sign up today - it’s spam free!
Show more
Show less
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
Back to top
MoneySavingExpert
Privacy Policy
5 November 2021
Save
My account
Remove
Share
Share
Close
Facebook
Twitter
Whatsapp
Email
Here at MoneySavingExpert.com we're all about cutting your costs and fighting your corner. Your privacy is important to us, and we want you to be confident that the information you give us when using our site is safe and secure. In this Privacy Policy we'll explain how we use it to give you a better, more personalised MSE experience.
We'll also tell you how and why we collect your personal information, your rights and choices when it comes to these details, as well as the steps we take to keep it secure and confidential.
Updated:
7 April
2022
1. What this Privacy Policy covers
This is the Privacy Policy for the MoneySavingExpert.com website, our related apps, the tools on our website, our social media content and our Forum (the "
Site
").
MoneySavingExpert.com Limited (referred to in this policy as "
we
", "
us
" or "
our
") is the "controller" under data protection laws. Where we're processing your personal information in relation to our content and/or Site, we're controller of your personal information.
The main purposes we collect and process your personal information are to: show you relevant content and to improve your experience on the Site; provide the services you sign up for, such as our Clubs services; communicate with you directly when you've agreed to it, or when the law allows us to do this.
To operate the MoneySaving tools on our Site we may sometimes need to share your personal information with other businesses. They'll be responsible for how they process your personal information. They're discussed in section 7.1 of this Privacy Policy and in section 9 of our
Terms
.
Our Site contains external links to other websites that aren't subject to this Privacy Policy. Please do read our
Terms
for further information on external links, as well as the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any website you give your personal information to, as you'll be bound by them. We're not liable for anything that happens if you use them.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
·       The personal information we collect;
·       How and why we collect and use your personal information;
·       Why we process your personal information;
·       When and why we'll share your personal information to Moneysupermarket Group, or to other organisations;
·       The rights and choices you've when it comes to your personal information;
·       Why we use cookies;
·       The steps we take to ensure your information is kept secure and confidential;
·       How long we'll hold your information for; and
·       How to contact us
2. Personal information we collect
The information we collect will depend on how you're using our Site and should usually be clear to you at the time we collect it, for example, for MSE's Money Tips email, we'll ask for an email address. If you're using one of our tools (Cheap Energy Club, Credit Club, Broadband Unbundled, MSE Multi-Compare: Car Insurance, the MoneySavingExpert App, and eligibility tools, together the "
MSE Tools
") we may, depending on the tool, need to get a range of information, such as your name, marital status, benefit entitlements, income and bank account details. Some of the MSE Tools use technology provided by Moneysupermarket Group companies as detailed in section 6 below. We may also use cookies and other tracking technology to collect information about your online browsing behaviour and any devices you've used to access our Site.
3. How we collect and use your personal information
We collect and use your personal information to allow you to interact with the Site. This includes, without limitation, the following:
3.1. MSE's Money Tips email
When you register to receive MSE's Money Tips email we'll use your email address to send you MSE's Money Tips email. This is usually weekly, but on occasion we may send a special edition when we've something really important to share with you – this doesn't happen very often.
3.2. Product application forms
When you request certain products via application forms on our Site we'll use your personal information so that we can manage your request. If we need to pass your personal information to someone else to meet your request, we'll make it clear at the time you give us your personal information.
3.3. MSE Tools
3.3.1. Cheap Energy Club
As part of the Cheap Energy Club service, we'll ask you for certain personal information when you register. We'll save your information to allow us to provide regular energy comparison services based either on price savings (as part of our DIY comparison service), or your preferences (as part of our Pick Me A Tariff or Pick Me A Tariff Every Year services). This will include your name, address, email address, current energy supplier and energy usage and where applicable, application information, to enable you to quickly switch energy suppliers, you've consented to this.
Cheap Energy Club's energy comparison services are provided by Group companies MoneySupermarket and Decision Technologies, who act as independent data controllers alongside us. Each of the three Cheap Energy Club services (DIY comparison service, Pick Me A Tariff and Pick Me A Tariff Every Year) performs regular background comparisons. We resubmit your information to MoneySupermarket to do this and use Decision Technologies to host your energy price comparison enquiry and results.
Where you've provided consent for us to contact you, we will:
·       Regularly let you know when you could be on a better tariff based on price savings (for DIY comparison service) or your preferences (for Pick Me A Tariff), where there is a preference match that is higher than or equal to your current tariff, or that you're still on the best deal for you;
·       Let you know when your fixed tariff is ending, together with the potential tariffs and related savings available to you;
·       Send you reminders to keep your personal information and preferences up to date (see section 9.1.5); and
·       Let you know about news, energy saving information and energy deals regarding the possibility of saving you money or energy market updates such as price rises; and
·       Keep you informed of new features we introduce into Cheap Energy Club.
We carry out this processing to meet our obligations to you under the Cheap Energy Club service to ensure you're not overpaying on your energy bills or in cases in which you've provided your consent (which you may withdraw at any time). See section 4 below for more information.
If you choose to switch energy suppliers, MoneySupermarket will collect your energy switch application information and pass it on to the energy supplier you're being switched to. We will also save your information (as detailed in this Privacy Policy). This may also include sensitive information which data protection laws call 'special category data' if you tell us that you've special needs. We rely on your explicit consent to collect and process this 'special category data'. Where applicable, MoneySupermarket will also process all cashback due in connection with switches. See MoneySupermarket's cashback T&Cs and
MoneySupermarket's privacy policy
for how it looks after your personal information.
MoneySupermarket and Decision Technologies will only hold your personal information for so long as is reasonable in relation to providing you with energy comparison services and/or switching energy suppliers and/or in cases in which you've provided your consent (which you may withdraw at any time). See section 6 below for further details on sharing your personal information with Moneysupermarket Group companies.
We'll contact you:
·       To welcome you to Cheap Energy Club;
·       To communicate with you at your request via live chat to troubleshoot any energy comparison or switch issues you may have;
·       To communicate with you at your request to help with logging in to Cheap Energy Club (for example, to reset your password);
·       To alert you to changes to our services (such as changes to our
Terms
);
·       In connection with an application to switch your energy supplier (including in connection with cashback due to you under the switch if this is applicable to you);
·       To remind Pick Me A Tariff Every Year users to keep personal information and preferences up to date; and
·       To offer to perform future switches for Pick Me A Tariff Every Year users, which you can confirm with one click.
3.3.2. Credit Club
As part of the Credit Club service we'll ask you for certain information when you register. This will include your email address and mobile number.
We'll contact you:
·       To welcome you to the club and provide personalised credit information and products that match your credit profile that are likely to save you money;
·       To confirm you're who you say you are as part of our identity authentication process;
·       To communicate with you at your request to help with logging in to Credit Club (for example, to reset your password);
·       To personalise and enhance your experience within Credit Club (such as presenting content in the best way for you);
·       To alert you to changes to our services (for example, changes to our
Terms
);
·       To alert you when your affordability, Credit Hit Rate and eligibility scores, as well as your Experian Credit Score and your Experian Credit Report have been updated; and
·       To let you know how you're progressing against credit building or improvement goals you've set for yourself and the time remaining to achieve the goal
If you've given us permission, we'll also contact you to let you know about consumer news, other MoneySaving tips, products and exclusives which we think you may be interested in.
3.3.3. Eligibility tools
We use the personal information you give when you submit an eligibility checker request to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan.
If you give us your email address, we'll also send you a confirmation email of your results so that you've a record of them.
Section 8 below explains what to do if you change your mind and decide you don't want to hear from us anymore about the things we think you'd be interested in.
3.3.4. MSE Multi-Compare: Car Insurance
Our MSE Multi-Compare: Car Insurance comparison tool is provided by MoneySupermarket.
MoneySupermarket will collect and save your personal information to be able to return results. This may also include sensitive information which data protection laws call 'special category data’ if you tell them that you've a criminal conviction or provide details of your medical history. MoneySupermarket relies on your explicit consent to collect and process this 'special category data' and requires this data to be able to display insurance quotes. As part of this tool, if you run a quote, MoneySupermarket will send you an automatic email with your top quotes so that you can easily refer back to them. MoneySupermarket will not use your data for any other marketing purposes. See the
MoneySupermarket privacy policy
for further details on how your personal information is used.
We do not process or save the personal information collected in the MSE Multi-Compare: Car Insurance tool unless you sign up to receive an email renewal reminder from us when it is time to switch again. In this case we will save your name, email address and renewal date to fulfil your request. See the
MoneySupermarket privacy policy
for further details on how your personal information is used.
See also
section 6
below.
3.3.5 The MoneySavingExpert App
Once you’ve downloaded the MoneySavingExpert App you’ll have the option to create an account which allows you to access enhanced tools and features to personalise and tailor your content. Without an account, you’ll still be able to access content from our website, but the content won’t be personalised.  If you choose to create an account, we’ll ask you for certain personal information, such as your name, email address and ask you to choose a password for your account.
If you create an account you can choose to use certain MSE Tools (such as Broadband Unbundled and Credit Card Eligibility Checker) by connecting your bank account within your App account using a secure third party called TrueLayer (please see section 7.1.3 for further details). If you consent for us to save the results of your use of the MSE Tools and/or tools exclusive to the App, we can use these together with your account information to provide further personalised guidance and money saving tips (“
MSE App Enhanced Content
”).
3.4. Forum
We collect limited personal information to enable you to post on our Forum: your email and IP address(es), username and password. We use your email address to send you your password to enable you to log in to our Forum and to send you emails if you've chosen to sign up to MSE's Money Tips. We use your email address, IP address(es) and username for admin, troubleshooting and investigatory purposes if required. As set out in the
Forum rules
which form part of our
Terms
, no personal information should be shared on our Forum (aside from your username). Consequently, no personal information should be collected on our Forum.
3.5. Internal reporting, insight and analysis
We may use your personal information to generate aggregated, anonymised data for the purposes of internal reporting, insight and analysis, enabling us to improve and personalise our Site, the products we offer and search results for our Site. As part of this we also use Google Analytics. See our
Cookie Policy
for further information. Where necessary this exercise may be carried out on our behalf by someone else – please see section 7 below.
3.6. Site personalisation
We may use your personal information to personalise aspects of our Site, enable your details to be moved across our tools to speed up form filling and for market research. As part of this, we may match your personal information against information that has been collected by someone else. We are always working to make a better Site for you and using your personal information in this way helps us to do this. It also means that if you've given us permission, any communication we send to you is appropriate for your needs.
3.7. Contacting you
We may use your personal information to:
3.7.1.
Respond to any communications that you've directed at us;
3.7.2.
Invite you to take part in polls and other market research activities carried out by us and on our behalf. Any feedback you provide will only be used to improve our Site and will not be published. It is up to you whether you want to take part in these activities; or
3.7.3.
Award you a prize if you've won a competition we're running.
If you're providing us with another person's personal information you should first ask them to read this Privacy Policy and our
Terms
. By giving us personal information about another person you're confirming that they have given you permission to provide the personal information to us and that they understand how their personal information will be used.
4. Why do we process your personal information?
We'll only collect and use your personal information (as described in sections 2 and 3) in accordance with data protection laws. Our grounds for processing your personal information are:
·
Performance of a contract
– To provide you with the services you sign up to. For example, when you register to use Cheap Energy Club, we'll (i) save your information for the purposes of allowing us to compare energy deals, (ii) use your personal information to do regular background comparisons so that we know when to switch or make available to you information on energy tariffs based on your chosen savings trigger and preferences and (iii) match the top tariffs to you based on your preferences.
·
Consent
– We'll only collect and process your personal information where necessary and, if we're relying on consent for such processing, if you've consented for us to do so, for example, when you register to receive MSE's Money Tips email, or download the MoneySavingExpert App and create an account. For Cheap Energy Club, we'll only send you communications if you've confirmed that you're happy to receive them. These communications may be provided: to update you on energy savings, including when you can save money; to provide energy saving news; to let you know about energy deals; and to let you know when your energy tariff is ending.
·
Legitimate Interests
– We may use and process some of your personal information where we've sensible and legitimate business grounds for doing so. Under European privacy laws there is a concept of
"legitimate interests"
as a justification for processing your personal information. Our legitimate interests for processing your personal information are:
·       To enable you to use the MSE Tools;
·       To enable you to use our Forum and ensure it operates smoothly, we may use your personal information to make sure our Forum operates without disruption or abuse and to enforce our Terms; and
·       To improve our Site. We may use your personal information to undertake demographic segmentation and generate profiling information to help us understand what you might be interested in and for market research. We are always working to make a better Site for you and using your personal information in this way helps us to do this
You've a right to object to our use of your personal information for these legitimate interests, including a right to object to profiling by us (see section 8 below).
5. Use of children's personal information
We don't knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. If you're aged under 16 please get your parent or guardian's permission before you provide any personal information to us.
6. Sharing your personal information with Moneysupermarket Group
We are part of the Moneysupermarket Group comprising the following brands: Moneysupermarket.com Limited, Quidco, CYTI Limited and Decision Technologies Limited, which all operate in the UK. MoneySavingExpert.com's specific way of operating is governed by the
Editorial Code
.
6.1.
Save as detailed at section 6.2 below, in line with the
Editorial Code
your personal information will not be shared with, or used by, Moneysupermarket Group to communicate with you, unless you've given us your permission, are using an MSE Tool that uses technology provided by a Group company, or as otherwise permitted under the Editorial Code.
6.2.
The Cheap Energy Club comparison service is provided by MoneySupermarket and Decision Technologies and the MSE Multi-Compare: Car Insurance tool is provided by MoneySupermarket. By submitting your personal information to either of these services, you understand it will be passed to other Moneysupermarket Group companies. Please read the rest of our Privacy Policy about how your personal information will be used and the
MoneySupermarket privacy policy
and the
Decision Technologies privacy policy
.
7. Sharing your personal information with others
We may share your personal information with:
7.1. Our technical partners
– For the purposes described in sections 3.3 to 3.6 and 6 above, and for the purposes of providing certain services and enabling your interaction with the Site, such as your use of MSE Tools. These include:
7.1.1.
Experian Ltd ("
Experian
") – We operate Credit Club in conjunction with UK credit reference agency Experian. By submitting your details to Credit Club, you're consenting to them being passed to Experian and to us letting you know every time your Experian Credit Score or Experian Credit Report has been updated.
Experian may share the information it collects from us with fraud prevention agencies including Cifas, which will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by Experian and these fraud prevention agencies can be obtained by writing to Experian at Experian Ltd, PO Box 8000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF.
Experian and other organisations may access and use the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies from other countries.
More information about your rights in relation to the personal information Experian holds can be found in the 'Your rights to how we use your personal information' section of its privacy policy.
For further information about how your details will be used by Experian, please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and
Experian's privacy policy
;
7.1.2.
Capital One Plc ("
Capital One
") and HD Decisions, an Experian business ("
HD
") – We operate the eligibility tools in conjunction with Capital One and HD which partners with the following UK credit reference agencies: TransUnion International UK Limited ("
Transunion
"), Equifax Limited ("
Equifax
") and Experian from time to time.
We'll use the personal information you submit to enable your interaction with our eligibility tools. If you use our eligibility tools a credit report will be generated by carrying out a 'soft' credit check. 'Soft' credit checks allow you to get quotes without affecting your creditworthiness. The 'soft' credit checks will be used by Capital One to match against its lending criteria and HD to match against other suppliers' lending criteria. Capital One and HD's information is then used to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan. Your credit report will not be provided to you directly and we'll not receive it either.
By submitting your details, you're giving permission to Capital One and HD passing them to Transunion, Equifax and/or Experian. To find out more about how your personal information will be used, please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and
Capital One's terms and conditions
and
HD's terms and conditions
. Please also see the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Our technical partners will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own marketing purposes unless you've given permission to receive marketing from them.
7.1.3 TrueLayer Limited (www.truelayer.com) (“
TrueLayer
”) - Where you agree to us being able to ‘read only’ access your bank account data, we use TrueLayer a secure open banking provider. Please see section 9.5.2 of our Terms and Conditions for detailed information on TrueLayer. By signing up to this service you will need to accept their
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
7.1.4 The comparison services in the MoneySavingExpert App are provided by MoneySuperMarket and Decision Technologies, who act as independent data controllers alongside us. When you run a comparison we’ll resubmit your information to MoneySuperMarket and may also use Decision Technologies to host your comparison enquiry and results.  See
MoneySuperMarket
and
Decision Technologies
privacy policies for how your personal information is shared with us.
7.2.
If required or permitted to do so by law;
7.3.
If required to do so by any court, the Financial Conduct Authority or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, governmental or law enforcement agency;
7.4.
If necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings;
7.5.
If ownership of all or part of our Site is transferred, in which case any purchaser would only be entitled to use that information in a way consistent with this Privacy Policy; and
7.6.
In line with our own
Terms
, which incorporate our
Forum rules
(in particular regarding reporting offending Forum users to their ISP or to the authorities if their actions appear to amount to a crime).
8. How you can change permissions
All emails or other forms of communication directly from us to you will include clear instructions on how to unsubscribe. Plus, if you don't want to be contacted by us anymore, you can email
DataRequest@moneysavingexpert.com
. Section 9 below also sets out your other information rights.
9. Your information rights and responsibilities
9.1.
You've certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold on you:
9.1.1. Right to access
– The right to a copy of the personal information we hold about you. We'll ask you to describe the information you require, as well as letting us know about any other email addresses you've used on our Site, to enable us to trace your personal information. Depending on the nature of your request, we may also ask you for your full name, your date of birth and your full address and documents to allow us to verify your identity. Requests for copies of your personal information will be dealt with within one month, unless your request is complicated or if you've made a large number of requests. In these circumstances it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we'll let you know;
9.1.2. Right to correct
– The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Requests for us to correct your personal information will be dealt with within one month, unless your request is complicated or if you've made a large number of requests. In these circumstances it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we'll let you know. If we believe that your personal information is accurate, we'll let you know that we won't be amending your personal information and why;
9.1.3.
Right to erasure and to restrict our use of your information
– The right to request that we delete or remove your personal information from our systems. Data protection laws give exceptions to this right which, if applicable, we'll explain in our response to you;
9.1.4.
Right to restrict our use of your information
– In some circumstances you can 'block' us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it;
9.1.5.
Right to data portability
–
The right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information;
9.1.6.
Right to object
– The right to object to our use of your personal information including where we use it for our legitimate interests, or where we use your personal information to carry out profiling to inform our market research and user demographics. If you raise an objection we'll stop processing your personal information unless very exceptional circumstances apply, in which case we'll let you know why we're continuing to process your personal information. Some of the MSE Tools give you the option to hear from us by email about tips, news, and relevant MoneySaving products and exclusives. You've the right to object to our processing of your personal information in this way; and
9.1.7. Withdrawal of consent
– Where you've provided us with consent to use your personal information, you can withdraw this at any time.
We'll use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to provide you with your rights in accordance with data protection laws.
9.2.
To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy and/or make a complaint please contact
DataRequest@moneysavingexpert.com
or write to the Data Protection Officer at MoneySavingExpert.com at Moneysupermarket House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ.
9.3.
If you're not satisfied with the way any complaint you make in relation to your personal information is handled by us then you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection regulator. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner's Office.
10. Cookies
10.1.
We use cookies (not the type you eat, but files which are sent by us to your computer or other devices), web beacons, pixel tags and tracking technology to help improve the functionality and performance of our Site.
10.2.
The information coming from our use of cookies will be aggregated to provide statistical information about the usage of our Site. However, we don't use any information derived from cookies, nor any IP addresses we collect, to identify any individual user of our Site.
10.3.
Some third-party technology we use (such as embedded videos, social sharing) also drop cookies to improve your experience on their sites.
10.4.
For details on what cookies we use, information on how to stop them being stored or how to delete ones already stored, read our
Cookie Policy
.
11. Where we store your personal information
11.1.
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us so we store and process your personal information in accordance with the high standards required under data protection laws. From time to time and for operational reasons the personal information we collect from you may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"). Your information may also be processed by some of our service providers which operate outside the EEA. Different countries have different data protection and security laws and some of these don't offer the same level of protection as you enjoy under UK data protection laws. However, when we appoint our service providers to help us provide products and services to you (which may include some based in the USA), we take care to ensure that we've put in place contractual protections, for example European Commission-approved contractual clauses, and that our service providers have appropriate security measures in place.
12. How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we'll only hold your personal information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and/or in cases in which you've provided your consent (which you may withdraw at any time), or until you request it is deleted. Generally, you can expect us to keep your personal information while you use MSE Tools (or have used MSE Tools recently eg if you've recently switched to a new energy supplier using our Pick Me A Tariff or Pick Me A Tariff Every Year services), or regularly open MSE's Money Tips email. Where you've applied for or purchased products or services via the Site we'll need to keep your personal information for longer for accounting purposes – up to seven (7) years following the date on which it is provided to us. If, having registered for any of our services, you don't use them for a reasonable time (which may vary depending on the service(s) you've registered for) we may contact you to ensure you're still happy to receive communications from us. Even if you delete, or ask us to delete your personal information it may persist on back-up or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
13. How to contact us
Our Data Protection Officer is Moneysupermarket Group's Chief Risk Officer.
If you've any queries relating to our use of your personal information or any other related data protection questions, please contact us at
DataRequest@moneysavingexpert.com
or write to us at MoneySavingExpert.com Limited, at Moneysupermarket House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ.
14. Changes
This policy applies from
7 April
2022 and immediately replaces the Privacy Policy previously published on 7 April 2022. We may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to laws, best practice or Site enhancements. We'll let you know what these changes are by posting them to this page. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email you with the new details and get your permission to make these changes where required by law. It's your responsibility as a user to make sure that you're aware of these changes posted on this page, by checking for any changes on a regular basis. Changes posted on this page will apply as soon as they are posted.
Effective as of:
7 April
2022
Share this guide
Facebook
Twitter
Whatsapp
Email
Spotted out of date info/broken links? Email:
brokenlink@moneysavingexpert.com
MSE News
Martin's Blog
Deals Blog
Nationwide to pay a free £50 'thank you' bonus to some customers in April – here's who'll get it
11 March 2025
Martin Lewis: Huge car finance mis-selling news as industry-wide redress scheme planned – here's what's happening
11 March 2025
Martin Lewis: A warning for anyone who's booked their holiday this year
11 March 2025
Royal Mail to raise price of stamps on 7 April – here's Martin Lewis' tip to beat the increase
10 March 2025
Out of pocket due to Barclays payment problems? Here's how to get your money back
06 March 2025
Martin Lewis: Is being married financially worth it? The nine big benefits and how to use them to your advantage...
3 March 2025
Martin Lewis: In 2024 I averaged 24,703 steps a day (burning 3,850 calories) – here's how…
13 January 2025
Martin Lewis: Is it time to ban unnecessary Christmas presents?
16 December 2024
Update September 2017: It’s eight years since I first braved this subject, expecting a snowstorm of protest. Instead, year after year more join in, like Julia who recently tweeted me, “@MartinSLewis, finally took your advice and told my family I can’t afford Christmas presents. What a weight off my mind. Thank you.” One year even the Archbishop of...
Martin Lewis: Will energy standing charges be cut?
4 December 2024
Martin Lewis: Five things EVERYONE needs to know about student finance 2025/26
7 November 2024
How to get FREE pizza for 'National Pizza Day' (Sunday 9 February)
3 February 2025
Free build-your-own Lego botanical heart
31 January 2025
Six months' Apple Music for £3 (normally £66)
31 January 2025
FREE entry to WWT wetland centres – go quick
23 January 2025
How to keep fit for FREE
23 January 2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.moneysavingexpert.com/site/privacy-policy:
www.moneysavingexpert.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.moneysavingexpert.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.moneysavingexpert.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 1
https://www.moneysupermarket.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Home
Legal
MoneySuperMarket Privacy Policy
MoneySuperMarket Privacy Policy
Read our privacy policy
Updated:
14 Oct 2024
Share
In this guide / article
This Privacy Policy explains how we will use your personal information when you interact with our Sites so please read it carefully.
SUMMARY
Below is a summary of some key terms of this Privacy Policy. We are committed to protecting your personal information when you use our Services and we want you to be confident that your personal information is safe and secure with us. This Privacy Policy explains how we use your personal information including the following:
where we collect your personal information from;
what personal information we collect;
how we use your personal information;
who your personal information is shared with; and
the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal information.
Use of our website (our “Site”) is subject to our website
Terms and Conditions
. If you do not agree to these terms, please stop using the Site immediately.
Where we refer to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information which constitutes “personal data” under the UK’s version of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “
UK GDPR
”). This can be any information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address), but also information that identifies you indirectly or would identify you when pieced together with other information (such as your age, gender, demographic information, IP address, and cookie identifiers/other unique online identifiers).
The main reason we process your personal information is to provide you with the Site and the other services that you request from us (see section 4 below) (together, the “
Services
”). For certain purposes set out in section 5 below, we may share your personal information with group entities, our product partners, service providers, and regulatory or governmental bodies.  We will only hold your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we hold that personal information.
To make an enquiry or exercise any of your rights as set out in this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Request Team at:
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
.
1. Who are we?
1.1. We are
MoneySuperMarket
, part of MONY Group, which includes:
MoneySavingExpert
,
Decision Technologies
,
CYTI, Travelsupermarket, icelolly, Quidco
and
Podium
(all operating in the UK). We will take your privacy very seriously.
1.2. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, references to "we", "us", "our" or “Site” are to
MoneySuperMarket
and exclude
MoneySavingExpert,
Decision Technologies
,
CYTI
,
Travelsupermarket
,
icelolly
,
Quidco
and
Podium
who each have their own privacy policies. For details about how your personal information is shared within the MONY Group, see section 5.
1.3. MoneySuperMarket.com Limited (company number 3945937) is a
controller
in relation to the processing of the personal information that you provide to us when you use our Services. Its registered address is MONY Group House, St David's Park, Ewloe, Chester, CH5 3UZ. If you have any queries relating to our use of your personal information, if you want to contact our data protection officer or if you have any other related data protection questions, please contact our Data Request Team at
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
or write to our Data Protection Officer at MONY Group House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ.
2. How do we collect personal information?
2.1.
From you
- Most of the personal information we collect will be directly from you when you use the Services.  We will collect this information from you through the websites, mobile applications, or other similar devices, channels, or applications operated by or on behalf of MoneySuperMarket.
2.2.
From our product partners
- If you purchase a product from one of our partners whose products or services are included on our Site (“
product partners
”) then they may send us the information they hold relating to the product(s) you have purchased.  This allows us to track sales and improve our Services. A list of our product partners can be found in section 5.
2.3.
From our channel operators
- Whilst the majority of the channels on our Site are run by us or other Moneysupermarket Group entities, some of our channels are
designed, maintained, and/or run for us by our trusted channel operators
. We may receive your personal information from our channel operators and use it in accordance with section 5 below.  Where our channel operators collect your personal information on a channel that is maintained by them, they will be acting as a controller of your personal information.  A list of our channel operators can be found in section 5.
2.4.
From our suppliers
- We will sometimes use other companies to collect and process your personal information on our behalf, for example, we may use IT service providers or market research agencies (see section 5 below for more detail on the categories of these suppliers). Where we use third party suppliers we will make sure that they commit to keeping your information safe.
We may also obtain personal information about you from suppliers, who hold data on you themselves – for example, if you use our Credit Score Services (either through the Apps or on our website), we will obtain information about your credit history for you from TransUnion (see sections 4.2.2 and 7 below for further information); and in order to show and send you car tax and MOT reminders, we will obtain the dates on which these fall due by accessing public sector information (see section 5.2.3.7 for further information).
3. What personal information do we collect?
3.1. The personal information we may collect when you use the Services includes:
3.1.1. your
identity information
such as name and date of birth;
3.1.2. your
contact information
such as address, email address and telephone number;
3.1.3. information you provide as part of your
online enquiry
which might include your vehicle/home information (in relation to our relevant insurance products) such as driving history and details about your vehicle/home;
3.1.4. your
financial information
, for example, bank account or payment details or information about your
credit score and/or credit report
;
3.1.5. in certain scenarios, recordings of the
content of your communications
with us such as calls, emails and SMSs, in accordance with data protection legislation and other applicable law. Monitoring or recording will always be for business purposes, such as for quality control and training (e.g. where you email our customer services team), to prevent unauthorised use of our telecommunication systems and Site, to ensure effective systems operation, to meet any legal obligation and/or to prevent or detect crime;
3.1.6.
feedback you provide to us
on your experience of using the Site, which we may have requested from you in order to ensure the Services we provide you continue to meet your needs. Any feedback you provide will only be used as part of our programme of continuous improvement and will not be published on the Site; and
3.1.7. information about
how you come to our Site and how you use it
, for example, the pages viewed, the website from which you came to visit our Site, changes you make to information you supply to us, details of the quotes you request and your transactions.
3.2. In order to provide you with a quote we may need to collect personal information which data protection law defines as
special category data
. This is personal information that is particularly sensitive, such as medical history. We may also process personal information relating to your
criminal convictions
. We cannot display quotes for certain types of insurance (such as life insurance or vehicle insurance) without this information.  We may also need to share this personal information with our product partners to enable them to generate a quote for you (which we are allowed to do under data protection legislation in order to arrange and/or advise on an insurance contract).  For details of our product partners that we share this information with, please see section 5.2.2 of this Privacy Policy.
3.3. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 years with the exception of certain travel insurance products which are available to children between the ages of 13-16; and certain life insurance products which require us to collect and store personal information of under 18s (but we will ask the adult intending to obtain the life insurance policy to provide this information).
3.4. If you are providing us with
another person's information
(for example where you request a policy that includes another person as a joint policyholder, obtaining quotes for a family member, or provide information about other family members (including under 18s) when requesting a quote for a life insurance policy) we recommend that you first ask them to read this Privacy Policy and our
Terms and Conditions
, and confirm with them that they are happy for you to provide the information to us and that they understand how their details will be used.
3.5. Note that it is your responsibility to check and ensure that all information, content, material, or personal information you provide on the Site is
correct
,
complete
,
accurate
, and not misleading and that you disclose all relevant facts.
4. How do we use your personal information?
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
4.1. For the management of our Site and other Services:
4.1.1.
verifying your identity, managing, running and administering your account
or use of any mobile applications
if you choose to set up a Site account or download mobile applications. You must be aged 16 years and over to create an account on the Site, please see section 3.3 of this Privacy Policy;
4.1.2.
passing it to our product partners
including companies whose products or services are included on our Site, with a view to them providing you with an online quote or eligibility score for the product/service requested by you. When our product partners use your personal information to provide a quote they will act as controllers of your personal information – you can see links to lists of our product partners in section 5.2.2 below;
4.1.3. to
pre-populate fields on the Site
when making return visits to obtain new quotes for the same product(s) or quotes across other channels on the Site. This will make it easier for you to use the Site by storing the personal information you provide to us (for example, your postal address and email address) and by storing personal information of any individuals associated with your accounts for example a family member or a friend. Sometimes, this involves us placing “cookies” or other tracking technologies on our Site; for more information on cookies, see section 9;
4.1.4. to
process a transaction
between you and a third party - we will use a third party payment processing provider, Stripe, for these purposes;
4.1.5. to
track sales
, which may involve product partners sharing data with us relating to the product(s) you have purchased, this involves us placing “cookies” or other tracking technologies on our Site;
4.1.6. to
fulfil offers
you are eligible for or have applied for through the Site, for example if you qualify for any rewards. Where we use third parties to help us to fulfil offers, we may also need to share your personal information with them. This will also be detailed in the relevant terms and conditions for that offer;
4.1.7. if you have an account with us and have switched energy supplier with us or requested a car insurance quote, to
provide you with information on your account dashboards
such as information around your energy switch or your MOT, tax or car insurance renewal date. In order to display this information, we will monitor the progress of your switch in energy provider and/or will access information from public sector sources in relation to your car MOT/tax/insurance renewal (see section 5 for more information on how we access this information and section 4.3 for how we may further communicate with you about this);
4.1.8. by
matching our data with data from other sources
including
to validate your information and make our Services easy to use:
4.1.8.1. we may validate and analyse your information and, in some cases, match it against information that has been collected by a third party
to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, consistent and well-organised and in order to make our Services as easy to use as possible
. For example, you may be required to provide your address when using the Services. In order to streamline this process, we may display address look-up services offered by third party partners. When you enter your postcode into the search bar associated with these services, we pass this information directly to the relevant third party partner, to facilitate the look up of your street address;
4.1.8.2.
to help gather all the information that is required to carry out the Service you have requested
(particularly if some of this information may be difficult for you to locate) and
to pre-populate some of the information required to carry out the Service
for you by providing estimated figures. For example, as part of a request from you to switch your energy partner, we may match your address to the corresponding MPAN/MPRN (which are numbers used to identify the energy/gas supply points in your home) to help facilitate the switch (see sections 9 and 10 of our
Terms and Conditions
for more information on our energy products and services);
4.2. To enable us and our product partners and/or service providers to
check or monitor your credit score and/or credit report
, in connection with certain financial products and Services (see section 7  below for more details on who your information is shared with and what sort of processing the generation of these checks involve):
4.2.1. when you use our
eligibility checker services
(for example on our loans and credit cards journeys) a credit report will be generated by
carrying out a 'soft' credit check
.  We do not carry out these checks. Instead, we pass your personal information to our trusted service provider
HD Decisions
- an Experian business
(
HD
),
Qualifi
or certain of our panel of lenders who will generate these checks with their chosen credit reference agencies;
4.2.2. when you use our  Credit Score Services, we provide your personal information to TransUnion, who will provide us with your credit score and/or credit report (as applicable) at least once per month (see also our Terms and Conditions for more information on our  Credit Score Services). This will leave a footprint (also known as a ‘soft’ search) on your credit file, which does not affect your score and is not visible to lenders, but which will be visible to you. We request this ‘soft’ search from TransUnion on your behalf for up to thirty-six (36) months following receipt of authorisation from you and will continue to request this ‘soft search’ on an ongoing basis whilst you are still using the Credit Score Service. Please see section 7.1 for more details on soft credit checks. To enable us to supply you with your credit report and/or credit score (as applicable), you will need to authorise us to submit a subject access request on your behalf to TransUnion for that information under Article 15 of the UK GDPR;
4.2.3. when we
provide you with information in order to renew your insurance quote
, we may also send that information to our insurance partners so that they can calculate their quotes and they may carry out
‘soft’ credit checks
on you with credit reference agencies of their own choosing. These checks may be performed ahead of the renewal date on your insurance policy.  As above, the ‘soft’ credit checks carried out by our insurance partners may appear on your credit report but they will have no impact on your credit rating;
4.3. To
communicate  with you
, including some or all of the following:
4.3.1.
sending you information about products and services
which we think may be of interest to you
.
We will contact you (depending on your contact preferences) via email, SMS, or by other electronic means such as via social and digital media. This may include new product launches and, newsletters. When you give us your details to run a comparison you will be given an opportunity to let us know if you don’t want to receive marketing communications from us. If you are using our App and have enabled push notifications on your device, we may send you marketing messages through push notifications. If you don’t want to receive marketing communications from us, you’ll need to let us know every time you run a comparison. You can also opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time – see section 12 below.
This won’t affect any communications that we need to send you for the purpose of being able to provide our Services (see section 4.3.2 and 4.3.3).
4.3.2.
sending you a confirmation email of your quote
– when you obtain a quote with us, you will automatically be sent confirmation of your quote by email or SMS so that you have a record of it;
4.3.3
.
sending you information about the savings and credit management services.
For example, if you:
4.3.3.1. have subscribed to our Credit Score Services, then we will contact you (through email, push notifications, or in-App messaging) to let you know when your
credit score
from TransUnion
, and/or credit report
(as applicable)
have been updated
,
how you can access our guides
on credit scores and credit reports, or notifying you of
significant changes to your credit score or report
(see section 7 below for further information)
4.3.3.2. have switched energy supplier with us, we may inform you (through email, push notifications, or in-App messaging) of
when your application to switch energy supplier has been received
, update you as to the
progress of your switch
(including if your switch has been rejected for any reason) and
when your switch is complete
(please see section 9 of our
Terms and Conditions
for further information); and
4.3.4. to communicate with you at your request
to offer help and support and to resolve any Service issues
, including via live chat if you use our energy or life insurance comparison services.
4.4.
To personalise and improve aspects of our Services
including:
4.4.1. to
improve the personalised content and insights on our Site and/or as part of our direct marketing communications
. The information we collect helps us tailor our content and improve our suggestions to you and other users about products or services that may interest you or them. For example, we may undertake analysis and profiling of your credit information when you use our Credit Score services in order to identify and inform you of products that we consider are likely to interest you or be suited to your credit circumstances. We also use that information to provide you with general insights about your credit health. These recommendations and insights might either be provided via direct marketing communications (as described in section 4.3 above), or through the display of information on our Site;
4.4.2. to
improve personalised content and insights on other websites (for both you, and others).
We make use of audience tools from digital and social media providers which enable them to match your hashed contact information that we provide them against the contact information they hold and target you on their sites based on information about your use of our Site. They might also use the same information to target advertising to other users on their websites who they have identified as being potentially interested in the same recommendations and insights. We may also submit information about your use of the Site, collected through cookies, to social media providers as part of the audience tools described above. See section 9 for more details on our use of cookies for these purposes; and
4.4.3.  to help our product partners understand customer behaviours and develop and tailor their product offerings we may pass certain personal information to them (e.g. through our
customer insight products
that are available to subscribers).
4.5.
For research, such as analysing market trends and customer demographics including:
4.5.1.  we may contact you to ask you to assist us with market research by asking you questions about the Services and asking you if you would like to complete a review of the Services.  We may sometimes ask market research companies to contact you on our behalf and may use this information to improve our Sites and Services; and
4.5.2.  to use personal information relating to your quotes, your personal information, special category data in relation to life insurance quotes, and information about the policies and contracts you have taken out in order to carry out various other
research and analysis activities designed to help us review and improve the Site or our Services
, such as journey optimisation.
4.6 To generate responses using AI alternatively referred to as “large language models” (LLM) such as ChatGPT (“AI Tools”). Some parts of our Site allow use of AI Tools to help you research products and provide estimates.  You don’t have to use these AI Tools and we’ll always let you know which of our Services use AI Tools. We’ll use the minimum amount of personal information required to enable responses to be generated. The AI Tools should be used in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions
.
4.7. To meet any
legal obligation
and/or to
prevent or detect crime
– for example, if a court or regulator, Governmental, compliance or law enforcement agency requires us to disclose your personal information; if it is necessary for us to disclose your personal information in connection with legal proceedings; or in order to prevent fraud and money laundering, which might involve disclosure to a fraud prevention agency. See section 5 for more detail on the parties we might disclose your personal information to for these purposes.
4.8. To enable a
sale or potential sale of all or part of our business
.
Some of the purposes listed above may involve us placing “cookies” or other tracking technologies on our Site; for more information on cookies and the purposes for which we place them, see Section 9.
Please also refer to the section on online advertising at section 10, which provides more detail on our advertising-related personalisation activities.
5.
Who is your personal information shared with?
5.1. When you use any of our Services, we may share your personal information other entities within the
MONY Group
(as detailed at section 1.1 above). The MONY Group operates a shared IT infrastructure which includes shared technologies, platforms, systems and tools. Your personal information may be shared with other MONY Group entities as a result of this shared infrastructure. We implement shared security measures on this system which comply with data protection law and ensure that there are adequate internal controls to keep the personal information secure. This information might be used and analysed in order to improve products and services across the Group. However, the different entities will not use your personal information to send you direct marketing or target you with advertising if you’ve opted out of receiving this (see section 4.3.1 above). We’ll never share your personal information with third parties for the purpose of allowing them to send you direct marketing;
5.2. When you use any of our Services, we may also share your personal information with the following third parties:
5.2.1.
our channel operators (i.e., operators we partner with to help run certain aspects of our Sites and our Services)
so that they may use this information in accordance with section 4 above. Where our channel operators collect your personal information on a channel that is maintained by them, they will be acting as a controller of that personal information. As mentioned in section 2.3 above, we may also receive your personal information from our channel operators and use it in accordance with this policy. You can see a list of our channel operators including a link to their websites
here
.
5.2.2.
our product partners whose products or services are included on our Site:
5.2.2.1. in order to display quotes on the Site we will send your personal information to our panel of
product partners
who provide the products you are requesting a quote for.  We need to send them your personal information so that they can generate a quote for us to display on the Site.  When these companies use your personal information in this way, they will be acting as controllers of your personal information which means that they are in charge of how they handle your personal information. Please see section 6 of this policy which includes further detail about how our product partners process your personal information as controllers (including any third party sources they obtain your personal information from);
5.2.2.2. in order to make our
eligibility checker service
available to you, your personal information will be sent to our panel of product partners who provide credit card and loan services including Capital One Bank (Europe) plc (
Capital One
), Shawbrook Bank Limited (
Shawbrook
), Admiral Financial Services Limited (
Admiral
), Hastings Financial Services Limited (
Hastings
), Mitsubishi HC Capital UK PLC Trading as Novuna Consumer Finance (
Novuna
), Lendable Operations Limited (
Lendable
), Oakbrook Finance Limited (
Oakbrook
) and Zopa Bank Limited (
Zopa
) so that we can show you which credit cards or loans that you’re most likely to be accepted for (see also section 7 for detail on how your personal information may be shared with our service provider HD (Experian)
,
Qualifi and other credit reference agencies selected by certain credit card and loan product partners, to provide the eligibility checker service);
5.2.2.3. if you choose to click through to any of our product partners to submit an application, to make it easier for you to complete your application we may pass the personal information you provide on the Site to those product partners to
pre-populate fields
on their website to save you having to input your information again;
5.2.2.4. on some of our journeys you can
apply and purchase our partners’ products
on our Site
(for example energy products, travel insurance and life insurance).  When you purchase a product on our Site, any contract will be entered into between you and the relevant product partner and so we will pass your personal information to them;
5.2.2.5. if you
click through to any of our product partners' websites, provide them with additional information on their websites, and/or if you decide to purchase a product
from any of our product partners then they will be controllers of your personal information and you should read their own privacy policy which you should find on their website.
5.2.2.6. You can see a list of our product partners in the "Who does Moneysupermarket work with" section of our
"About us"
page.
5.2.3.
other third party service providers
that we engage to help us provide certain services and/or functionality including:
5.2.3.1. LifeSearch Limited who will process your personal information to provide a fully or partially underwritten life insurance quote and to deal with enquiries relating to your policy, statistical purposes, claims management, and the prevent and detection of fraud. LifeSearch will share your personal information with dedicated insurance companies who sit on their panel."
5.2.3.2.
market research agencies
who may contact you on our behalf in order to ask you to assist us with our research;
5.2.3.3. our service providers who help us to
fulfil offers that you have applied or qualified for
; for example, if you qualify for any of our incentives or rewards from certain service providers;
5.2.3.4. our service providers who help us to provide
customer insight products
to enable subscribers to develop and improve their products for you;
5.2.3.5. our service providers who help us by
providing your supplier details and energy usage
when you run an energy journey, allowing us to find energy deals based on this information;
5.2.3.6. our service providers (including, but not limited to automated decision-making software) who assist us with the
processing of customer queries
;
5.2.3.7. if you switch energy suppliers with us, to keep you informed as to the status of your switch, our third party partners who help us to
facilitate your application to switch energy partners and to keep you updated as to the status of your switch
, as well as the energy partners themselves.  Please see our
Terms and Conditions
for more information on our Energy Monitor services;
5.2.3.8.
the DVLA and DVSA
- if you give us your driving licence number when obtaining a
motor insurance quote
, it may be submitted by us or our product partners to the DVLA MyLicence service in order to verify the status of your (or any named driver's) licence and entitlement along with any relevant restriction information, endorsement and/or conviction data. The insurers may carry out the searches themselves or we may perform them and then pass the results to the insurers.  These driving licence searches may be made when you first use our Services and subsequently throughout the duration of your insurance policy. These searches will not show on your (or your named driver's) DVLA driving licence record. Carrying out these searches may help insurers to prevent fraud and reduce the need for insurers to cancel policies for negligent misrepresentation and non-disclosure of important information.  For details of the information about you that the DVLA may hold, please see
www.viewdrivingrecord.service.gov.uk
;
5.2.3.9.
third party credit reference agencies
and
service providers who enable our eligibility checker services
(see section 6 below for more information).
5.2.4.
public sector sources
-if you run a car insurance journey on our Site and confirm you have the relevant vehicle we can match your car registration number with
public sector information
to obtain the dates that your car tax and MOT will need renewing so that we can add these dates to your homepage for you to see next time you log in and send you car tax and MOT reminders via email before these falls due.  This car tax and MOT information is accessed by us from public sector information under the terms of the
Open Government Licence 3.0
. MoneySuperMarket does not warrant the accuracy of any information relating to your vehicle’s MOT and tax status and does not accept any liability for any inaccurate information accessed by it in this way.
5.2.5. Where permitted or required by
law or regulation
, we may also disclose information about you (including electronic identifiers such as IP addresses) and/or access your account in order to comply with legal or regulatory requirements for example:
5.2.5.1. if required to do so by any court, to
the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, Governmental or law enforcement agency
;
5.2.5.2. if necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings, to the applicable
court or law enforcement authority, or party to the proceedings
;
5.2.5.3. in connection with the sale or potential sale of all or part of our business, to the
actual or proposed buyer and their professional service providers/other authorised individuals
who are under obligations of confidentiality; and/or
5.2.5.4. if we reasonably believe false or inaccurate information has been provided and fraud is suspected, details may be passed to
fraud prevention agencies
to prevent fraud and money laundering.
5.2.6 certain providers of promotions if you consent to participating in one of our prize draws or other competitions.
6.
In more detail: Use of your personal information by our product partners
6.1.
Providing a quote:
In order to provide you with a quote, our product partners may exchange information about you with other companies and/or carry out checks with various databases
.
Our product partners act as controllers in respect of this use of personal information
. This means that they determine why and how your personal information is being processed for their own purposes. Please see section 5 above for a list of our product partners and links to their privacy policies.
We have set out below some of the common ways that product partners will share and use your information:
6.1.1. Some of our product partners will use your personal information to
assess your circumstances
(including information about any third party who is named on the policy) and verify the information that you have provided before providing a quote to you;
6.1.2. Some product partners may carry out checks with
fraud prevention
and
credit reference agencies
, both when you first run your quote and when we run an annual renewal quote. Insurers generally run these checks to ensure that they and credit partners have the necessary facts to assess your insurance risk, verify your identity, help prevent fraud, and provide you with their best premium and payment options.  If product partners do these checks, they will be quotation searches only and do not show up on your credit report in the same way that a ‘hard’ check does, but will be visible to other organisations. Both public data (e.g. the electoral roll) and private data (e.g. your personal credit history) may be checked in this way;
6.1.3. Some product partners may carry out
checks against data they already hold on you
, (or is held by the company whose brand they administer the product for, or members of their group of companies) such as data from existing products, account data, data from previous product transactions, accounts you may hold with them or loyalty scheme data to share with insurers in order to determine your premium;
6.1.4.  Our product partners may also use the personal information relating to your quotes and your personal information
to create and improve the products and services they offer and to develop and improve their processes
, credit risk systems, and policies, so they can better meet the needs of their customers;
6.1.5. Our product partners may also exchange personal information with
certain industry databases
such as the No Claims Discount Database, the Motor Insurance Anti-Fraud and Theft Register, the Claims and Underwriting Exchange (which holds records of incidents reported to insurers that may or may not have resulted in a claim) and the Hunter Database (a central insurance and claims checking system).  If our product partners carry out these searches, a record of the search will appear on your credit report;
6.1.6.  Some of our product partners may also check
public and private higher education sources
to obtain information about your educational background; and
6.1.7. Our product partners may also share information with
insurance underwriters
. These checks are not unique to users of our Services - they may also be carried out if you obtain quotes from other sources.
This information exchange allows our product partners to verify the information that is provided during the quote process (including information about any third party who is named on the policy), and also helps to detect fraudulent claims.
6.2.
Entering into a contract:
If you decide to enter into a contract with one of our product partners through any of the Sites, the information you have provided to us, together with any further information requested by, and supplied by you or us to the product partner, will be held by the product partner for the purposes set out in their privacy policy and as above
they will act as a controller of your personal information
. Therefore,
you are strongly advised to read your chosen product partner's privacy policy
and satisfy yourself as to the purposes for which the product partner will use your personal information before entering into the contract. We have no responsibility for the uses to which a product partner puts your personal information.
7.
In more detail: Credit Information Services & Soft Credit Checks
7.1.
‘Soft’ credit checks
7.1.1. When you use some of our Services a ‘soft’ credit check may be carried out against your credit report in order to (i) assess your financial and insurance profile; (ii) verify your identity; and/or (iii) to help prevent fraud.  The credit reference agencies may keep a record of the search and you may see this recorded against your credit file but these ‘soft’ credit checks have no impact on your credit rating. ‘Soft’ credit checks are visible on your credit report but do not show up in the same way as a 'hard' check. These ‘soft’ credit checks are not carried out by us but by the chosen credit reference agencies of our service providers or panel members as described below;
7.1.2. The
scenarios
where a ‘soft’ credit check may be performed are as follows:
7.1.2.1. to enable our
eligibility checker services
(see section 7.1.3.1 below);
7.1.2.2. to provide you with your credit history including your credit score and credit report when you use the
Credit Score Services
(see section 4.2.2 and 7.1.3.2 below for more information);
7.1.2.3. on some of our
mortgage journeys
run by our mortgage channel operator
, Podium,
including: (i) to enable our
mortgage account number retrieval service
(see section 7.1.3.4 below for more information); and (ii) if you apply for a decision in principle from some of our lender partners as part of our re-mortgage journey (when your chosen lender will carry out a soft credit check);
7.1.2.4. our product partners will also carry out checks with credit reference agencies when they generate a quote for comparison both at the time you
request a quote
and at
renewal
. You should read their privacy policy for more information on how they carry out these checks (see 5.2.2 for further information).
7.1.3. Where a ‘soft’ credit check is performed as part of our Services they are carried out by the following:
7.1.3.1. if you use our
eligibility checker services
then your information will be shared with
HD
and for secured loans
Qualifi's
(our trusted service providers) and some of our credit card and loans partners including Capital One,  Shawbrook, Admiral, Hastings, Novuna, Lendable, Oakbrook and Zopa. These in turn partner with the following UK credit reference agencies: TransUnion and Experian Ltd (
Experian
) from time to time.  If you use our eligibility services, a credit report will be generated by carrying out a 'soft' credit check.  The ‘soft’ credit checks will be used by HD, Qualifi's and the other partners mentioned above, to match against those partners' own lending criteria. This information will be used to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan. Note that your credit report will not be provided to you directly and we will not receive it either unless you use our Credit Score Services.  For further information about how your details will be used please see the rest of our Privacy Policy
,
HD’s
and
Qualifi's
and our credit and loan partners own privacy policy and terms and conditions;
7.1.3.2. If you use our
Credit Score Services,
we will pass on your personal information to
TransUnion
and your credit history and related information will be obtained from them. References to “TransUnion” in this Privacy Policy mean TransUnion International UK Limited (company number 0496832), which is part of the TransUnion Information Group.  TransUnion is a credit reference agency authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 737740, whose registered office is at One Park Lane, West Yorkshire, LS3 1EP. Authorisation can be checked on the Financial Services Register at
www.fca.org.uk
. To find out more about TransUnion, please visit
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer-solutions/help/credit-reference-agency
.  Any county court judgment information that we give to you is also provided by TransUnion. The Credit Score Services will leave ‘soft’ credit checks, which are visible to you on your credit report but do not show up to other organisations in the same way as a 'hard' check.  For further information about how your information will be used please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and our
Terms and Conditions
. Please also read TransUnion's own
privacy policy
for information about how they obtain, use, and share your personal information;
7.1.3.3. We also use
TransUnion
’s services as part of our identity verification procedures. Please see their separate
Bureau Privacy Notice
for more information about this;
7.1.3.4. If you use the mortgage account number retrieval service available on some of our
Mortgage Journeys
then your mortgage account number will be obtained from
Experian
by carrying out a soft credit check.  Our mortgage channel operator,
Podium
, will pass your information to Experian to enable this service. Please see
Experian’s terms
for more information on how they use your details and you can find Podium’s terms
here
.
7.1.4. Many of our product partners will also carry out checks with credit reference agencies when they generate a quote for comparison both at the time you
request a quote
and at
renewal
. You should read their privacy policy for more information on how they carry out these checks, which will include their selection (as controller) of their own credit reference agencies to use for these purposes.
8.
What are our legal grounds for processing your personal information?
We will only collect and use your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  Our legal grounds for processing your personal information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy are as follows:
8.1.
Performance of a contract
– In order to provide you with the Services and manage your account we will: (i) share your personal information with or search the websites of our product partners to get you the quotes and/or access information required to provide you with the relevant Service from our third party partners (including our eligibility checker, Credit Score or insurance renewal services, which may result in a ‘soft’ credit search); (ii) process any transaction between you and a third party; (iii) manage, run and administer your account; (iv) send you an automatic confirmation email of your quote when you enter your personal information to receive a quote on our Site; (v) If you apply for an offer or incentive through the Site, we will also use your personal information to assess your eligibility and subject to availability, fulfil the offer or incentive where the eligibility criteria has been met. When we do these activities we are processing your personal information because it is necessary to perform the contract that we have in place with you to provide you with our Services, or to take steps at your request in order to enter into a contract with you.
8.2.
Consent
– We will use and process your personal information where you have told us you are happy for us to process it for a specific purpose(s), for example: (i) through consenting to cookies placed for certain advertising purposes (for more information on our use of cookies, see section 9); and (ii) consenting to conduct certain “audience” based targeting services by social media platform providers (see section 10).
You are able to withdraw your consent at any time (which will not affect the legal basis for the processing prior to your withdrawal of such consent).
8.3.
Legitimate Interests
– We may use and process some of your personal information where the benefits of doing it are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of individuals. Under UK privacy laws, this is called the “legitimate interests” condition for processing your personal information. Our legitimate interests for processing your personal information are:
8.3.1. to monitor and communicate with you about the Services.  It is in our legitimate interest to keep you informed about your use of the Services in order to improve our Services, for example:
informing you of your annual renewal quotes via your account dashboard (see section 4.1.7 for further information on these services);
if you have logged into our Site or created an account (including through our Apps) and run a car insurance enquiry with us and you confirm that you have the relevant vehicle, we will show you when your car tax, MOT or insurance are due for renewal next time you log in and visit your homepage (see section 7 of our
Terms and Conditions
for further information on these services);
if you have logged into our Site or created an account (including through our Apps) and run an energy enquiry with us, keeping you informed via an account dashboard of energy deals available on the market through a range of suppliers and informing you of the progress of your application to switch energy supplier (see section 9 of our
Terms and Conditions
for further information on these services);
if you have logged into our Site or created an account (including through our Apps) and complete an energy switch with us we will save your application information via YourAccount/Dashboard to enable you to quickly switch energy suppliers when your tariff ends; and
8.3.2.  marketing: to tell you about products, services and insights which we think may be of interest to you, for online advertising (see section 10), to develop marketing content and enhance our marketing strategies. We won't send you marketing communications if you tell us not to;
8.3.3. to personalise and improve our Services, for example, we may undertake analysis and profiling on your personal information to personalise aspects of our service, including to personalise recommendations to you and others on other websites, such as social networks; and to streamline aspects of our service such as address look-up and the pre-population of forms. We constantly aim to improve our Services to you, and using your personal information in this way helps us to do this. We do not consider that these activities would produce legal effects, or have similarly significant effects on you;
8.3.4. for market research, analysis and product improvement, including to produce the customer insight products described at section 4.4.3 which are available to subscribers. These activities help us to regularly review and improve the products and services we or our partners provide. Where possible data that we use/provide in this way will be in an anonymised or pseudonymised format;
8.3.5. to help facilitate the sale or potential sale of all or part of our business. This enables us to achieve our strategic objectives and to enable the long-term commercial success of our company.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information for these legitimate interests.  If you raise an objection we will stop processing your personal information unless an exemption under UK data protection law applies, in which case we will let you know why we are continuing to process your personal information.  Please contact our Data Request Team at:
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
if you wish to exercise this right, see section 13 below for further information on your personal information rights.
8.4.
Legal obligation
– We may be required to process your personal information in order to comply with a legal obligation on us; for example, an obligation to disclose the information to a court or regulator, Governmental, compliance or law enforcement agency, or in connection with legal proceedings; or in order to prevent fraud and money laundering, which might involve disclosure to a fraud prevention agency. We may also be required to process certain personal information about you in order to respond to (and verify we are able to respond to) a data subject rights request that you have submitted.
9.
What cookies do we use?
9.1. A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer or device. Cookies help us to:
understand browsing habits on the Site;
respond to you as an individual by tailoring our operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences;
monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not; and
understand the number of visitors so that we can analyse data about web traffic which helps us improve our Sites.
9.2. For more information on the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
10.
What advertisements do we show on our Site and what online advertising do we use?
10.1.
Advertisements on our Site
- The advertisements that you see displayed on our Site are delivered on our behalf by certain third-party advertising companies. Although cookies may collect personal information about you such as unique identifiers, no personal information that
directly
identifies you, such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number, is used to provide this advertising. In order to display advertising most likely to be relevant to you, these third-party advertisers may place or recognise a unique cookie on your browser, either on different websites that you visit or on our Site. You will be asked to give your opt-in consent to any cookies placed for advertising purposes on our Site before any such cookies are placed, as described in our
Cookie Policy
. It is also possible to block cookies by adjusting your browser settings, as mentioned in our
Cookie Policy
.
10.2. If you would like more information about online advertisements and your choices about how this information may be used by these companies, please click here
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
.
10.3. The Site has also implemented and used Display Advertising using Google Analytics which permits advertisements and remarketing to be served on third-party websites across the internet relating to a search made on the Site. The Site and third parties, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies to inform, optimise and serve such advertisements. It is also possible to block cookies by adjusting your browser settings, as mentioned in our
Cookie Policy
. You can also opt-out of or customise, these advertisements using the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
.
10.4.
Online Advertisements
- If you consent us contacting you for marketing purposes, we may disclose a de-identified version of your personal information such as your name, telephone number, and email address (we use a process called hashing means that the third party does not receive a plain text version of your personal information to protect your details) to third-party providers including affiliate marketing platforms like AWIN to enable them to display our marketing to you via online streaming services, search engines, or social media sites; or to other users who have similar interests or are from a similar demographic as you. See the Awin privacy policy at
https://www.awin.com/gb/privacy
, which explains how they collect and use your personal information.
11.
How secure is our Site and what steps do we take to keep you safe?
11.1. Your personal information’s security is very important to us. This is why, where it’s appropriate, our Site uses HTTPS to help keep information about you secure. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Certain information, for example, your credit card details, is encrypted to minimise the risk of interception during transit.
11.2. You may complete a registration process when you sign up to use parts of the Site. This may include the creation of a username, password, and/or other identification information. Any such details should be kept confidential by you and should not be disclosed to or shared with anyone. To protect your account, we ask you to choose a strong password to access your information on our Site. A strong password should be lengthy and include a mixture of letters and numbers. Your password can only be reset with access to the email address registered in our system.
11.3. It might sometimes be necessary for us or our suppliers to transfer your personal information outside of the UK either within the European Economic Area (EEA); or outside of the EEA. However, we will only transfer your personal information out of the UK to a jurisdiction which has not been determined by the UK government as being “adequate” for data protection purposes if we have put in place appropriate safeguards and protections as stated under UK law for example by the use of a data-transfer agreement incorporating either the UK’s international data transfer agreement or addendum which have been approved by the UK government in accordance with the UK GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018.
12. How can you amend your preferences?
12.1. Any electronic marketing or communications from MoneySuperMarket services we send you will include clear and concise instructions to follow should you wish to unsubscribe at any time. You may also amend your marketing preferences by accessing your personal details via YourAccount/Dashboard, via the link received in emails, or by emailing us at
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
.
12.2. To turn off communications from the MoneySuperMarket App, you can go to your MoneySuperMarket App settings or follow the links included at the bottom of the emails you have received (simply deleting the MoneySuperMarket App will not stop these emails).
12.3. To turn off communications from our Credit Score service, please email
creditmonitor@moneysupermarket.com
(simply deleting the App will not stop these emails).
12.4. Should you no longer wish to be contacted by us, you can advise us by contacting our Customers services team on
customerservices@moneysupermarket.com
12.4.1. If you no longer wish to be contacted by partners for marketing purposes, please follow the instructions in their marketing communications, or consult their privacy policies for further information about unsubscribing.
12.5. Please bear in mind that it may take a little while for all marketing to stop once you either tell us you’d like to opt out of marketing or withdraw your consent. Marketing may already be in transit to you, in which case we may not be able to immediately stop it.
12.6. If you would like us to stop processing your personal information with respect to any of the services we are providing to you, please email us at
datarequests@moneysupermarket.com
, specifying that you no longer wish us to provide you with the relevant service or to process your personal information as part of such service.
13. Your personal information rights and how to contact us
13.1. You have certain rights under data protection legislation in relation to the personal information that we hold about you including:
13.1.1.
Right to access
- The right to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Sometimes this is referred to as a DSAR (data subject access request). We’ll ask you to describe the information you require, as well as letting us know about any other email addresses you’ve used on our Site, to enable us to trace your personal information. Depending on the nature of your request, we may also ask you for your full name, your date of birth, and your full address and documents to allow us to verify your identity. Requests for copies of your personal information will be dealt with within one calendar month, unless your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests.  In these circumstances it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond;
13.1.2.
Right to correct
- The right to have your personal information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Requests for us to correct your personal information will be dealt with within one month, unless your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests.  In these circumstances, it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond. If we believe that your personal information is accurate, we will let you know that that we will not be amending your personal information and why. As mentioned above our product partners will be acting as data controller of any of the personal information that they hold, so we will not be able rectify any such information, you should contact them directly;
13.1.3.
Right to erasure of your information
-
The right to request that we delete or remove your personal information from our systems.  Data protection legislation gives exceptions to this right which, if applicable, we will explain in our response to you;
13.1.4.
Right to restrict our use of your information
- In some circumstances you can  ‘block’ us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it, for example while we investigate a complaint that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate;
13.1.5.
Right to data portability
- The right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information to a specified third party, or to you, in a machine-readable and structured format (e.g. CSV files). There are exemptions – for example, this only applies to personal information which has been provided directly from you, which is held in digital format, and which we process with your consent or to fulfil a contract with you;
13.1.6.
Right to object
- The right to object to our use of your personal information including where we use it for our legitimate interests or where we use your personal information to carry out profiling to inform our market research and customer demographics. If you raise an objection we will stop processing your personal information unless an exemption under UK data protection law applies, in which case we will let you know why we’re continuing to process your personal information;
13.2. To make an enquiry, or exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy please contact our Data Requests Team by clicking
here
. Alternatively, you can email us at
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
.
13.3. If you are not satisfied with the way any complaint you make in relation to your personal information is handled by us then you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection regulator which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
).
13.4. This Privacy Policy shall be governed and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
14. How long do we keep your personal information?
14.1. We will only hold your personal information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or until you request it is deleted (unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law).
14.2. Generally, you can expect us to keep your personal information while you use the Site or if you have an active account with us.  Where you have applied for or purchased products or services via the Site we will need to keep your personal information for longer for accounting purposes - up to six (6) years following the date on which it is provided to us.
14.3. If, having registered for any of our Services, you do not use them for a reasonable time (which may vary depending on the Service(s) you’ve registered for) we may contact you to ensure you’re still happy to receive communications from us.
14.4. If one of our product partners processes your personal information in order to provide you with a quote they will be acting as a controller but they should only hold that personal information for so long as is reasonable in relation to providing you with that quote.
14.5. If you purchase a product then the service provider will keep your personal information in accordance with their own retention periods and so you should check their own privacy policy for further information.
14.6. Even if you delete or ask us to delete your personal information it may persist on backup or archival media for legal, tax, or regulatory purposes.
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy
15.1. We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be published on the Site. The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page. If we make significant changes to this policy, we may also notify you by other means such as sending you an email.  If you do not agree with any changes please do not continue to use the Site.
Last updated October 2024
In this guide / article
SUMMARY
1. Who are we?
2. How do we collect personal information?
3. What personal information do we collect?
10.  What advertisements do we show on our Site and what online advertising do we use?
4. How do we use your personal information?
5.  Who is your personal information shared with?
6.  In more detail: Use of your personal information by our product partners
7.  In more detail: Credit Information Services & Soft Credit Checks
8.  What are our legal grounds for processing your personal information?
9.  What cookies do we use?
10.  What advertisements do we show on our Site and what online advertising do we use?
11.  How secure is our Site and what steps do we take to keep you safe?
12. How can you amend your preferences?
13. Your personal information rights and how to contact us
14. How long do we keep your personal information?
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Show
more
Your privacy, your choice
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised adverts or content and analyse our traffic and performance.  
        Learn exactly how we do this in our
cookie policy.
By clicking ‘Accept all’ you’re agreeing to our use of all cookies.
        You can manage your preferences by selecting ‘Let me choose’.
Accept all
Reject all
Let me choose
Sub-policy 2
https://decision.tech/privacy-policy/:
Home
Products
Markets
About us
Careers
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Decision Technologies Limited ("DTL", "us" or "we") respects the privacy of every individual whose personal information it handles. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store and use personal information.
Personal Information of Business Contacts
If you have had contact with DTL, for example through emailing us or meeting a DTL representative, we may store limited amounts of personal information relating to you, such as your name, job title, employer organisation and contact details. We will collect and store this personal information for the purposes of:
managing our business relationship with the organisation that you represent, including communicating with your organisation and negotiating, concluding and performing business transactions with your organisation, such as partnering with your organisation or;
managing our business arrangements, including to assess and report on the effectiveness of our business relationship with your organisation;
ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations to which we are subject, including those which require us to keep records of business transactions with your organisation;
ensuring compliance with contractual obligations which we have assumed to your organisation, including those which require us to notify your organisation of matters; and
conducting any audit or investigation into our business dealings with your organisation, responding to any regulatory investigations commenced (or likely to be commenced) into DTL in relation to such business dealings or managing any legal claims brought (or likely to be brought) by or against DTL in relation to such business dealings.
The personal information we hold about business contacts may be shared with:
third parties where we are legally obliged to do so, for example to government bodies and regulatory authorities and to the courts and parties to legal proceedings pursuant to court rules and orders;
third party suppliers and service providers to DTL, for example professional advisers, such as accountants, lawyers, or other consultants and third parties who are used by us to perform processing activities, such as software providers and payment service providers; and
other companies in the MONY Group for the purposes of improving products and services. The MONY Group includes MoneySuperMarket, MoneySavingExpert, Decision Technologies, CYTI, Travelsupermarket, Quidco, Icelolly and Podium.
In accordance with Data Protection Laws, our legal basis for collecting and storing personal information about you is that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in running and promoting our business.
Save where we process your personal information to comply with a legal duty, we process your personal information on the basis of our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are to achieve all those purposes above that do not relate to complying with a legal duty.
Where we process your personal information only on the basis of our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to our use of your personal information. However, we do not have to stop processing personal data where we have compelling grounds that override your interests, or where we need to process your data in order to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Where we process your personal data because we have a legal obligation to do so, there is no right to object.
Visitors to the DTL Website
When you visit DTL's website, we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information including web usage information (e.g. IP address), browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) clickstream to, through and from our website, time on page, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods to browse away from the page (see '
Cookies
').
Enquiry Form
If you wish to contact us using the 'enquiry form' on the website, you will need to provide your name and email address. We have no legal obligation to collect this personal information about you, but we need to collect these details to enable us to consider and respond to your request.  The personal information may be shared with subsidiaries, suppliers, sub-contractors and legal and professional advisers in order to assist us in considering and responding to your request.
Mandatory Provision of Information
We will explain to you when the provision of particular information is mandatory, including the possible consequences of not providing particular information, for example, preventing us from proceeding with a transaction involving you or responding to your request. We will only process the personal information you provide to us for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy.
International Transfers of Personal Information
We, our subsidiaries and/or third parties who process your personal information on our behalf may do so in countries outside of the UK either within the European Economic Area ('EEA'); or outside of the EEA, such as the U.S. and store it there. Where we or our subsidiaries/third parties transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we will ensure that those transfers take place in accordance with Data Protection Laws, including by entering into data transfer agreements with recipients.
Retention of Personal Information
The period for which DTL will retain personal information will vary depending on the purposes that it was collected for, as well as the requirements of any applicable law or regulation.
Your Rights
Individuals whose personal information we hold are entitled to access their personal information, or to request that it is erased, that its processing is restricted, or that any inaccurate personal information is rectified. You may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information, or in some circumstances to obtain a copy of the personal information in machine readable format. Any such request should be submitted in writing to
dpo@decision.tech
.  Individuals also have the right to complain about the use of their personal information to the Supervisory Authority, the ICO (
www.ico.org.uk
).
Where we use your personal data because we have a legal obligation to do so or to perform a contract with you, there is no right to object to the processing of your personal information.
If you are a customer or user of our customer facing brands,
MoneySuperMarket
,
MoneySavingExpert
,
TravelSupermarket
or
Quidco
, please refer to the privacy policies on their respective websites for the relevant contact details.
Accuracy and Security
DTL will take all reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and, where necessary, up to date. If you believe that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect please notify us (see "MONY Group Financial Limited Data Privacy Contacts" below).
DTL will take all reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information online over the Internet and will not hold DTL responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to DTL's negligence or wilful default.
This website may contain hypertext links to external websites. Once you leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that website. Therefore, DTL is not responsible for and accepts no liability in relation to these websites or their contents. You should read any applicable privacy policy on any such website.
MONY Group Finacial Limited Data Privacy Contacts
For all enquires relating to DTL, please email
DPO@decision.tech
or write to:
DPO, MONY Group Financial Limited, MONY Group House , St David's Park, Ewloe, CH5 3UZ.
If you are a customer or user of our customer facing brands,
MoneySuperMarket
,
MoneySavingExpert
,
TravelSupermarket
or
Quidco
, please refer to the privacy policies on their respective websites for the relevant contact details.
Updates to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be published on the site. The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page. If you do not agree with any changes please do not continue to use the Site.
This Privacy Policy is effective from 30th April 2024 and was last updated on 30th April 2024.
Sub-policy 3
https://termsandconditions.hdd2.co.uk/Policy/:
Experian Privacy Policy for MSE Credit Club
Effective date: 8th April 2020
This policy
We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect from you and how we use it.
We encourage you to read this policy thoroughly. To make it easier, we’ve
    broken it up into bite-size chunks and some longer sections.
Who is Experian and how can you contact us?
When we refer to
‘Experian’
in this Privacy Policy, we mean Experian Limited.
Experian is part of a group of companies whose parent company is listed on
    the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) as Experian plc. The Experian group of
    companies has its corporate HQ in Dublin, Ireland, and its operational HQs in
    Costa Mesa, California and Nottingham, UK. You can find out more about the
    Experian group on our website at
www.experianplc.com
.
If there’s anything you’re unsure about in this Privacy Policy, feel free to
    contact our Data Protection Officer at
UK.DPO@EXPERIAN.COM
What information we collect
We will need to ask you for certain personal information to give you the best
    possible experience when you engage with us (via our websites or otherwise)
    and when you use our products and services.
    We or our third parties will also collect other information about you and the
    devices you use to access our website. We do this by using technologies like
    cookies. See also our
Cookies Policy
Contact information
When you apply for Experian services from this website we will ask you
    to provide some contact information. Contact information may include
    some or all of the following: Full name, previous names, residential
    address, previous residential addresses, date of birth, landline phone
    number, mobile phone number and email address.
Security
For most of the services you select on our website, we will ask you to
    provide security information that only you will know. Security
    information may include some or all of the following: mother’s maiden
    name, password and memorable word.
Device
We also collect certain data automatically from your visit to our website
    or use of our services. This may include (but is not limited to) some or
    all of the following. How you connect to the internet (including IP
    address), how you engage with our site, screen resolution, browser data
    stored on your device (such as cookies – see also our Cookies policy),
    information about the device software you are using (such as internet
    browser) and location data (city, region of the IP address you used when
    accessing our services).
Personal information provided by third parties
Where you are eligible for our products or services through a third
    party (such as an added value bank account or insurance product), we
    may be provided with some of your personal information, this enables
    us to confirm your eligibility, update your details or cancel services you
    are no longer eligible for.
How we use your information
We use your personal information in lots of ways to make our products and
    services as effective as possible.
To enable you to access our website and use our services
We will use your information to accept you as a new/returning customer and
    continue to provide you with our products and services.
To let you know about significant changes to our products, terms or
        privacy policy
We will let you know by email, SMS, push notification or when you log in to
    the site if there are significant changes to our products, their features, our
    terms, or our privacy policy.
To confirm your identity and authenticate the information you
        provide
As part of providing our services to you we will confirm your identity and
    authenticate the information you provide for security purposes
Establishing your identity is important as the services may provide you with
    your personal credit information (such as your credit score or credit report)
    and we must be sure you are who you say you are. Identity checking may
    also involve checking the registration information you give us against
    information we already hold about you as a credit reference agency and
    potentially publicly available information about you such as from social media.
If we are unable to confirm your identity from the registration information you
    provide, we will let you know by using the contact details you have provided
    and you may then have the option to make a written application and provide
    further proof of your identity.
To provide and improve customer support
We will use your information to be able to provide and improve the customer
    support we provide to you (e.g. when you have questions or when you forget
    your log-in information).
To provide alerts
We will use your information to send you alerts where ‘Alerts’ are part of the
    service you ask us to provide e.g.
Where there are certain changes to your report or score.
To send you service communications
We will use your information to contact you to tell you about changes to or
    issues affecting the services you are taking.
Fraud investigation, detection and prevention
We may use your information for fraud investigation, detection and prevention
    measures and in order to provide suitable security for your account and your
    information that we hold (such as to enable us to prevent others logging in to
    your account without your permission from unknown devices).
Investigation, detection and prevention of crime
We may use your information for the investigation, detection and prevention of
    crime (other than fraud).
For internal training purposes
We will use your information to ensure that our team has the knowledge and
    expertise they need to ensure we provide the best possible experience to our
    customers when interacting with us.
Reporting and Analytical purposes
We will use your information for reporting and analytical purposes (e.g. how
    many of our customers are in the north or south of the country) to enable us
    to improve our products and services and provide appropriate levels of support
    to our customers.
To maintain our records and other administrative functions
Like any business, we need to ensure that we maintain comprehensive and
    up to date records of the ways we process your personal information and
    other operational activities and therefore we will process the information you
    provide for record-keeping, updates and general administrative purposes.
Complaint and dispute resolution
Whilst we will try to make sure that you are happy with the service we
    provide and do not feel the need to complain, if you do complain to us, we
    will use the information we have about you to help us manage your
    complaint.
To comply with the law
Like any other business, we are required to comply with many laws and
    regulations. We will, where necessary, use your personal data to the extent
    required to enable us to comply with these requirements.
To improve data accuracy and completeness
Personal information you provide to us may be used to improve the credit
    bureau information we already hold about you in our role as a credit
    reference agency. E.g. if you provide a different address or alias to the one
    we hold already we may store the new address or alias in the credit bureau
    information to aid quicker identification of you and ensure that lenders can
    see a full picture of you when making lending decisions, it also aids
    identification and verification in the credit application process.
The Eligibility Service
As part of this service, you will receive a list of products that you are eligible to apply for. In order to enable us to find the most suitable products for you we may use public information (including electoral roll and shared credit performance data) held by us and other Credit Reference Agencies. If you have a financial associate their data may also be provided.
It is important to note that, whilst we will provide you with information about the products which we think are most appropriate for you, there may be other products available from lenders who are not represented by this service.
How will CRAs handle your information?
When we do a credit search a quotation search footprint will be placed Won your Experian Credit Report. A quotation footprint cannot be seen by other lenders.
When we share your information with another CRA and they complete a credit search this will leave a quotation search footprint on your credit report with them. They will do this regardless of whether or not you decide to apply for the product.
Each time you log into Credit Club a quotation footprint will be left on your credit reports. This is to ensure that you are always presented with the most up to date and valid offers based on the most up to date credit report information.
Affordability Service
We will input your information (including information about your income and expenditure) into our calculator and mimic how lenders may calculate your affordability at the point you apply for credit with them.
At the point of registration a footprint will be left on your credit report, this will be a Credit Report footprint, and is not seen by lenders.
Your Experian Credit Score (if applicable to the service your Experian Credit Report) is updated every 30 days irrespective of the number of times you log into the Credit Club until you unsubscribe from the Credit Club. As a result of this update, a Credit Report footprint will be left on your Credit Report every 30 days following the initial registration, and none of these subsequent footprints will be seen by lenders.
Further uses of your personal information not described in this Privacy Policy
If we use your personal information for any purposes that are not set out in this Privacy Policy, we promise to let you know exactly what we will use it for before we go ahead and use it and obtain your consent where appropriate.
What are the legal grounds for handling personal information?
Data protection laws require that, where were process your personal data, we must satisfy at least one prescribed condition for processing. These are set out in data protection law and we rely on a number of different conditions for the activities we carry out.
Necessary for performance of a contract or to comply with law
In most cases, the information described above will be provided to us by you because you want to take services from us or engage with us and our use of your information will be governed by
contract terms
. Giving this information to us is therefore your choice. If you choose not to give all or some of it to us, this may affect our ability to provide the services you want, to you. In particular, we may rely on this condition for processing in the following scenarios:-
To enable you to access our website and use our services.
To let you know about significant changes to product, terms or privacy policy.
To confirm your identity and authenticate the information you provide.
To provide and improve customer support.
To provide alerts.
To send you service communications.
Consent
Where we collect other information from you such as when we use cookies to collect information about the device you use to access our website, or sometimes third parties collect it on our behalf. You will be asked to consent to this before using our website. If you choose not to give your consent, or you later remove your consent, this may affect our ability to provide the services you want, to you.
Necessary in our legitimate interests or those of a third party
In the United Kingdom, we can also use personal information where the benefits of doing it are not outweighed by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of individuals. The law calls this the “Legitimate Interests” condition for processing. Where we rely on it, the benefits being pursued by us are: -
Helping to prevent and detect crime such as fraud and money laundering.
Fraud and money laundering cost the British economy many billions of pounds every year. That cost is ultimately passed on to the public in the form of higher prices. By helping to avoid fraud such as identity theft, we help to stop this from happening.
Complying with/supporting compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
We must comply with various legal and regulatory requirements. Additionally, the services we provide help other organisations to comply with their own legal and regulatory obligations. For example, Experian is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Internal training purposes
– to enable us to train our staff to better provide services to our customers.
Running a marketing services and data business
– like any commercial organisation, we run a business and process information where necessary to do so. We also provide services to third parties which help them to run their businesses more effectively and efficiently. We have put in place various safeguards to ensure that individuals’ whose personal information we handle are not unduly harmed by the activities we use their personal data for. These include making information available to individuals so that they understand how their personal data will be used by Experian, explaining their rights to obtain the information we hold and to have their information corrected or restricted and providing information about how individuals can complain if they are dissatisfied.
Reporting and analytic purposes
– to provide management information and information to improve our services.
Tracking activity
– to help us to improve our services.
To maintain our records and other administrative purpose
– to enable Experian to provide the most accurate data for our customers and clients.
Complaint and dispute resolution
– we will need to use customer data when looking into queries and complaints.
To improve data accuracy and completeness
– when you register for our services you may supply us with additional information about yourself which we will use to improve our data accuracy and completeness.
Email tracking
– in order to improve our communications to our customers.
Invitations to participate in market research
– in order to improve the service we offer to customers, we may ask you to participate in research from time to time. It is entirely up to you whether you choose to do so.
Who we share your personal information with
We share your personal information only with those persons who need to handle it so we can provide the Experian products and services you’ve signed up to. We also share it with companies within the Experian group who manage some parts of the services for us; with suppliers who provide services to us which require access to your personal information only; and with resellers, distributors and agents involved in delivering the services we provide where necessary for them to do so.
Lastly, we may also provide your personal information to fraud prevention agencies. This is to protect the Experian group of companies and our customers, to keep our systems secure, or where it’s necessary to protect either yours or our best interests.
The following section explains more about who and why we share your information with others.
Group companies
As a member of the Experian group of companies, we can benefit from the large IT infrastructure and expertise that exists within our business. This means that the personal data you provide to us may be accessed by members of our group of companies for support and administrative purposes.
Suppliers
We use a number of service providers to support our business and these service providers may have access to our systems in order to provide services to us and/or to you on our behalf.
Fraud prevention agencies
The personal information we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance, or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies can be obtained by writing to us at Experian Ltd, PO Box 8000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF.
We and other organisations may access and use the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies from other countries.
More information about your rights in relation to the personal data we hold can be found in the 'Your rights to how we use your personal information' section of this Privacy Policy.
Public bodies, law enforcement and regulators
The police and other law enforcement agencies, as well as public bodies such as local and central authorities can sometimes request personal information. This may be for the purposes of preventing or detecting crime, apprehending or prosecuting offenders, assessing or collecting tax, investigating complaints or assessing how well a particular industry sector is working.
Brokers, lenders and providers of credit and financial products
In some circumstances, we will share credit report information and your personal information (such as name and address) with brokers, lenders and providers of credit and financial products themselves for purposes that may include:
verifying your eligibility for the products;
verifying suitability of products;
those set out in the lender’s terms and conditions and/or its privacy policy relevant to the product you are searching for;
assisting you in completing your application to the lender (which may include pre-populating the application form on their website);
contacting you regarding credit and financial products; and complying with any contractual, legal and/or regulatory obligations.
Individuals
You can obtain a copy of the information we hold about you. See section
Your rights to how we use your personal information
for further information on how you can do this.
Where in the world do we send information?
Experian is based in the UK, which is where our main databases are. We also operate elsewhere in and outside the European Economic Area, so we may access your personal information from and transfer it to these locations as well. Don’t worry though, any personal information we access from or transfer to these locations is protected by European data protection standards.
While countries in the European Economic Area all ensure rigorous data protection laws, there are parts of the world that may not be quite so rigorous and don’t provide the same quality of legal protection when it comes to your personal information.
To make sure we keep your personal information safe, we apply strict safeguards when transferring it overseas. For example:
Sending your personal information to countries approved by the European Commission as having high quality data protection laws, such as Switzerland, Canada and the Isle of Man.
Putting in place a contract that has been approved by the European Commission with the recipient of your personal information that provides a suitable level of high quality protection.
Sending your personal information to a member organisation approved by the European Commission as providing a suitable level of high quality protection. For example, the Privacy Shield Scheme that exists in the US.
Your rights to how we use your personal information
It is important that you understand your rights in relation to your personal information and how you can contact us if you have questions or concerns.
If you’ve given us consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us on
UK.DPO@EXPERIAN.COM
. You can also make changes to that preference in your Experian account.

    You can also ask for access to the personal information we hold about you and request that we correct any mistakes, restrict or stop processing or delete it. We will assess your request and subject to legal or overriding requirements to keep it we will act on your request, but please note that this does not mean that we will delete negative information about you if it is confirmed to be correct.

    If that is the case, we will explain why. To request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting us
https://www.experian.co.uk/consumer/data-access
. or write to Experian Ltd, PO Box 9000, Nottingham, NG80 7WP

    In certain circumstances (e.g. where you provide your information to us (a) with consent to process it or (b) where the processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you) you can require that we provide the information we hold about you either to you or a third party in a commonly used format. This only applies if we are processing it using automation only.  If you would like more information about this, let us know by contacting us at
UK.DPO@EXPERIAN.COM
.
Problems with how we handle your information or rights
We will try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you think we are falling short of that commitment, please let us know by contacting us at
UK.DPO@EXPERIAN.COM
. You may also see our full
complaints handling procedure
and how to make a complaint.
If you’re still unhappy with any aspect of how we handle your personal information you also have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the supervisory authority that regulates the handling of personal information in the UK. You can contact them by:
Going to their website at
https://ico.org.uk/
Phone on 0303 123 1113
Post to Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF
You may also see our full complaints handling procedure and how to make a complaint. If we cannot resolve things under that procedure, then you may have the right to refer your complaint, free of charge, to the Financial Ombudsman Service. The contact details for the Financial Ombudsman Service are: Telephone: 0300 123 9 123, or from outside the UK +44 20 7964 1000 E: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk W: www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk Financial Ombudsman Service Exchange Tower London E14 9SR
You may also have the option to register your complaint using the
European Commission Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform
. This is a web-based platform that is designed to help consumers who have bought goods or services online to deal with issues arising from their purchase.
How we keep your personal information secure
Online privacy and security is the most important aspect of any customer service and we take it extremely seriously. We use a variety of the latest technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, destruction, use or disclosure.
Experian have a comprehensive Global Security Policy based on internationally recognised standards of security (known as ISO27001 standard) and holds ISO27001 certification in the key areas of Global Security Admin team who are responsible for administering logical access to systems and in the Data Centre.
Experian has a dedicated Cyber Security Investigations team who safeguard Experian’s key assets such as its systems and storage facilities. This team, identify and effectively manage any security developments that may threaten Experian's people, process, or technology through intervention and the thorough investigation of security incidents. Experian holds Cyber Essentials Certification and performs risk assessments against our critical and external facing applications annually.
Experian is annually audited by an External QSA (Qualified Security Assessor) from Trustwave and have successfully maintained compliance since 2010.
How long we keep your personal information for
We’ll keep your personal information for the periods set out below, and where we were not able to give a specific period, we will keep it only as long as we need it to provide the Experian products and services you’ve signed up to.. We may also keep it to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes and enforce our rights. These reasons can vary from one piece of information to the next and depend on the products or services you’re signed up to, so the amount of time we keep your personal information for may vary.
Contact information
We will only retain your contact information for up to 7 years after the end of the provision of services in order to answer any queries you may have. However, information about address links or aliases which you tell us about during registration may be kept while there is a continuing need to retain it to help us improve the quality of our data (see below).
Security
We will only retain your security information for six years after the end of the provision of services in order to answer any queries you may have and identify you when you contact us.
Device
We will only retain your Device information for 26 months after the end of the provision of Services .
Personal information provided by third parties
We will retain these files for the duration of the contract we have with the third party.
In all cases, our need to use your personal information will be reassessed on a regular basis, and information which is no longer required for any purposes will be disposed of.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We can update this Privacy Policy at any time and ideally you should check it regularly for updates. We won’t alert you to every little change, but if there are any really important changes to the Policy or how we use your information we’ll let you know and where appropriate ask for your consent.
Previous Privacy Policy – effective date 25th May 2018