Hoya PRIVACY POLICY
Hoya is a nice dating app, making it to be a place to meeting new people.
This Privacy Policy contains how we collect, use, store, share and transfer your personal information and how we provide you with access of update, deletion and protection of your personal information when using Hoya. Once you start using Hoya, that means you have fully understood and agree to this policy.
If you have any questions or suggestions about it, you can contact us through the various contact methods provided in this Privacy Policy.
1. Collection of personal information
1.1. Users create an account
When you create a Hoya account, we need you to provide contains but not limited to the following information which including but not limited to : phone number, nickname, sex, birthday.
1.2. Installation and Usage
When you install and launch Hoya, we will collect your personal and hardware device information, such as device ID, IMEI, phone model, phone system and system version. When you use Hoya, we will collect your contacts list, call history  to provide you with call identification and spam call interception services.
1.3. Third-party services
When you use features such as sharing contacts, sharing apps and etc, you need to login to the third-party app and authorize Hoya to visit your personal information. For example: Useing Facebook, WeChat, WhatsApp or other apps to share contacts.
2. Use personal information
2.1. Provide services
These services include:
* Match new people:
There are millions of new people here you can meet.
* Chating:
Chat with matched friends by texts, pics, voice and etc.
2.2. Statistics analysis
After summarizing and anonymizing, your information will be provided to the third party statistics and analysis institutions, and finally used to improve the user experience of the product. For example: Google Analytics.
2.3. Advertising optimization
After summarizing and anonymizing, your information will be provided to the third party advertising platforms, and finally used to improve the effectiveness of advertising. For example: Facebook Audience Network, Google AdWords.
3. Information Storage
We will encrypt your information and store it on the Amazon Cloud Server to ensure it not to be leaked. Meanwhile, we will process your information in different regions of the Amazon cloud server for users in different regions. For example: users in the European Economic Area (EEA), we will process the information on Amazon’s cloud servers located in Europe.
4. Share, transfer and disclosure information
4.1. Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
(1) We will share your personal information with other parties with your explicit consent.
(2) We may share your personal information externally according to laws and regulations, lawsuit dispute resolution needs, or according to the requirements of the administrative and judicial authorities.
(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to share your personal information in order to protect interest, property or safety of Hoya, affiliates or partners of Hoya, you or other Hoya users or the public from harm.
(4) We may share your personal information with our affiliates in the event that the affiliation provides services to you or us. However, we only share the necessary personal information, and the processing of your information by related parties is subject to this Privacy Policy. If an affiliate wants to change the purpose of processing your personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again.
(5) We will not share your personal information with third-party advertisers, application developers, open platforms or other partners unless we have your explicit authorization and consent. We may provide these partners with aggregated, anonymized information or other information that can not identify you. For example: We may tell some developers how many people have installed their apps.
(6) We may share your personal information (or the caller numbers reported) with our suppliers, service providers, consultants or agents for the purpose of justifying the statements in this Privacy Policy to provide better Customer service and user experience.
For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign a strict information protection agreement with them and ask them to process your personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
4.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any other company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
(1) As the business growing, we and our affiliates may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or other similar transactions. If the relevant transaction involves the transfer of your personal information, we will require these companies, organizations and individuals who hold your personal information continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will ask those companies, organizations and individuals to re-acquire your consent.
(2) Transfer with your explicit consent, ie, with your explicit consent, we will transfer the personal information we have obtained to other parties.
4.3, Disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
(1) We have obtained your explicit consent.
(2) We may publicly disclose your personal information in the case of legal, legal proceedings, lawsuits or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to disclose your personal information in order to protect Hoya, related parties or partners of Hoya, you or other Hoya users or the public interest, property or safety from harm.
(4) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
According to the law, sharing, transferring personal information that has been de-identified, and ensuring that the recipient of the data cannot recover and re-identify the subject of personal information, does not belong to the external sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information. Save and process such data will not need to notify you and obtain your consent.
5. Management of information
When you are using Hoya, you can access and manage your personal information such as:
5.1. Accessing and updating
You can login Hoya to access and manage your information, such as nickname, gender, birthday, etc.
5.2. Delisting
You can contact and inform us with the following contact to delete the information which you don’t want to be open.
6. Contact information
Email: Hoyadating@gmail.com, we will respond within 15 working days under normal circumstances.
7. The entry into force of the privacy policy
This Privacy Policy version was updated on September 1, 2021 and came into effect on September 1, 2021.