Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Torpor Games UG's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our games Suzerain, The Conformist, and websites,
https://www.torporgames.com
,
https://www.suzeraingame.com
,
https://www.theconformistgame.com
, and other sites we own and operate.
In our pursuit of enhancing your gaming experience, we utilize analytics systems in our games to collect anonymized gameplay data. You are free to opt-out of this at the initialization of our games. This non-identifiable information plays a crucial role in helping us improve game balances and ensuring a more enjoyable and engaging game experience. Rest assured, the data collected serves only these purposes and helps us strive for continual improvement in our games.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. Furthermore, we also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our games or websites may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us at
contact@torporgames.com
.
This policy is effective as of 1st of January 2019.