Privacy Policy
Jun 6, 2020
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Zing!
			("
Zing!
", "
we
",
			"
us
", "
our
"), we have a few fundamental
			principles:
We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly
				need it. (We can't stand services that ask you for things like your
				gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don't share your personal information with anyone except
				to comply with the law, develop or operate our products or services, or
				protect our rights.
We don't store personal information on our servers or the
				offsite servers of the third-party service providers we use @to provide
				our core services unless required for the on-going operation of one of
				our services.
In our social networking and mobile application products, we
				aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what is visible
				to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently
				deleted.
Below is our privacy policy
			("Privacy Policy") which incorporates these goals:
Zing! operates a mobile application (the
			"Application"). It is Zing!'s policy to respect the
			privacy of the Application's users ("
you
",
			"
your
") regarding any information collected through the
			Application.
Non-Personally-Identifying Information
Zing! collects, or may have a third-party service
			providers collect, non-personally-identifying information of the sort that
			mobile applications typically make available, such as the type of device
			using the Application, the operating system, location information, and
			aggregated user statistics. For instance, Zing! may
			monitor the most popular features of the Application. Zing!'s 
			purpose in collecting non-personally-identifying
			information is to better understand how users utilize the Application.
			From time to time, Zing! may release
			non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
			publishing or disclosing to third parties a report on trends in the usage
			of the Application or of mobile applications including the Application.
Personally-Identifying Information
Certain users of the Application choose to interact with
			Zing! in ways that require Zing!
			to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of
			information that Zing! gathers depends on the nature
			of the interaction. For example, we ask users who log in to a social
			network through the Application to provide a username and an email
			address. Those who engage in transactions with Zing!
			are asked to provide additional personally-identifying information,
			including, as necessary, their first and last name, physical address,
			telephone number, and additional data such as financial information
			required to process those transactions. In each case, Zing! 
			collects such information only insofar as is necessary or
			appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the user interaction with Zing!. 
			Zing! does not share
			personally-identifying information other than as described below. Users
			can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the
			caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain
			Application-related activities.
Sharing of Personally-Identifying Information
Zing! shares personally-identifying information only
			with those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that
			(i) need to know that information in order to process it on 
			Zing!'s behalf or to provide services available through the
			Application, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. For
			instance, Zing! uses third-party vendors and hosting
			partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, data
			storage, and related technology required to run the services available
			through the Application. Some of those employees, contractors and
			affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
			Zing! will not rent or sell personally-identifying
			information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and
			affiliated organizations, as described above, Zing!
			discloses personally-identifying information only when required to do so
			by law, or when Zing! believes in good faith that
			disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of
			Zing!, third parties or the public at large.
Use of Email Addresses and Push Notifications
If you have supplied your email address as part of your use of the
			Application, Zing! may, subject to the applicable
			law, occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features,
			solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what is going on
			with Zing! and our products. We primarily use our
			various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we
			expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
With your consent, Zing! may also send push
			notifications or alerts to the device you use to access the Application.
			Such notifications can reach you even when you are not logged in to the
			Application or the Application is not running on your device. Zing!
			uses push notifications to send you messages related to
			the services provided through the Application or to make available to you
			general information regarding Zing! and its products.
			You can deactivate push notifications in the settings of the Application
			or of your device at any time.
Protection of Information
Zing! takes all measures reasonably necessary to
			protect your personally identifiable information against unauthorized
			access, use, alteration, loss, or destruction.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a web server stores on a user's
			computer or other device, and that the user's device provides back to the
			web server each time the user returns. Zing! uses
			cookies as part of the Application to remember your user preferences and
			make available to you the services provided through the Application.
Do-Not-Track Disclosures
Neither Zing! nor any third party engages in the
			collection of personally-identifiable information about your online
			activities over time and across third-party websites or online services
			when you are accessing or using the Application. For this reason, the
			Application does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals or other mechanisms
			providing you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of
			such information.
Age Limitation
The Application is not directed and should not be available to children
			under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any kind of personal
			information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under the age
			of 13, do not use the Application or otherwise provide us with personal
			information. If we become aware that such information has been collected,
			we will immediately delete such information. If any parent or guardian
			learns or otherwise becomes aware of a child under 13 years of age using
			the Application or otherwise providing personal information to us, please
			contact us.
Review of and Changes to Personally-Identifying
			Information
Email us at privacy@zingapps.com to find out what
			personally-identifying information we have collected about you and request
			any necessary changes.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Zing!
			may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and in
			Zing!'s sole discretion. Changes to the Privacy
			Policy will be effective as of the date we post the revised version on
			this page or make it otherwise accessible through the Application as a
			notification and will apply only to our collection, use and sharing of
			information after such date. Zing! encourages users
			to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If
			you have a Zing! account, you should also check your
			social network dashboard for alerts to these changes.
Your Acknowledgement
By using the Application, you acknowledge the information provided to you
			about our collection, use, and sharing of any information pertaining to
			you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is displayed at the top of its
			first page.
Back to top