Languages
English
Español
Privacy Policy for Trace it ! Let's draw app
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Our App collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of Trace it ! Let's draw app.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our App in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our App.
Users may visit our App anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain App related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our App. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our App, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Cookies
Our App may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's device places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their device to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the App may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Our App may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our App. We may need your information display content on the App correctly.
To show personalized advertising according to the user's preferences.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our App.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our App may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Admob
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our App and other Apps on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Our App has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will:
Revise the updated date at the bottom of this page
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this App, or your dealings with this App, please contact us.
This document was last updated on Mar 2025
Política de Privacidad de Trace it ! Let's draw app
La presente Política de Privacidad regula la forma en que Nuestra App recoge, utiliza, mantiene y divulga la información obtenida de los usuarios (cada uno, un "Usuario") de Trace it ! Let's draw app.
Información de identificación personal
Podemos recopilar información de identificación personal de los usuarios de varias maneras, incluyendo, pero no limitado a, cuando los usuarios visitan nuestra aplicación en relación con las actividades, servicios, características o recursos que ponemos a disposición en nuestra aplicación.
Los usuarios pueden visitar nuestra aplicación de forma anónima. Sólo recopilaremos información de identificación personal de los usuarios si éstos nos la facilitan voluntariamente. Los usuarios siempre pueden negarse a suministrar información de identificación personal, salvo que ello les impida participar en determinadas actividades relacionadas con la App.
Información de identificación no personal
Podemos recopilar información de identificación no personal sobre los usuarios siempre que interactúen con nuestra aplicación. La información de identificación no personal puede incluir el nombre del navegador, el tipo de ordenador e información técnica sobre los medios de conexión de los usuarios a nuestra aplicación, como el sistema operativo y los proveedores de servicios de Internet utilizados y otra información similar.
Cookies
Nuestra aplicación puede utilizar "cookies" para mejorar la experiencia del usuario. La App puede colocar colocar cookies en su dispositivo con fines de registro y, a veces, para rastrear información sobre él. El Usuario puede optar por configurar su dispositivo para que rechace las cookies o para que le avise cuando se envíen cookies. Si lo hace, tenga en cuenta que algunas partes de la aplicación pueden no funcionar correctamente.
Cómo utilizamos la información recogida
Nuestra App puede recoger información del usuario con los siguientes fines :
Para el funcionamiento de nuestra aplicación. Podemos necesitar su información para mostrar correctamente el contenido de la aplicación.
Para mostrar publicidad de acuerdo con sus gustos.
Como protegemos tus datos
Adoptamos prácticas de recopilación, almacenamiento y procesamiento de datos y medidas de seguridad adecuadas para proteger contra el acceso no autorizado, la alteración, la divulgación o la destrucción de su información personal, nombre de usuario, contraseña, información de transacciones y datos almacenados en nuestra App.
Compartiendo tu información personal.
No vendemos, comercializamos ni alquilamos la información de identificación personal de los usuarios a terceros. Podemos compartir información demográfica genérica no vinculada a ninguna información de identificación personal relativa a los visitantes y usuarios con nuestros socios comerciales, afiliados de confianza y anunciantes para los fines mencionados anteriormente.
Publicidad
Los anuncios que aparecen en nuestra aplicación pueden ser enviados a los usuarios por socios publicitarios, que pueden establecer cookies. Estas cookies permiten al servidor de anuncios reconocer su ordenador cada vez que le envían un anuncio en línea para recopilar información de identificación no personal sobre usted u otras personas que utilizan su ordenador. Esta información permite a las redes publicitarias, entre otras cosas, ofrecer anuncios dirigidos que creen que serán de mayor interés para usted. Esta política de privacidad no cubre el uso de cookies por parte de ningún anunciante.
Google Admob
Algunos de los anuncios pueden ser servidos por Google. El uso de la cookie de DART por parte de Google le permite publicar anuncios a los usuarios basados en su visita a nuestra aplicación y a otras aplicaciones en Internet. DART utiliza información no identificable personalmente y NO rastrea información personal sobre usted, como su nombre, dirección de correo electrónico, dirección física, etc. Usted puede inhabilitar el uso de la cookie de DART visitando la política de privacidad de la red de anuncios y contenidos de Google en
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Cambios en esta Política de Privacidad
Nuestra aplicación se reserva la facultad de actualizar esta política de privacidad en cualquier momento. Cuando lo hagamos, lo podrá ver en :
Revise la fecha actualizada en la parte inferior de esta página
Animamos a los usuarios a que consulten con frecuencia esta página para comprobar si se han producido cambios y así mantenerse informados sobre cómo ayudamos a proteger la información personal que recopilamos. Usted reconoce y acepta que es su responsabilidad revisar esta política de privacidad periódicamente y estar al tanto de las modificaciones.
Su aceptación de estas condiciones
Al utilizar esta aplicación, usted acepta esta política. Si no está de acuerdo con esta política, no utilice nuestra aplicación. El uso continuado de la aplicación tras la publicación de cambios en esta política se considerará como una aceptación de dichos cambios..
Contacto
Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta política de privacidad, las prácticas de esta aplicación o su relación con ella, póngase en contacto con nosotros.
Este documento fue actualizado por última vez en Mar 2025