Term of Use & Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
By downloading or using
AdsMoney for AdMob
, these terms will automatically apply to you – please read them
    carefully before using the app.
We are offering you this app to use for your own personal use without cost, but the app itself, and all trade marks,
    copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to us.
You should be aware that you cannot send it on to anyone else, and you’re not allowed to copy, translate or modify
    the app, any part of the app in any way. You also may not attempt to extract the source code of the app.
We are committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the
    right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. You agree that we
    may access, store and use any information that you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy
    below.
We do not accept any liability for any injuries, damage or losses you may incur as a result of your use of the
    app.
We recommend that you do not jailbreak your phone. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious
    programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that our app won’t work properly or at all.
We offer the app to you as-is and we are not responsible for the app not working at full functionality.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of agreement with your
    mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of
    data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges.
In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use
    the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming.
We may update the app at any point in time. The app is currently available on Android and/or iOS – the requirements
    for both systems may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app.
We do not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the version
    that you have installed on your phone.
We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of
    termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you
    in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device. This includes
    any paid functionalities or features.
AdsMoney Premium
This section only applies when you purchase and/or subscribe to AdsMoney Premium.
By paying the subscription fee you get access to AdsMoney Premium during the time your subscription is valid,
    subject to these Terms. All subscriptions with AdsMoney Premium are paid in advance. You may at any time terminate
    your membership, in which case your membership will still be valid for the subscription time you have already paid
    for.
We reserve the right to change the subscription fees from time to time. You hereby consent to start using the
    Services immediately upon subscribing with AdsMoney Premium. This means that you will only have 14 days to withdraw
    from the contract with AdsMoney from the date you receive confirmation of your subscription via email if you do not
    start using the Services during that period. All payments handled by Apple, such as in-app purchases, can only be
    refunded by Apple and with Apple’s consent.
Privacy Policy
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
This Application does not request or collect any personal or contact information of the users.
This Application may use third party services that may collect information to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party providers that may be used by the Application:
Google Services
-
AdMob
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile
    device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating
    system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. This
    information is collected for serving of advertisements, analytics, debugging and troubleshooting software issues
    only.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and
    our service.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use
    the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application
    marketplace or network.
Security
We strive to take all reasonable means to safeguard your data. But remember that no method of transmission over the
    interpret or electronic storage can be 100% secure and reliable. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
    security.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13 and our services do not target
    children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personal data through our services. Further, we
    encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet use and to help us in enforcing our
    Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide any personal data through our service without their
    permission. If you become aware that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal data to us, please contact
    us and we will do our best to delete that account from our database.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and
    procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this
    information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop
    or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour provide reasonable security for information
    we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may become necessary to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we reserve the right
    to update and/or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review this Privacy Policy frequently. The date of
    the last modification is listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy
    Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or
    touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and
    disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Singapore. If you reside outside the
    Singapore your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Singapore privacy standards.
Contact Details
Address: 130 Thomson Rd, Novena, Singapore
Email: iambatoan@gmail.com