Privacy Policy (Summary)
Last published, updated and effective date: July 1, 2022.
We take your privacy and personal information very seriously, and we may collect and use your information when you use Blurrr. Please carefully read, fully understand, and agree to all of this Privacy Policy, especially our terms in bold, before you begin using it.
The summary of this Privacy Policy mainly explains to you: to the extent necessary, we collect and use your personal information types and business scenarios, as well as our basic rules for handling your personal information. If you want to know all the circumstances in which we may collect and use your personal Information, and all our rules for handling your personal Information, please refer to the attached Privacy Policy.
1. How do we collect and use your personal Information
1-1. Set up an account. When you register a Blurrr account, you will need to provide your mobile phone number (for real-name authentication) or Apple ID to create the account.
1-2. Make videos. In order for you to make videos using this product and service, we may need to collect your unique device Identification number (IDFA) for determining the device to use.
1-3. In-product purchase. When you purchase a paid Blurrr service such as juice or VIP membership, we collect order information including IP address, unique device Identifier (IDFA), order number, transaction time, item type, item amount, and local language.
1-4. Security guarantee. For the product breakdown and protect your account and transaction security, we will be in accordance with the law according to the safe operation of network need to collect and handle your variable device identifier (IDFA, MAC address), basic equipment information, basic information, operating system, hardware and software version information, equipment status, the collapse of the system language area in time, network status, log, use/click on the record, We will use your permission to store the information, and we will also use the aforementioned information to prevent all kinds of illegal use or infringement of legitimate rights and interests.
5、Please refer to the list item by item of your information about the mobile phone used by the product business functions
《Personal information collection and use list》
。For details about the device access rights that may be enabled for you to implement related service functions, see
《List of system permission application and usage》
。
How do we share your personal information
Please understand that we cannot provide all the services to you independently, and other service providers need to provide services for you together. Therefore, we need to provide some of your personal information to the necessary third party sharing or entrusted processing. You can use the
《List of personal information shared by third parties》
View third-party SDK phones and the use of your personal information.
How do you manage your personal information
You can manage your personal information in a variety of ways, such as accessing, correcting your personal information, and deactivating your account. However, please understand that we may not be able to fully meet your request due to our legal obligations.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy or matters relating to your personal information, you can send an email to scdgzx@vip.qq.com or send a registered letter to 22 SIN MING LANE #06-76 MIDVIEW CITY Singapore.
We will reply you within 15 days. If you are not satisfied with our reply, you can also seek a solution by filing a civil lawsuit to the people's Court where the defendant is located.
Below is the full text of Blurrr's Privacy Policy.
Privacy policy
Last published, updated and effective date: July 1, 2022.
This policy will help you understand what may be involved in using Blurrr:
1. How do we collect and use your personal Information
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal Information
4. How do we protect your personal Information
5. Your rights
6. How do we deal with minors' personal information
7. Storage of personal information
8. Governing law and jurisdiction
9. How to update this policy
10. How can I contact us
Blurrr understands how important your personal information is to you and does its best to keep your personal information safe and secure. We are committed to maintaining your trust and protecting your personal information by adhering to the following principles: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of opt-in consent, the principle of minimum sufficient, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc.At the same time, Blurrr promises that we will protect your personal information in accordance with established industry security standards.
Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or services), especially our terms in bold.
1. How do we collect and use your personal Information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can independently or in combination with other information identify the identity of a particular natural person or reflect the activities of a particular natural person.
Blurrr will collect and use your personal Information only for the purposes described in this Policy:
(I) (I) Business function I: register an account
When you sign up for Blurrr, you need to provide your mobile phone number (for real-name authentication) or Apple ID. This information is collected to help you complete your account registration to use the full features of Blurrr. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to generate preset scans, share assists, use in-app purchase or RSMB and frame complement functions, but without prejudice to your use of other basic functions.
(2) Business function 2: video production.
1. In order for you to make videos using the Products and services, we may need to collect your unique Device Identification number (IDFA) for determining the device to use.
2. At the same time, you may need to open the following permissions:
(1) Album permission for reading and storing photos and videos
(2) Cellular data access, which is used to connect to the mobile network for downloading and using video materials and special effects
(3) Business function 3: product internal purchase function
When you purchase Blurrr's paid services (such as juice, VIP, etc.), we collect order information including IP address, unique device Identifier (IDFA), order number, transaction time, item type, item value, and local language.
(4) Business function four: customer service.When you file a complaint, consult or appeal to us, we may require you to provide your name, mobile phone number, email and other valid contact information in order to contact you or help you solve the problem. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to feedback the relevant processing results to you in a timely manner.
(5) Business Function five: security guarantee.The product breakdown and protect your account and transaction security, we will according to the safe operation of network in accordance with the need to collect and handle your variable device identifier (IDFA, MAC address), basic equipment information, basic information, operating system, hardware and software version information, equipment status, the collapse of the system language area in time, network status, log, use/click on the record, We will use your permission to store the information, and we will also use the aforementioned information to prevent all kinds of illegal use or infringement of legitimate rights and interests.
(6) Business function 6: receiving product, service, marketing or questionnaire information.To better inform you about Blurrr's products and related services, we may push our products, services, marketing information to your mobile phone or send you relevant surveys.
(7) The following are exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent from the subject of personal information:
1. It is related to the performance of the obligations prescribed by laws and regulations by the personal information controller;
2. Those directly related to national security and national defense security;
3. Those directly related to public security, public health or major public interests;
4. Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
5. Having regard to safeguarding the life, property and other important legitimate rights of the subject of personal information or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain authorization and consent of the subject;
6. The personal information involved is disclosed to the public by the subject of personal information;
7. Necessary for signing and performing the contract according to the requirements of the subject of personal information.
How do we use cookies and similar technologies
(a) a Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, we store a small data file called Cookie on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. With cookies, websites can store data about your preferences.
We do not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preference. For details, see AboutCookies.org.You can clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have Cookie blocking functions. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer through browser Settings.
(2) Website beacons and pixel labels
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies like web beacons and pixel tags on our websites. For example, we may send you an email containing a click URL that links to content on our website. If you click on this link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A web beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a web site or email. With the help of the pixel labels in the E-mail, we can tell whether the E-mail is open or not. If you do not wish your activities to be tracked in this way, you can always unsubscribe from our mailing list.
Iii. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal Information
(1) Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Chengdu Pinguo Technology Co., LTD., except for the following circumstances:
1. Sharing with express Consent: After obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information according to laws and regulations, litigation disputes, or mandatory requirements of competent government departments or judicial authorities.
3. Within the scope required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests, property or safety of Pingguo and its users or the public from damage.
4. Sharing with our Affiliated Companies: Your personal information may be shared with affiliated companies of Chengdu Pinguo Technology Co., LTD. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again.
Our affiliated companies include: Beijing Pinguo Technology Co., LTD., Chengdu Prism Technology Co., LTD.
5. Sharing with Authorized Partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only for the purposes stated in this Policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to ensure the completion of the services provided to you and to provide you with better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes and will only share such personal information as is necessary to provide the services. Our partners do not have the right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
Currently, our licensing partners include the following two types:
1) Advertising partners. They mainly help us to statistics and evaluate the display effect of advertising and product data analysis, so that we can optimize the service for you to get a better experience. The personal information we will provide to these partners may include IP address, device information (device model, operating system, unique device identifier, network access mode, type and status, language and timely area).
2) When you register or log in with your mobile phone number, we need to share your mobile phone number with [Blue SMS Push Platform] (provided by Shanghai Blue Cloud Information Technology Co., LTD.) to provide [SMS push] service to you. Blue will send you the SMS verification code. When you receive the SMS verification code, we will automatically read your short message and synchronize the verification code to our registration or login interface. You can directly click the verification code to complete the filling. We will not read your other messages.
3) Technical support partners. In order to complete the corresponding functions, we will access the SDK of a third party to obtain technical support, such as helping us to understand the product user distribution and data analysis statistically. We may provide the following personal information to such partners.Blurrr may choose to use some of these partners or change partners from time to time, and the list of partners may be adjusted.
Third-party SDK Name
Name of third Party Company
Usage Scenario description
Type of personal information to share
Privacy policy
Fabric
Fabric
Used for crash log collection
Unique device identification code and geographic location information
Fabric
GrowingIO
Beijing Yishu Technology Co.,LTD
Used for data statistics and analysis
Software usage and click history,unique device identifier,geolocation information,application installation column
GrowingIO
Bugly
Shenzhen Tencent Computer department
Used for crash log collection
Crash log,unique device identifier
Bugly
Firebase
Google
Used for data statistics and analysis
Records of software use and clicks,unique device identifiers,and geolocation information
Firebase
AppsFlyerFramework
AppsFlyer Ltd.
Used for data statistics and analysis
Software usage and click history,unique device identifier,geo-location information,list of applications installed
AppFlyer
share SDK
Shenzhen Tencent Computer department
For users to independently share the shooting results on a third-party platform
Device MAC address and unique device identifier
Weibo
QQ
Wechat
Share SDK
FaceBook
For users to independently share the shooting results on a third-party platform
Device MAC address and unique device identifier
Facebook
(2) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except for the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with express consent: After obtaining your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. In the case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy; otherwise, we will require the company or organization to ask you for authorization again.
(3) Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
1. After obtaining your explicit consent;
2. Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose your personal information when required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or government authorities.
(4) exceptions
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we may collect, share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information without your authorized consent under the following circumstances.
1. Those directly related to national security, national defense security and other national interests;
2. Those directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health and public information;
(3) those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
4. For the protection of your life, property, reputation and other important legal rights and interests of you or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of yourself;
5. Necessary for signing and performing the contract as required by you;
6. Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as finding and disposing of faults of the products or services;
7. When it is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research for the public interest, and it provides the results of academic research or description to the public, it de-labels the personal information contained in the results;
8. Personal information collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
9. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Iv. How do we protect your personal Information
(I) We have used industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. For example, data (such as credit card information) exchanged between your browser and the Service is protected by SSL encryption; We provide HTTPS secure access to the supporting Web services provided by our products. We will use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our data from malicious attacks; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information;And we will conduct security and privacy protection training courses to enhance staff's awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(b) The Internet is not an entirely secure environment and we strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through email, im, and other communications with Blurrr users that are not encrypted. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account secure.
(c) The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us.
(iv) After the unfortunate occurrence of personal information security incidents, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, timely inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of security incidents, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, you can independently prevent and reduce the risk of suggestions, remedial measures for you, etc. We will timely inform you of the information related to the event by email, phone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to release the announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
V. Your rights
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights to your personal information:
(I) Access to your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information except for the exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise data access, you can access the data yourself in the following ways:
Personal Center -- If you wish to access or edit personal information in your account, add security information, or unregister your account, you can do so by visiting [Blurrr] - [Personal Center].
(2) Delete your personal information
1. Generally speaking, we will only store your personal information for the shortest time as required by laws and regulations or as necessary. If you need to exercise your right to delete, you can apply to us at any time, and we will delete your personal information within 15 days, except as otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
Under the following circumstances, you may request us to delete your personal information through the contact information provided in Article 10 of this Policy:
(1) If we deal with personal information in violation of laws and regulations;
(2) If our processing of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(3) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
2. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities have obtained your independent authorization. When you delete information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but will delete the information when the backup is updated.
(iii) Withdraw your authorization
If you want to change the permissions (such as photo albums), you can do so on your hardware device. For iOS, you can change the permissions through the Settings - [Blurrr] path. For Android, you can change the permissions through the Settings - [Applications] - [Application Management] - [Blurrr] - [Permissions] path.You can also permanently revoke all entitlements by logging out of your account.
However, you understand and agree that the withdrawal of certain authorizations by you will result in the unavailability of product functions related thereto, that we cannot continue to provide you with certain functions and/or services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and that your decision to withdraw authorization will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out based on your authorization.
(4) The personal information subject cancels the account
You can cancel your previously registered account at any time. You can do this by yourself in the following ways:
Unregister your account in [Blurrr] - [Home] - [Personal Center] - [Account Logout].
After you cancel your account, we will stop providing products or services to you and delete your personal information within 15 days upon your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
(5) The subject of personal information obtains a copy of personal information
If you need copies of your personal information, you can through our 'privacy policy' at the end of the article provides the way to contact us, after the verification of your identity, we will provide you with you a copy of the personal information in our services, including basic information, account information), but it is otherwise provided for in laws and regulations or except otherwise agreed by the policy.
(6) Restrict the automatic decision-making of the information system
In some business functions, we may only make decisions based on non-manual automatic decision mechanisms such as information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights and interests, you have the right to seek an explanation from us and we will provide appropriate remedies.
(vii) Respond to your above request
1. For security purposes, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will make a reply within 15 days.
2, for your reasonable request, we do not charge in principle, but for repeated requests, beyond the reasonable limit, we will charge a certain cost according to the situation. We may refuse requests that are unwarranted, require excessive technical means (for example, the development of new systems or fundamental changes in existing practices), pose a risk to the legal rights of others, or are highly impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes).
3. Under the following circumstances, in accordance with laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
(1) those directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) those directly related to public security, public health or major public interests;
(3) those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
(4) it is related to the performance of the obligations prescribed by laws and regulations by the personal information controller;
(5) There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(6) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations.
(7) Those involving commercial secrets.
Six, how do we deal with minors' personal information
(I) Our products, websites and services are primarily aimed at adults. Minors are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 14, please read this policy with your guardian before using our products and/or services, and ensure that you have obtained the explicit consent of your guardian before using our services and providing us with your personal information.
(II) In the case of collecting personal information of minors with parental consent, we will only use or publicly disclose such information to the extent permitted by law, expressly agreed by parents or guardians, or necessary for the protection of minors.
(III) If your guardian disagrees with your use of our services or provision of personal information to us in accordance with this Policy, please terminate your use of our services immediately and notify us in a timely manner.
Storage of personal information
Storage Location: We will store the personal information collected within the Territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations.
Storage period: We promise to keep your personal information within the shortest and necessary period required by law or to realize product functions and services. For example, we will continue to store your account information before you withdraw, delete or cancel it. We will immediately delete or anonymize the personal information that exceeds the deadline, unless you exercise the right to delete, cancel your account or otherwise stipulated by law.
Viii. Governing law and jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. Disputes under this Privacy Policy shall be under the jurisdiction of the court where the defendant lives.
Ix. How to update this policy
(I) Our Privacy Policy is subject to change or revision. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will post any changes to this policy on this page. For major changes, we will inform you in the form of popover and obtain your consent again.
(II) Major changes referred to in this Policy include but are not limited to:
1. The purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed and the way of using personal information change;
2. Your rights to participate in personal information processing and the way to exercise them have changed significantly;
3, personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
How to contact us
Our company is [TBPS INTERNATIONAL TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD.] established in Singapore, registered address 22 SIN MING LANE #06-76 MIDVIEW CITY Singapore.
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or appeals about this policy or service content, we provide a variety of feedback channels for you to get in touch with us:
Mail complaint channel: in order to better protect your rights and interests, we set up scdgzx@vip.qq.com mailbox, you can contact us through the mailbox;
Personal Information Protection Team: You can send an email to scdgzx@vip.qq.com or registered mail to 22 SIN MING LANE #06-76 MIDVIEW CITY Singapore, to: Blurrr Personal Information Protection Team.
We will feedback the processing result to you within 15 days after receiving your question. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also seek a resolution by filing a civil suit in a court of competent jurisdiction where the defendant is located.