[ENGLISH]

Daniel Medeiros built the GeoTracker Pro app as a SERVICE. This SERVICE is provided by Daniel Medeiros and is intended for use as is.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at GeoTracker Pro unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at daniel@inforside.com.br.

[ESPAÑOL]

Daniel Medeiros creó la aplicación GeoTracker Pro como un SERVICIO. Este SERVICIO es proporcionado por Daniel Medeiros y está destinado a ser utilizado tal cual.

Si opta por utilizar mi Servicio, entonces acepta la recopilación y el uso de información en relación con esta política. La información personal que recopilo se utiliza para proporcionar y mejorar el servicio. No usaré ni compartiré su información con nadie excepto como se describe en esta Política de Privacidad.

Los términos utilizados en esta Política de privacidad tienen el mismo significado que en nuestros Términos y condiciones, a los que se puede acceder en GeoTracker Pro a menos que se defina lo contrario en esta Política de privacidad.

Recopilación y uso de información

Para una mejor experiencia, al utilizar nuestro Servicio, es posible que le solicite que nos proporcione cierta información de identificación personal. La información que solicito se conservará en su dispositivo y no la recopilaré de ninguna manera.

La aplicación no utiliza servicios de terceros que puedan recopilar información utilizada para identificarlo.

Dato de registro

Quiero informarle que cada vez que usa mi Servicio, en caso de un error en la aplicación, recopilo datos e información (a través de productos de terceros) en su teléfono llamado Datos de registro. Estos Datos de registro pueden incluir información como la dirección de Protocolo de Internet ("IP") de su dispositivo, el nombre del dispositivo, la versión del sistema operativo, la configuración de la aplicación cuando utiliza mi Servicio, la hora y fecha de su uso del Servicio y otras estadísticas .

Cookies

Las cookies son archivos con una pequeña cantidad de datos que se utilizan comúnmente como identificadores únicos anónimos. Estos se envían a su navegador desde los sitios web que visita y se almacenan en la memoria interna de su dispositivo.

Este Servicio no utiliza estas "cookies" explícitamente. Sin embargo, la aplicación puede utilizar códigos de terceros y bibliotecas que utilizan "cookies" para recopilar información y mejorar sus servicios. Tiene la opción de aceptar o rechazar estas cookies y saber cuándo se envía una cookie a su dispositivo. Si decide rechazar nuestras cookies, es posible que no pueda utilizar algunas partes de este Servicio.

Enlaces a otros sitios

Este Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios. Si hace clic en el enlace de un tercero, se le dirigirá a ese sitio. Tenga en cuenta que estos sitios externos no son operados por mí. Por lo tanto, le recomiendo encarecidamente que revise la Política de privacidad de estos sitios web. No tengo control ni asumo ninguna responsabilidad por el contenido, las políticas de privacidad o las prácticas de los sitios o servicios de terceros.

Privacidad de los niños

Estos Servicios no se dirigen a nadie menor de 13 años. No recopilo a sabiendas información de identificación personal de niños menores de 13 años. Si usted es un padre o tutor y sabe que su hijo nos ha proporcionado información personal, comuníquese conmigo para que podré hacer las acciones necesarias.

Cambios a esta política de privacidad

Puedo actualizar nuestra Política de privacidad de vez en cuando. Por lo tanto, le recomendamos que revise esta página periódicamente para ver si hay cambios. Le notificaré cualquier cambio publicando la nueva Política de privacidad en esta página. Estos cambios entran en vigencia inmediatamente después de su publicación en esta página.

Contáctenos

Si tiene alguna pregunta o sugerencia sobre mi Política de privacidad, no dude en ponerse en contacto conmigo en daniel@inforside.com.br.

[PORTUGUÊS]

Daniel Medeiros construiu o app GeoTracker Pro como um SERVIÇO. Este SERVIÇO é prestado por Daniel Medeiros e deve ser utilizado no estado em que se encontra.

Se você optar por usar meu Serviço, você concorda com a coleta e uso de informações em relação a esta política. As informações pessoais que recolho são usadas para fornecer e melhorar o serviço. Não vou usar ou compartilhar suas informações com ninguém, exceto conforme descrito nesta Política de Privacidade.

Os termos usados ​​nesta Política de Privacidade têm os mesmos significados que em nossos Termos e Condições, que podem ser acessados ​​no GeoTracker Pro, a menos que definido de outra forma nesta Política de Privacidade.

Coleta e uso de informações

Para uma melhor experiência, ao usar nosso Serviço, posso solicitar que você nos forneça certas informações de identificação pessoal. As informações que solicito serão retidas em seu dispositivo e não são coletadas por mim de forma alguma.

O aplicativo não usa serviços de terceiros que podem coletar informações usadas para identificá-lo.

Dados de registro

Quero informar que sempre que você utiliza o meu Serviço, em caso de erro no aplicativo, eu coleto dados e informações (através de produtos de terceiros) no seu telefone chamado Log Data. Estes dados de registro podem incluir informações como endereço de protocolo de Internet ("IP") do dispositivo, nome do dispositivo, versão do sistema operacional, configuração do aplicativo ao utilizar meu serviço, hora e data de uso do serviço e outras estatísticas.

Cookies

Cookies são arquivos com uma pequena quantidade de dados que são comumente usados ​​como identificadores exclusivos anônimos. Eles são enviados para o seu navegador a partir dos sites que você visita e são armazenados na memória interna do seu dispositivo.

Este Serviço não usa esses “cookies” explicitamente. No entanto, o aplicativo pode usar código de terceiros e bibliotecas que usam “cookies” para coletar informações e melhorar seus serviços. Você tem a opção de aceitar ou recusar esses cookies e saber quando um cookie está sendo enviado para o seu dispositivo. Se você optar por recusar nossos cookies, pode não ser capaz de usar algumas partes deste Serviço.

Links para outros sites

Este serviço pode conter links para outros sites. Se você clicar em um link de terceiros, você será direcionado a esse site. Observe que esses sites externos não são operados por mim. Portanto, eu recomendo fortemente que você analise a Política de Privacidade desses sites. Não tenho controle e não assumo qualquer responsabilidade pelo conteúdo, políticas de privacidade ou práticas de quaisquer sites ou serviços de terceiros.

Privacidade das crianças

Estes Serviços não se dirigem a ninguém com idade inferior a 13 anos. Não recolho intencionalmente informações de identificação pessoal de crianças com menos de 13 anos. Se você for um pai ou responsável e estiver ciente de que seu filho nos forneceu informações pessoais, entre em contato comigo para que poderei fazer as ações necessárias.

Mudanças nesta Política de Privacidade

Posso atualizar nossa Política de Privacidade de tempos em tempos. Portanto, recomendamos que você revise esta página periodicamente para verificar quaisquer alterações. Irei notificá-lo de quaisquer alterações, postando a nova Política de Privacidade nesta página. Essas alterações entram em vigor imediatamente após serem publicadas nesta página.

Contate-Nos

Se você tiver alguma dúvida ou sugestão sobre minha Política de Privacidade, não hesite em me contatar através do e-mail daniel@inforside.com.br.

[DEUTSCH]

Daniel Medeiros hat die GeoTracker Pro-App als SERVICE entwickelt. Dieser SERVICE wird von Daniel Medeiros bereitgestellt und ist für die Verwendung im Ist-Zustand vorgesehen.

Wenn Sie meinen Service nutzen, stimmen Sie der Erfassung und Verwendung von Informationen im Rahmen dieser Richtlinie zu. Die von mir erfassten personenbezogenen Daten werden zur Bereitstellung und Verbesserung des Service verwendet. Ich werde Ihre Daten nicht verwenden oder an Dritte weitergeben, außer wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben.

Die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie verwendeten Begriffe haben dieselbe Bedeutung wie in unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen, die unter GeoTracker Pro zugänglich sind, sofern in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie nichts anderes definiert ist.

Erfassung und Verwendung von Informationen

Für ein besseres Erlebnis kann ich Sie während der Nutzung unseres Service auffordern, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. Die von mir angeforderten Informationen werden auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert und von mir in keiner Weise erfasst.

Die App verwendet keine Dienste von Drittanbietern, die möglicherweise Informationen erfassen, mit denen Sie identifiziert werden können.

Protokolldaten

Ich möchte Sie darüber informieren, dass ich bei jeder Nutzung meines Dienstes im Falle eines Fehlers in der App Daten und Informationen (über Produkte von Drittanbietern) auf Ihrem Telefon sammle, die als Protokolldaten bezeichnet werden. Diese Protokolldaten können Informationen wie die Internetprotokolladresse („IP“) Ihres Geräts, den Gerätenamen, die Betriebssystemversion, die Konfiguration der App bei Nutzung meines Dienstes, die Uhrzeit und das Datum Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes und andere Statistiken enthalten.

Cookies

Cookies sind Dateien mit einer kleinen Datenmenge, die üblicherweise als anonyme eindeutige Kennungen verwendet werden. Diese werden von den von Ihnen besuchten Websites an Ihren Browser gesendet und im internen Speicher Ihres Geräts gespeichert.

Dieser Dienst verwendet diese „Cookies“ nicht explizit. Die App kann jedoch Code und Bibliotheken von Drittanbietern verwenden, die „Cookies“ verwenden, um Informationen zu sammeln und ihre Dienste zu verbessern. Sie haben die Möglichkeit, diese Cookies entweder zu akzeptieren oder abzulehnen und zu erfahren, wann ein Cookie an Ihr Gerät gesendet wird. Wenn Sie unsere Cookies ablehnen, können Sie möglicherweise einige Teile dieses Dienstes nicht nutzen.

Links zu anderen Websites

Dieser Dienst kann Links zu anderen Websites enthalten. Wenn Sie auf einen Link eines Drittanbieters klicken, werden Sie auf diese Website weitergeleitet. Beachten Sie, dass diese externen Websites nicht von mir betrieben werden. Daher rate ich Ihnen dringend, die Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Websites zu lesen. Ich habe keine Kontrolle über den Inhalt, die Datenschutzrichtlinien oder die Praktiken von Websites oder Diensten Dritter und übernehme keine Verantwortung dafür.

Datenschutz für Kinder

Diese Dienste richten sich nicht an Personen unter 13 Jahren. Ich sammle wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern unter 13 Jahren. Wenn Sie ein Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigter sind und wissen, dass Ihr Kind uns personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung gestellt hat, kontaktieren Sie mich bitte, damit ich die erforderlichen Maßnahmen ergreifen kann.

Änderungen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie

Ich kann unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren. Daher wird Ihnen empfohlen, diese Seite regelmäßig auf Änderungen zu überprüfen. Ich werde Sie über alle Änderungen informieren, indem ich die neue Datenschutzrichtlinie auf dieser Seite veröffentliche. Diese Änderungen werden sofort nach ihrer Veröffentlichung auf dieser Seite wirksam.

Kontaktieren Sie uns

Wenn Sie Fragen oder Anregungen zu meiner Datenschutzrichtlinie haben, zögern Sie nicht, mich unter daniel@inforside.com.br zu kontaktieren.

[ITALIANO]

Daniel Medeiros ha creato l'app GeoTracker Pro come SERVIZIO. Questo SERVIZIO è fornito da Daniel Medeiros ed è destinato all'uso così com'è.

Se scegli di utilizzare il mio Servizio, accetti la raccolta e l'uso delle informazioni in relazione a questa politica. Le Informazioni personali che raccolgo vengono utilizzate per fornire e migliorare il Servizio. Non utilizzerò o condividerò le tue informazioni con nessuno, se non come descritto nella presente Informativa sulla privacy.

I termini utilizzati nella presente Informativa sulla privacy hanno lo stesso significato di quelli nei nostri Termini e condizioni, accessibili su GeoTracker Pro, salvo diversa definizione nella presente Informativa sulla privacy.

Raccolta e utilizzo delle informazioni

Per una migliore esperienza, durante l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio, potrei richiederti di fornirci alcune informazioni di identificazione personale. Le informazioni che richiedo verranno conservate sul tuo dispositivo e non verranno raccolte da me in alcun modo.

L'app non utilizza servizi di terze parti che potrebbero raccogliere informazioni utilizzate per identificarti.

Dati di registro

Desidero informarti che ogni volta che utilizzi il mio Servizio, in caso di errore nell'app raccolgo dati e informazioni (tramite prodotti di terze parti) sul tuo telefono denominati Dati di registro. Questi Dati di registro possono includere informazioni quali l'indirizzo IP ("Internet Protocol") del tuo dispositivo, il nome del dispositivo, la versione del sistema operativo, la configurazione dell'app quando utilizzi il mio Servizio, l'ora e la data del tuo utilizzo del Servizio e altre statistiche.

Cookie

I cookie sono file con una piccola quantità di dati che vengono comunemente utilizzati come identificatori univoci anonimi. Questi vengono inviati al tuo browser dai siti Web che visiti e vengono archiviati nella memoria interna del tuo dispositivo.

Questo Servizio non utilizza questi "cookie" in modo esplicito. Tuttavia, l'app può utilizzare codice e librerie di terze parti che utilizzano "cookie" per raccogliere informazioni e migliorare i propri servizi. Hai la possibilità di accettare o rifiutare questi cookie e sapere quando un cookie viene inviato al tuo dispositivo. Se scegli di rifiutare i nostri cookie, potresti non essere in grado di utilizzare alcune parti di questo Servizio.

Link ad altri siti

Questo Servizio potrebbe contenere link ad altri siti. Se clicchi su un link di terze parti, verrai indirizzato a quel sito. Nota che questi siti esterni non sono gestiti da me. Pertanto, ti consiglio vivamente di leggere l'Informativa sulla privacy di questi siti web. Non ho alcun controllo e non mi assumo alcuna responsabilità per il contenuto, le informative sulla privacy o le pratiche di siti o servizi di terze parti.

Privacy dei bambini

Questi Servizi non si rivolgono a persone di età inferiore a 13 anni. Non raccolgo consapevolmente informazioni personali identificabili da bambini di età inferiore a 13 anni. Se sei un genitore o un tutore e sei a conoscenza del fatto che tuo figlio ci ha fornito informazioni personali, ti preghiamo di contattarmi in modo che io possa intraprendere le azioni necessarie.

Modifiche alla presente Informativa sulla privacy

Potrei aggiornare la nostra Informativa sulla privacy di tanto in tanto. Pertanto, ti consigliamo di leggere periodicamente questa pagina per eventuali modifiche. Ti informerò di eventuali modifiche pubblicando la nuova Informativa sulla privacy su questa pagina. Tali modifiche saranno effettive immediatamente dopo la loro pubblicazione su questa pagina.

Contattaci

Se hai domande o suggerimenti sulla mia Informativa sulla privacy, non esitare a contattarmi all'indirizzo daniel@inforside.com.br.

[FRENCH]

Daniel Medeiros a créé l'application GeoTracker Pro en tant que SERVICE. Ce SERVICE est fourni par Daniel Medeiros et est destiné à être utilisé tel quel.

Si vous choisissez d'utiliser mon Service, vous acceptez la collecte et l'utilisation des informations en relation avec cette politique. Les informations personnelles que je collecte sont utilisées pour fournir et améliorer le Service. Je n'utiliserai ni ne partagerai vos informations avec quiconque, sauf comme décrit dans la présente politique de confidentialité.

Les termes utilisés dans la présente politique de confidentialité ont la même signification que dans nos conditions générales, accessibles sur GeoTracker Pro, sauf définition contraire dans la présente politique de confidentialité.

Collecte et utilisation des informations

Pour une meilleure expérience, lors de l'utilisation de notre service, je peux vous demander de nous fournir certaines informations personnellement identifiables. Les informations que je demande seront conservées sur votre appareil et ne sont en aucun cas collectées par moi.

L'application n'utilise pas de services tiers susceptibles de collecter des informations utilisées pour vous identifier.

Données de journal

Je tiens à vous informer que chaque fois que vous utilisez mon Service, en cas d'erreur dans l'application, je collecte des données et des informations (via des produits tiers) sur votre téléphone appelées Données de journal. Ces données de journal peuvent inclure des informations telles que l'adresse IP (Internet Protocol) de votre appareil, le nom de l'appareil, la version du système d'exploitation, la configuration de l'application lors de l'utilisation de mon Service, l'heure et la date de votre utilisation du Service et d'autres statistiques.

Cookies

Les cookies sont des fichiers contenant une petite quantité de données qui sont couramment utilisés comme identifiants uniques anonymes. Ils sont envoyés à votre navigateur à partir des sites Web que vous visitez et sont stockés dans la mémoire interne de votre appareil.

Ce service n'utilise pas explicitement ces « cookies ». Cependant, l'application peut utiliser du code et des bibliothèques tiers qui utilisent des « cookies » pour collecter des informations et améliorer leurs services. Vous avez la possibilité d'accepter ou de refuser ces cookies et de savoir quand un cookie est envoyé à votre appareil. Si vous choisissez de refuser nos cookies, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas utiliser certaines parties de ce service.

Liens vers d'autres sites

Ce service peut contenir des liens vers d'autres sites. Si vous cliquez sur un lien tiers, vous serez redirigé vers ce site. Notez que ces sites externes ne sont pas exploités par moi. Par conséquent, je vous conseille vivement de consulter la politique de confidentialité de ces sites Web. Je n'ai aucun contrôle sur le contenu, les politiques de confidentialité ou les pratiques de tout site ou service tiers et n'assume aucune responsabilité à cet égard.

Confidentialité des enfants

Ces services ne s'adressent pas aux personnes de moins de 13 ans. Je ne collecte pas sciemment d'informations personnelles identifiables auprès d'enfants de moins de 13 ans. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous savez que votre enfant nous a fourni des informations personnelles, veuillez me contacter afin que je puisse prendre les mesures nécessaires.

Modifications de cette politique de confidentialité

Je peux mettre à jour notre politique de confidentialité de temps à autre. Par conséquent, il vous est conseillé de consulter cette page périodiquement pour tout changement. Je vous informerai de tout changement en publiant la nouvelle politique de confidentialité sur cette page. Ces modifications entrent en vigueur immédiatement après leur publication sur cette page.

Contactez-nous

Si vous avez des questions ou des suggestions concernant ma politique de confidentialité, n'hésitez pas à me contacter à l'adresse daniel@inforside.com.br.

[РУССКИЙ]

Даниэль Медейрос создал приложение GeoTracker Pro как УСЛУГУ. Эта УСЛУГА предоставляется Даниэлем Медейросом и предназначена для использования «как есть».

Если вы решите использовать мою Услугу, вы соглашаетесь на сбор и использование информации в соответствии с этой политикой. Персональная информация, которую я собираю, используется для предоставления и улучшения Услуги. Я не буду использовать или передавать вашу информацию кому-либо, кроме случаев, описанных в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности.

Термины, используемые в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности, имеют те же значения, что и в наших Условиях и положениях, которые доступны в GeoTracker Pro, если иное не определено в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности.

Сбор и использование информации

Для лучшего опыта при использовании нашей Услуги я могу потребовать от вас предоставить нам определенную персональную информацию. Запрашиваемая мной информация будет сохранена на вашем устройстве и не собирается мной каким-либо образом.

Приложение не использует сторонние сервисы, которые могут собирать информацию, используемую для вашей идентификации.

Данные журнала

Я хочу сообщить вам, что всякий раз, когда вы используете мой Сервис, в случае ошибки в приложении я собираю данные и информацию (через сторонние продукты) на вашем телефоне, называемые данными журнала. Эти данные журнала могут включать в себя такую ​​информацию, как адрес интернет-протокола («IP») вашего устройства, имя устройства, версию операционной системы, конфигурацию приложения при использовании моего Сервиса, время и дату вашего использования Сервиса и другую статистику.

Файлы cookie

Файлы cookie — это файлы с небольшим объемом данных, которые обычно используются в качестве анонимных уникальных идентификаторов. Они отправляются в ваш браузер с веб-сайтов, которые вы посещаете, и хранятся во внутренней памяти вашего устройства.

Этот Сервис не использует эти «куки» явно. Однако приложение может использовать сторонний код и библиотеки, которые используют «куки» для сбора информации и улучшения своих услуг. У вас есть возможность принять или отказаться от этих файлов cookie и узнать, когда файл cookie отправляется на ваше устройство. Если вы решите отказаться от наших файлов cookie, вы не сможете использовать некоторые части этого Сервиса.

Ссылки на другие сайты

Эта Служба может содержать ссылки на другие сайты. Если вы нажмете на стороннюю ссылку, вы будете перенаправлены на этот сайт. Обратите внимание, что эти внешние сайты не управляются мной. Поэтому я настоятельно рекомендую вам ознакомиться с Политикой конфиденциальности этих веб-сайтов. Я не контролирую и не несу ответственности за содержание, политику конфиденциальности или практику любых сторонних сайтов или служб.

Конфиденциальность детей

Эти Службы не предназначены для лиц младше 13 лет. Я сознательно не собираю личную информацию от детей младше 13 лет. Если вы являетесь родителем или опекуном и знаете, что ваш ребенок предоставил нам личную информацию, свяжитесь со мной, чтобы я мог выполнить необходимые действия.

Изменения в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности

Я могу время от времени обновлять нашу Политику конфиденциальности. Поэтому вам рекомендуется периодически просматривать эту страницу на предмет любых изменений. Я сообщу вам о любых изменениях, разместив новую Политику конфиденциальности на этой странице. Эти изменения вступают в силу немедленно после их публикации на этой странице.

Свяжитесь с нами

Если у вас есть вопросы или предложения по моей Политике конфиденциальности, не стесняйтесь обращаться ко мне по адресу daniel@inforside.com.br.

[日本語]

Daniel Medeiros は、GeoTracker Pro アプリをサービスとして構築しました。このサービスは Daniel Medeiros によって提供され、そのまま使用することを目的としています。

お客様が私のサービスを使用することを選択した場合、お客様はこのポリシーに関連する情報の収集と使用に同意するものとします。私が収集する個人情報は、サービスの提供と改善のために使用されます。このプライバシー ポリシーに記載されている場合を除き、お客様の情報を他の誰かと共有することはありません。

このプライバシー ポリシーで使用される用語は、このプライバシー ポリシーで別途定義されていない限り、GeoTracker Pro でアクセスできる利用規約と同じ意味を持ちます。

情報の収集と使用

より良い体験を提供するために、当社のサービスを使用する際に、特定の個人を特定できる情報の提供をお願いすることがあります。私が要求する情報は、お客様のデバイスに保存され、私が収集することはありません。

このアプリは、お客様を特定するために使用される情報を収集する可能性のあるサードパーティのサービスを使用しません。

ログデータ

お客様が本サービスをご利用になる際、アプリにエラーが発生した場合、ログデータと呼ばれるデータと情報を（サードパーティ製品を通じて）お客様の携帯電話から収集することをお知らせします。このログデータには、お客様のデバイスのインターネット プロトコル（「IP」）アドレス、デバイス名、オペレーティング システムのバージョン、本サービスの利用時のアプリの構成、お客様が本サービスを使用した日時、その他の統計情報などの情報が含まれる場合があります。

Cookie

Cookie は、匿名の一意の識別子として一般的に使用される少量のデータを含むファイルです。これらは、お客様がアクセスした Web サイトからお客様のブラウザーに送信され、お客様のデバイスの内部メモリに保存されます。

本サービスでは、これらの「Cookie」を明示的に使用しません。ただし、アプリでは、情報を収集してサービスを改善するために「Cookie」を使用するサードパーティのコードとライブラリを使用する場合があります。お客様は、これらの Cookie を受け入れるか拒否するかを選択でき、Cookie がデバイスに送信されるタイミングを知ることができます。当社の Cookie を拒否することを選択した場合、本サービスの一部を使用できない場合があります。

他のサイトへのリンク

本サービスには、他のサイトへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。サードパーティのリンクをクリックすると、そのサイトに移動します。これらの外部サイトは私が運営しているものではありません。したがって、これらの Web サイトのプライバシー ポリシーを確認することを強くお勧めします。サードパーティのサイトまたはサービスのコンテンツ、プライバシー ポリシー、または慣行については、私が管理しておらず、一切の責任を負いません。

子供のプライバシー

これらのサービスは、13 歳未満の方を対象としていません。私は、13 歳未満の子供から個人を特定できる情報を故意に収集することはありません。あなたが親または保護者であり、お子様が個人情報を当社に提供したことを知っている場合は、必要な措置を講じることができるように私に連絡してください。

このプライバシー ポリシーの変更

私は、プライバシー ポリシーを随時更新する場合があります。したがって、このページを定期的に確認して、変更がないか確認することをお勧めします。このページに新しいプライバシー ポリシーを掲載することにより、変更があったことをお知らせします。これらの変更は、このページに掲載された直後に有効になります。

お問い合わせ

プライバシーポリシーについてご質問やご提案がございましたら、お気軽に daniel@inforside.com.br までご連絡ください。

[INDONESIA]

Daniel Medeiros membuat aplikasi GeoTracker Pro sebagai LAYANAN. LAYANAN ini disediakan oleh Daniel Medeiros dan ditujukan untuk digunakan sebagaimana adanya.

Jika Anda memilih untuk menggunakan Layanan saya, maka Anda setuju dengan pengumpulan dan penggunaan informasi yang terkait dengan kebijakan ini. Informasi Pribadi yang saya kumpulkan digunakan untuk menyediakan dan meningkatkan Layanan. Saya tidak akan menggunakan atau membagikan informasi Anda kepada siapa pun kecuali sebagaimana dijelaskan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini.

Istilah yang digunakan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini memiliki arti yang sama seperti dalam Syarat dan Ketentuan kami, yang dapat diakses di GeoTracker Pro kecuali didefinisikan lain dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini.

Pengumpulan dan Penggunaan Informasi

Untuk pengalaman yang lebih baik, saat menggunakan Layanan kami, saya mungkin meminta Anda untuk memberikan kami informasi identitas pribadi tertentu. Informasi yang saya minta akan disimpan di perangkat Anda dan tidak dikumpulkan oleh saya dengan cara apa pun.

Aplikasi ini tidak menggunakan layanan pihak ketiga yang dapat mengumpulkan informasi yang digunakan untuk mengidentifikasi Anda.

Data Log

Saya ingin memberi tahu Anda bahwa setiap kali Anda menggunakan Layanan saya, jika terjadi kesalahan pada aplikasi, saya mengumpulkan data dan informasi (melalui produk pihak ketiga) di ponsel Anda yang disebut Data Log. Data Log ini dapat mencakup informasi seperti alamat Protokol Internet (“IP”) perangkat Anda, nama perangkat, versi sistem operasi, konfigurasi aplikasi saat menggunakan Layanan saya, waktu dan tanggal penggunaan Layanan oleh Anda, dan statistik lainnya.

Cookie

Cookie adalah file dengan sejumlah kecil data yang umumnya digunakan sebagai pengenal unik anonim. Cookie ini dikirim ke browser Anda dari situs web yang Anda kunjungi dan disimpan di memori internal perangkat Anda.

Layanan ini tidak menggunakan “cookie” ini secara eksplisit. Namun, aplikasi dapat menggunakan kode dan pustaka pihak ketiga yang menggunakan “cookie” untuk mengumpulkan informasi dan meningkatkan layanan mereka. Anda memiliki pilihan untuk menerima atau menolak cookie ini dan mengetahui kapan cookie dikirim ke perangkat Anda. Jika Anda memilih untuk menolak cookie kami, Anda mungkin tidak dapat menggunakan beberapa bagian dari Layanan ini.

Tautan ke Situs Lain

Layanan ini mungkin berisi tautan ke situs lain. Jika Anda mengeklik tautan pihak ketiga, Anda akan diarahkan ke situs tersebut. Harap diperhatikan bahwa situs eksternal ini tidak dioperasikan oleh saya. Oleh karena itu, saya sangat menyarankan Anda untuk meninjau Kebijakan Privasi situs web ini. Saya tidak memiliki kendali atas dan tidak bertanggung jawab atas konten, kebijakan privasi, atau praktik situs atau layanan pihak ketiga mana pun.

Privasi Anak

Layanan ini tidak ditujukan kepada siapa pun yang berusia di bawah 13 tahun. Saya tidak dengan sengaja mengumpulkan informasi identitas pribadi dari anak-anak di bawah 13 tahun. Jika Anda adalah orang tua atau wali dan Anda mengetahui bahwa anak Anda telah memberikan informasi pribadi kepada kami, silakan hubungi saya sehingga saya dapat melakukan tindakan yang diperlukan.

Perubahan pada Kebijakan Privasi Ini

Saya dapat memperbarui Kebijakan Privasi kami dari waktu ke waktu. Oleh karena itu, Anda disarankan untuk meninjau halaman ini secara berkala untuk mengetahui perubahan apa pun. Saya akan memberi tahu Anda tentang perubahan apa pun dengan mengeposkan Kebijakan Privasi baru di halaman ini. Perubahan ini berlaku segera setelah diposkan di halaman ini.

Hubungi Kami

Jika Anda memiliki pertanyaan atau saran tentang Kebijakan Privasi saya, jangan ragu untuk menghubungi saya di daniel@inforside.com.br.