Privacy Notice
This privacy notice tells you how your personal data is used and protected when you access the Revenu app and use the Revenu services (including the Revenu websites and Revenu platform operated by us) (together “
Revenu Services
”) and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
In this privacy notice when we say “
BankiFi
” or “
we
” or “
us
” or “
our
” we mean BankiFi Technology Limited. Our registered company number is 10696778. Our registered office is Centurion House, 129 Deansgate, Manchester, M3 3WR and we can be contacted at
revenu.support@bankifi.com
. BankiFi is the data controller responsible for your personal data.
When we say “you” or “your”, we mean the person whose personal data we process as a result of that person or another person’s use of the Revenu Services.
1. KEY INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5. PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
8. DATA SECURITY
9. KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
10. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
1. KEY INFORMATION
Other privacy documents: It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing policy we provide to you on specific occasions when we collect or process personal data about you so that you are aware of how and why we use your personal data.
Contacting our data protection representative: We have appointed a data protection representative who is responsible for overseeing questions about this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data protection representative using the details set out below:
Email address:
revenu.support@bankifi.com
Postal address: Bankifi Technology Limited, Beehive Lofts, Jersey Street, Manchester, M4 6JG
Contacting the UK data protection regulator: We hope you will let us have an opportunity to deal with any concerns about our use of your personal data. However, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office – the UK regulator for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
).
Updating our privacy notice: We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This version was last updated on
28.01.2022
. You can obtain older versions by contacting us.
Links to other services: The Revenu Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share personal data about you. We do not control these third-party services and are not responsible for their privacy notices and arrangements. When you leave the Revenu Services, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every service you visit.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual that can be used to identify that person. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you or any person whose personal data you provide to us, and which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title.
Contact Data
includes business name and contact details, billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other transaction details from your use of Revenu Services.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access Revenu Services.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use Revenu Services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not personal data in law as it will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific part of the Revenu Services. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
The Revenu Services are not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect your personal data in the following ways:
Direct engagement with us:
This is where you or another user give us your personal data by filling in forms on the Revenu Services or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services or subsequently use them.
create an account on the Revenu Services.
subscribe to any Revenu Services or publications.
request marketing to be sent to you.
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies:
When you interact with the Revenu Services, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using server logs and other similar technologies.
Information obtained from third parties or publicly available sources:
We receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data
from analytics providers [such as Google based outside of the UK]
Identity
and
Contact Data
from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the UK.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to use it to perform a contract we are about to enter or have entered with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
In most circumstances the legal basis we rely on to process your personal data is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party). Where that is the case, the relevant legitimate interests are:
our legitimate interests in complying with our contractual obligations to you
our legitimate interests in complying with our statutory and regulatory obligations, and the requirements of our regulators
our legitimate interests in keeping our records updated
our legitimate interests in assessing how customers use the Revenu Services, and our products/services available through them, and improving marketing and products/services offered to our customers
our legitimate interests in running our business, administering IT services used within it, managing network security, and preventing fraud
We do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than where it is to send third party direct marketing communications to you by email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
5. PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The following purposes are those for which we use your personal data. We may use the same piece of personal data for more than one purpose.
To register you as a new customer
To process and deliver your requests (and those of others you have a transactional relationship with) for our products and/or services through the Revenu Services
To manage our relationship with you, including by telling you about changes to our terms or privacy policy, or asking you to leave a review or take a survey
To enable you to take part in a prize draw or competition
To administer and protect our business and the Revenu Services (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
To use data analytics to improve the Revenu Services, and/or marketing, customer relationships, or experiences.
To make recommendations about goods or services that may be of interest to you (we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes).
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so or seek your consent if a suitable legal basis does not apply.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
6. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the following third parties:
internal third parties – other companies in the same group of companies as Bankifi who are based in the UK and provide IT and system administration services.
external third parties:
service providers (acting as data processors) who provide IT and system administration services.
professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services];
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
fraud prevention agencies.
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We do not transfer your personal data outside of the UK
8. DATA SECURITY
We put in place appropriate security measures to minimise the risk of your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We limit access to your personal data to those personnel who have a business need to know. They only process your personal data on our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
We are ISO27001 accredited, which means that we adhere to proper policies and procedures in protecting all information we hold, including personal data.
9. KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only keep your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including to satisfy any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period if there is a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
We consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, and the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure in determining the appropriate retention period for personal data.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request by contacting us.
10. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the following rights under data protection law in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data (‘data subject access request’ or ‘DSAR’):
This allows you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to confirm information showing that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your personal data:
This allows you to have us correct or update any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you (subject to us verifying the accuracy of the new data).
Request erasure of your personal data:
This allows you to ask us to delete or remove personal data if we have no good reason for continuing to process it, where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we have to erase your personal data to comply with local law. We may not always be able to comply with your request for specific legal reasons which we will notify to you, if applicable, at the time. If you wish to make this type of request please contact us at revenu.erasure@bankifi.com.
Object to processing of your personal data:
This allows you to object to us processing your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something in your circumstances which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. This also allows you to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing your personal data:
This allows you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data where: (i) you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (ii) our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (iii) you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; (iv) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request transfer of your personal data:
This allows you to ask us to send you, or a third party you nominate, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. This only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Right to withdraw consent:
This allows you to ask us to stop processing your personal data where we are relying on your consent to process it. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
You do not have to pay a fee to exercise your rights over your personal data. However, if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive we are allowed to refuse to comply with it. If that is the case, we may be prepared to comply with your request if you pay a reasonable fee.
We may need specific information from you to help us confirm your identity before complying with any request to exercise your rights over your personal data. This is to ensure we do not disclose that personal data to any person who does not have the right to receive it. We may also ask you for further information about your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. If we are allowed to take longer (e.g., because your request is particularly complex, or you have made a number of requests) we will notify you and keep you updated of the timeframe for our response.
Version 3.0
November 2024