PRIVACY POLICY
​
The user is requested to read this privacy policy before making any use of the Platform ("
terms of use
"), and/or the terms of use offered and/or provided on the Platform ("
site services
"). The terms of use apply to this privacy policy and are an integral part of it.
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to
use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of
transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable,
and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Treat unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
​
1.PRIVACY POLICY
1.1 While using the Platform and/or the Platform services and/or accessing the Platform, you express your agreement that you have read and accepted the conditions contained in this privacy policy and that Treat will collect your personal information and use it. If you do not agree to any of the conditions listed below, you must refrain from entering and/or connecting and/or using the Platform and/or the Platform's services.
1.2 Treat respects the privacy of its users and therefore we have detailed in this privacy policy how we intend to use your private personal information that may reach us through using of the Platform.
1.3 The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
1.4 The information is collected by us independently or through receiving services from third parties, and it is collected through your access to the site and your use of the site's services.
1.5
Links to Other Sites
– This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
​
2. USE OF INFORMATION AND SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
​
2.1 The app uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you, for instance: Google    Play    Services, AdMob, Google    Analytics    for    Firebase, Firebase  Crashlytics, Facebook, Unity (attached Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app).
2.2 We employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
2.3
Log    Data
– whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“
IP
”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
​
3. COOKIES
3.1 Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. During your use of the Platform and Platform services, we may use technology that is accepted in the industry and known as cookies ("
tracking technology
").
This Service use these “cookies” explicitly. The app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
​
4. YOUR RIGHTS
​
4.1 In accordance with the Privacy Protection Law (1981) and the regulations established by it- the user has the right to the personal identification information we have collected on his network/internet. The user has the right to the personal information we process about him; The user has the right to correction or deletion - the surfer needs to require us to update/correct the information when it is inaccurate or incomplete, or request that we delete his personal information.
4.2 If you wish to exercise your right as indicated above, we will ask you to send us an email to the following address:
info@treatva.com
with details that will allow us to verify your identity.
​
5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
​
6.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
​
6.1 The provisions of the privacy policy are an inseparable part of the Platform, and the information collected on it, and should not be separated, in any way, from the terms of use. Treat reserves the right to change the privacy policy at any time and asks all users to visit this page as often as possible.
6.2 The changes in the privacy policy will enter into force on the date of the last update of this privacy policy, and the continued use of the Platform and/or Platform services after the date of the last update will constitute the user's agreement that the changes will bind him. If the privacy policy is amended to comply with any legal requirement, the amendments may take effect immediately, as required by law, without any prior notice.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
us at
info@treatva.com
.