GO TO UNITEDRUGBY.COM
HOME
LIVE
REPLAY
VIDEO
MATCH CENTRE
SUPPORT
BUY
LOGIN
BUY
SIGN IN
Pro Rugby Championship DAC ("PRC") is the rights owner and licensor of OTT rights in and to the competition known as United Rugby Championship ("URC"). PRC wishes to make available URC content on an OTT basis under the brand name "URC OTT" (which name and title is owned by PRC). The URC OTT service will be powered by its authorised licensee Raidio Teilifis Eireann Commercial Enterprises DAC ("RTÉ CEL"). This service is called "URC TV" throughout the remainder of this policy.
What does this policy cover?
This policy describes how URC TV makes use of your data in order to provide the service. It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing carried out by URC TV. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in the "What rights do I have?" section.
This policy does not describe how either PRC makes use of your data when you set up a URC Account or how either PRC or RTÉ CEL uses your data for the purposes of direct marketing. You can find out more about this processing in the
URC Privacy Policy
and
RTÉ Privacy Policy
respectively.
Each of PRC and RTÉ will be joint data controllers for the purposes of the provision of the URC TV service.
Summary of how URC TV uses your data
URCTV uses your personal data to provide you with the service, including providing you with personalised content and advertising, and processing your data as necessary for any purchases you make through URCTV.
Where URC TV relies on your consent, such as for sending certain marketing communications, or to place cookies, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
Data is shared with a number of data processors, who help provide the URC TV platform and with analytical services. Where you consent, URC TV may use your data to contact you with certain marketing communications. With your consent, your data may also be shared with clubs or URC's selected partners, so that they can send you marketing about the products and services. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
URC TV uses cookies and other tracking technologies to personalise content and advertising and to make our content function better.
URC TV's privacy policy sets out more details of this processing, including details of your data protection rights, including your right to object to certain processing.
What personal data does URC TV collect?
URC TV collects and processes personal data about you when you interact with us and our websites and apps, and when you register for the URCTV service. This data will typically be provided directly by you, and may include information you provide on registration, such as your name, address, email address, and marketing preferences. It may also include data you provide in the course of making payments for purchases. The details being provided by you will be made clear in forms you complete or will be provided directly by you in surveys, in registering for services, or in volunteering information in communications or content you provide us.
What information does URC TV generate or receive from third parties?
URC TV may generate or collect information about you ourselves. In an online context, much of this is set out in its Cookies Policy. URC TV will create and collect information about your use of URCTV, including which videos you have viewed and any purchases you have made.
Sometimes, URC TV receives information about you from third parties. For example, if you login using your existing URC account, it will use this data to allow you to access the URCTV services. We may also receive information about you from social media site. For example, if you use a "like" or a "share" button for a feature on our sites or apps, then the third-party social media site will share information with us. We may also obtain information about you from third party analytics providers, which we may use to help us better understand our users and send them appropriate offers and information.
How does URC TV use this information, and what is the legal basis for this use?
URC TV processes this personal data for the following purposes:
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you make use of the URC TV service, make a purchase from us or enter a competition or online game we run. This includes:
verifying your identity;
receiving confirmation of payment;
communicating with you; and
providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products, prizes or services.
As required by URCTV to conduct its business and pursue its legitimate interests, in particular:
it will use your information to provide products and services you have requested and to respond to any comments or complaints you may send us;
it uses information you provide to personalise our website, games, products or services for you and provide you with direct marketing where we are not required to seek your consent;
it uses information you provide as well as information which we have collected about you to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about URC TV;
it will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation); and
it uses data of some individuals to invite them to take part in market research.
Where you give consent:
URC TV will send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services, or those of URC's partners, or will share your data with your favourite club or URC's carefully selected partners and sponsors;
URC TV places cookies and uses similar technologies in accordance with our Cookies Policy and the information provided to you when those technologies are used; and
on other occasions where URC TV asks you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes which are required by law:
URC TV will collect your age to ensure that we do not sent marketing to individuals where we would be required to obtain parental consent;
URC TV will comply with applicable laws, including processing information to comply with EU portability requirements; and
where in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
Wherever URC TV relies on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your data for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, URC TV is able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication where this is an electronic message, or by contacting us using the details set out below.
What cookies and/or tracking technologies does URCTV use?
When you visit one of the URC TV websites or apps, it may also collect, process and use information about you and your use of the website, including any forums you visit and how you arrived at our site. Such information may be collected through "traffic data" and may entail the use of "cookies" or other tracking technologies, IP addresses or other numeric codes used to identify your computer. For more information on Cookies please click on the link to the
URC TV Cookies Policy.
Who will URC TV share this data with, where and when?
URC TV will share your personal data between the URCTV partners as necessary to provide the products and services you have requested. Your data will also be shared with URC to maintain a single sign-on account and single customer view across URC's products and services.
URC TV will share your data with PRC, RTÉ, your favourite club and URC partners where you have given your consent to their processing of your data for marketing purposes.
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
Personal data will also be shared with third party service providers, who will process it on behalf of the URCTV partner for the purposes identified above. Such third parties include providers of website hosting, payment processing, data analysis and IT support services. Some of URC TV's suppliers may be separate data controllers, such as market research organisations, and may provide you with their own privacy notice where appropriate.
Where information is transferred outside the UK and EEA, and where this is to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to a valid adequacy decision by the relevant organisation, data is adequately protected by approved standard contractual clauses, or another method permitted under applicable law. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review on request by contacting us using the details set out below.
What rights do I have?
You have the right to
ask for a copy
of your personal data; to
correct, delete or restrict
(stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to
obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format.
In addition, you can
object
to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don't have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
These
rights may be limited
, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where it would infringe the rights of a third party (including URC TV's rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. Relevant exemptions are included in both the GDPR and in the Data Protection Act 2018. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
To exercise any of these rights, you can get in touch with URC TV using the details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the
right to complain
to a data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
Data that is mandatory is indicated on relevant forms that you complete. Where provision of data is mandatory, if relevant data is not provided, then we will not be able to fulfil your requests to register, make a purchase or otherwise engage with URCTV. All other provision of your information is optional.
How do I get in touch with URC TV?
URC TV hopes that it can satisfy queries you may have about the way your data is processed. If you would like to opt out of direct marketing, you can use the unsubscribe links within a marketing message you have received, or you can contact URC at
privacy@unitedrugby.com
. If you would like to stop marketing by RTE CEL DAC you can contact the RTÉ helpdesk at
info@rte.ie
or our Data Protection Office at
dpo@rte.ie
.
How long will URC TV retain my data?
Where URC TV processes data in connection with your URCTV account, this is done until you deactivate your registration. URC TV retains payment information only as long as is necessary to process your payment, unless you ask URC TV to retain your payment information for future purchases.
Where URC TV processes personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, URC TV processes the data until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). URC TV also keeps a record of the fact that you have asked not to send direct marketing or to process your data indefinitely, so that your request can be respected in future.
Where URC TV processes personal data in connection with performing a contract, online game or for a competition, URC TV keeps the data for 7 years from your last interaction with URC TV or from when the contract ends.
Where URC TV processes personal data to meet legal requirements, URC TV holds this for as long as the law requires.
Effective Date: This URC TV Privacy Policy was updated on 8th September 2021 and is effective as of that date.
The terms of this Privacy Policy may be reviewed and updated from time to time.
×
SIGN IN
|
REGISTER
Sign in with your existing URC account, or create a new account, to register for URC TV and get this and much more.
Sign in with your existing URC account, or create a new account, to register for URC TV and get this and much more.
EXCLUSIVE URC VIDEO ON DEMAND
EXCLUSIVE NEWS AND FEATURES
POST MATCH HIGHLIGHTS
EMAIL
PASSWORD
Remember me
SIGN IN
REGISTER
FORGOT PASSWORD
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
DATE OF BIRTH
COUNTRY
Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czechia
Côte d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States Minor Outlying Islands
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
POSTCODE
EMAIL
PASSWORD
CONFIRM PASSWORD
CLUB
Club
Benetton Rugby
Cardiff Blues
Connacht Rugby
DHL Stormers
Dragons
Edinburgh Rugby
Emirates Lions
Glasgow Warriors
Hollywoodbets Sharks
Leinster Rugby
Munster Rugby
Ospreys
Scarlets
Ulster Rugby
Vodacom Bulls
Zebre Parma
Other / None
I agree to the URC TV
Terms & Conditions
and understand that a URC Account will be created.
Please tick here to receive news, information and offers from URC.
Please tick here to receive carefully selected information and offers from your selected URC club.
Please tick here to receive carefully selected information and offers from
official partners of URC
.
Please tick here to receive communications from RTÉ. Your personal data will be processed in accordance with RTÉ’s
Privacy Policy
.
You can withdraw your consent to marketing at any time.
Your data will be processed by URC and RTÉ for the purposes of providing you with URC TV. To find out more about how we handle your personal data for these services, and your data protection rights,
                see the
URCTV Privacy Policy
. URC will process your data in order to provide you with a universal sign-on to URC-related services as part of your URC Account,
                to analyse and understand their fan base and send you direct marketing where permitted. To find out more about how URC processes your data, and your data protection rights, visit the
URC Privacy Policy
.
REGISTER
SIGN IN
FORGOT PASSWORD
Please complete your registration below.
I agree to the URC TV
Terms & Conditions
and understand that a URC Account will be created.
Please tick here to receive news, information and offers from URC.
Please tick here to receive carefully selected information and offers from your selected URC club.
Please tick here to receive carefully selected information and offers from
official partners of URC
.
Please tick here to receive communications from RTÉ. Your personal data will be processed in accordance with RTÉ’s
Privacy Policy
.
You can withdraw your consent to marketing at any time.
Your data will be processed by URC and RTÉ for the purposes of providing you with URC TV. To find out more about how we handle your personal data for these services, and your data protection rights,
                  see the
URCTV Privacy Policy
. URC will process your data in order to provide you with a universal sign-on to URC-related services as part of your URC Account,
                  to analyse and understand their fan base and send you direct marketing where permitted. To find out more about how URC processes your data, and your data protection rights, visit the
URC Privacy Policy
.
CREATE MY ACCOUNT
Thank you
Thank you for purchasing from URC TV
An email has been sent to you with receipt and access details
Share
Let your friends know what you're watching
OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to enhance your user experience, personalise content and show you more relevant adverts about our great products.
Click "Accept all" if you agree to the use of cookies and our partners.
Alternatively, click “Manage Cookies” to understand more about
our privacy and cookie
notice and to choose the type of cookies you are happy for us to use.
Accept All
Manage Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
.
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.unitedrugby.com/privacy-policy:
Our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to enhance your user experience, personalise content and show you more relevant adverts about our great products.
Click "Accept all" if you agree to the use of cookies and our partners.
Alternatively, click “Manage Cookies” to understand more about
our privacy and cookie
notice and to choose the type of cookies you are happy for us to use.
ACCEPT ALL
MANAGE COOKIES
MANAGE CONSENT PREFERENCES
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
REJECT ALL
CONFIRM SELECTION
Sub-policy 1
https://about.rte.ie/ie/reports-and-policies/privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.unitedrugby.com/cookie-policy:
Cookie Policy
What is a Cookie
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The length of time a cookie will stay on your browsing device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your browsing device after you have finished browsing until they expire or are deleted.  They don’t give us any access to your computer or any information about you, other than data you have chosen to share with us.
Our site uses the following types of cookies for the following purposes.
Functional Cookies
These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session. They help make the registration process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.
Marketing & Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to improve the site’s functionality by tracking usage on this website and enable us to deliver you an optimal content experience. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored content and a sub-optimal user experience.
We use cookies from tools provided by Google (Google Analytics and GA Audiences) and Snowplow to collect information about how people use our site, such as which pages are most frequently visited, and how people are moving from one link to another. These cookies and similar technologies provide us with analytical information about how our site is performing and how we can improve it as well allow us to serve content based on your user behaviour, e.g. your location or your device type.
Managing cookies
If you have a PRO14 Xtra account you can manage your cookie preferences with your
My URC account profile
at any time.
You can also use your browser settings to withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time and delete cookies that have already been set. Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using the site.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Apple Safari
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. You can also use services like Ghostery to prevent many cookies from tracking you across the web.
Sell also our:
Privacy Policy
Our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to enhance your user experience, personalise content and show you more relevant adverts about our great products.
Click "Accept all" if you agree to the use of cookies and our partners.
Alternatively, click “Manage Cookies” to understand more about
our privacy and cookie
notice and to choose the type of cookies you are happy for us to use.
ACCEPT ALL
MANAGE COOKIES
MANAGE CONSENT PREFERENCES
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
REJECT ALL
CONFIRM SELECTION