Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 25, 2021
● Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products. We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
● Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
● Information we get from your use of our services
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). Fabula will not share that information with third parties.
● Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Fabula when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Fabula will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the "last modified" date of the privacy statement. Your privacy is important to Fabula.