This privacy policy sets out how Trackabi LLC uses and protects any information that you give Trackabi LLC when you use this website.
Trackabi LLC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Private Information We Collect
We collect information that you voluntarily give us via the website forms, email or other direct contacts. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. Notwithstanding the above, we may indeed disclose personal information if required to do so by subpoenas, court orders or legal process or when such disclosure is made for establishment or exercise of legal rights or in defending against a legal claim, or as otherwise required by law.
We may also collect and temporarily store certain website usage information automatically. This information helps us to improve and customize our website in favor of our visitors and may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (’IP’) address, browser type, referring/existing pages and URLs, domain names, pages viewed and the date and time of your request and other information that uniquely identify your browser.
Location Data
Location data is collected via the Trackabi mobile application to record user routes while tracking time. The location data is collected only while the timer is running, including while the application is in the background mode.
When you start the timer in the mobile application for the first time, you will see a request prompted by your device for permission to share your location information. You should select to allow access to location data ALWAYS to enable tracking routes in the background mode.
Linked Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
Upon a user’s request, we shall remove all the user’s data from the website. All removed user’s data shall be kept for three additional months (offline) before deletion.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, we can not fully control and therefore can not be liable for all interruptions, intrusions, errors, loss of data or any other interferences with the use of this website caused by a breach of security.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall we be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the website and the materials in it. Without derogating the aforementioned, in no event shall our total liability exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the site.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
Trackabi LLC may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 1, 2018.
Contact Information
For any question or to request modification or deletion of your personal information, please email support@trackabi.com
Trackabi LLC
14261 SW 120th St, STE 103-277
Miami, FL 33186
USA
theme_flash_true
Close
Trackabi.com uses cookies to deliver better service to you. By clicking "Accept cookies" or continue using our website, you agree with the cookies.
Сhange your cookie preference or read more about cookies.
Accept Cookies
×