Investing involves risks, including loss of capital, illiquidity, lack of dividends and dilution, and should
be done only as part of a diversified portfolio. Please read the
Risk Warnings
before investing. Investments should only be made by investors
who understand these risks. Tax treatment depends on individual circumstances and is subject to change in
future.
This campaign for  has been approved by Seedrs Limited (trading as Republic Europe) ("Republic Europe", "us" or "we"), as of
[DATE OF APPROVAL] as a financial promotion. Republic Europe is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority with firm reference number 550317. In approving this campaign, Republic Europe has concluded that the information, taken as a whole, is "fair, clear
and not misleading." This means that for factual statements we have reviewed evidence of their accuracy, and that
for aspirational statements we believe they are phrased appropriately in light of their speculative nature. You
should note that in the case of factual statements, the evidence we review is provided by the business, and we do
not audit it, which means that we may not be able to identify forged or altered evidence. You should further note
that in the case of aspirational statements, the nature of the type of businesses presented on the Republic Europe platform
is such that they are likely to have high ambitions, and we may approve statements that convey those ambitions even
where we do not believe, or we do not have a view on whether it is likely, that they will be fully realised. The
pre-money valuation and investment sought in the campaign are those set by the business: they are not reviewed or
established by us, and the valuation is not an independent view of what the business is worth. Given the nature and
type of businesses presented on the Republic Europe platform, it is possible that the business has very little cash remaining
prior to receiving this investment, and the investment sought may be necessary for the business's on-going
existence.
Republic Europe does not make investment recommendations to you. No communications from Republic Europe, through this website
or any other medium, should be construed as an investment recommendation. Further, nothing on this website
shall be considered an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security to any person in any
jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. Republic Europe does not provide legal,
financial or tax advice of any kind. If you have any questions with respect to legal, financial or tax
matters relevant to your interactions with Republic Europe, you should consult a professional adviser.