General
The Privacy Policy explains how we handle your personal information when using Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ( Card Games). We do not share or sell your personal information with anyone else. When it is necessary to provide you with the service or to improve the service you are using, we may share your information with third parties. What kind of data do we gather? We gather personal information that is required to provide you with services. This contains your name, a link to your public profile image on social media, as well as your age and gender. We do not collect or retain personal information such as your phone number or credit card information.
We may use your information to keep you informed about significant software advancements, upgrades, and special offers, as well as to provide you with application/software support. Some data may be required in order to provide you with our services and support. In such a case, we may not offer you one or more of our services. We do not erase previous game results or records in our social games. The prior information is not lost even if you remove the game application from your phone or do not join the game again. You acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service by downloading any of our software, establishing an account, or accessing or using the Service.
Policy Objective
Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is dedicated to safeguarding our users’ privacy (“you” or “users”). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to educate you about how we collect, store, and utilize the information you give in connection with your use and access to the game on a social network, as well as any material associated with it, on our server-side infrastructure (“Service”). This policy only applies to the information (described in greater detail below) acquired by us during your use of the Service. Our Terms include this Privacy Policy.
Amendments
You are responsible for being aware of and agreeing to comply with this Privacy Policy, as well as any subsequent modifications. By using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy’s gathering and using your personal information.
GRANT OF A LICENSE TO USE THE SERVICE
Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. provides you with a temporary, non-exclusive restricted licence to access and use the Services if you comply with the Terms of Service. This licence cannot be shared. You agree to use the Service only for your personal, non-commercial use. You may win chips (virtual currency or money) by playing Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. social games. You do not use real money to play. The chips you win or lose have no real-world worth. You may “earn,” “buy,” or “purchase” virtual cash and virtual in-game things at times. These virtual currencies and products do not correspond to any real-world credit balances or equivalents. Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. has the right to cancel any user’s licence at any time for any reason. If Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. suspected a user of getting chips from illegal sources or sources that break the terms of service, it has the authority to remove all or part of the user’s total chips. Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. games are completely free to download. To begin with, and on a regular basis, Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. gives you free chips. You have a limited licence to play the game as a result of this (for example, Teen Patti). You can play the game indefinitely if you don’t lose all of your free chips. You will not be able to play Teen Patti if you lose your free chips. You may, however, purchase chips and play the game. The chips that you purchase and the chips that you win have no real-world worth. If you decide not to play the game any longer, the chips you have left have no monetary worth and instead serve as a measure of the time of your licence. Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Inc, its subsidiaries, and affiliates are not liable for any chip losses caused by the operation or failure of its servers and software, Teen Patti Master. Winning a hand of Teen Patti is mostly determined by the cards you are dealt. When you download Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Teen Patti Master, you agree to use it just for pleasure and amusement, and Pistalix Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Inc. is not responsible for any damage, loss, or other consequences.
Additional Questions
Again, don’t hesitate to contact us by emailing at
info@pistalix.in
any time if you have further questions about this Privacy Policy or if you want to receive a previous version of this document.