PRIVACY POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 This is the Privacy Policy of TOFUN TECHNOLOGY HK LIMITED (hereafter referred to as “
TOFUN
”, “
us
” or “
we
”) (this “
Privacy Policy
”).
1.2 This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose or otherwise process your
          personal data in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 of Singapore (“
PDPA
”). We take our obligations under the PDPA seriously and are committed to respecting the
          privacy rights of all users of our games, including but not limited to Race On (our “
Games
”) and website (our “
Site
“) (referred to collectively as our “
Services
“).
1.3 Capitalised terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not otherwise defined have the
          meanings given to them in the TOFUN User Agreement.
1.4 The term “
personal data
” means, in accordance with the PDPA, data, whether true or not, about an individual who
          can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which an
          organisation has or is likely to have access.
1.5 By using the Services, registering for an account with us, visiting our Site or
          providing your personal data to us, you agree to accept the terms outlined in this Privacy
          Policy, and you hereby consent to us collecting, using, disclosing and/or processing your
          personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1.6 You acknowledge that we may, from time to time, modify, amend or otherwise update this
          Privacy Policy without prior notification. Your continued use of our Services shall
          constitute your continued consent to our collection, use, disclosure and processing or
          your personal data in accordance with any updated Privacy Policy. We therefore advise you
          to check this Privacy Policy for updates and before using the Site.
1.7 IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR
          PERSONAL DATA AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
2. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
2.1 The personal data we collect includes, but is not limited to:
2.1.1 personal information including names, date of birth and gender;
2.1.2 contact information including email addresses, residential addresses and phone
          numbers;
2.1.3 payment information including billing addresses, bank account information and
          payment information;
2.1.4 information in relation to our Services including passwords, avatars, nicknames,
          comments and how users use our Services
2.1.5 information sent by or associated with the device(s) used to access our Services
          including hardware models, operating system version numbers, International Mobile
          Equipment Identity (IMEI), unique device identifiers, network device hardware addresses
          (MAC), IP addresses, software version numbers, network access methods and types and
          operation logs;
2.1.6 personal information provided to us by the users of our Services;
2.1.7 personal information required to be collected in accordance with the relevant laws
          and regulations; and
2.1.8 aggregate data on content users engage with.
2.2 The situations in which we may collect your personal data, including the personal data
          listed in Clause 2.1 above, includes, but is not limited to:
2.2.1 when you register and create accounts for our Games and related services;
2.2.2 when you provide identity verification documentations;
2.2.3 when you enter into any agreement or provide other documentation or information in
          respect of your interactions with us, or when you use our Services or products;
2.2.4 when you interact with us, such as via telephone calls (which may be recorded),
          letters, fax, face-to-face meetings, social media platforms and emails;
2.2.5 when you use our electronic services or interact with us via our Services,
          including, without limitation, through cookies which we may deploy when you interact with
          our Services;
2.2.6 when you carry out any transactions through our Services;
2.2.7 when you provide us with feedback;
2.2.8 when you register for our contests, games or other events;
2.2.9 when playing our Games or using our Services in general; and
2.3 The above does not purport to be exhaustive and sets out some common types of personal
          data collected and instances of when your personal data may be collected.s
2.4 You agree not to submit information which is inaccurate or misleading, and you agree
          to inform us of any inaccuracies or changes to such information accordingly. We reserve
          the right, at our sole discretion, to require from you further documentation to verify the
          information provided by you.
2.5 Note that by registering an account for our Services by using your social media
          account (“
Social Media Account
”), linking your account on our Services to your Social Media Account or using any of our
          social media features provided in our Services, you consent to us accessing, collecting,
          using, disclosing or processing your personal data from your Social Media Account in
          accordance with such your Social Media Account provider’s policies and this Privacy
          Policy.
2.6 If you do not want us to collect the aforementioned information or personal data, you
          may opt out at any time by notifying our Data Protection Officer in accordance with Clause
          13 below. Note, however, that opting out or withdrawing your consent for us to collect,
          use or process your personal data may affect your use and access of the Services.
3. COLLECTION OF OTHER DATA
3.1 As with most websites and mobile applications, your device sends information which may
          include data about you that gets logged by a web server when you use our Services. This
          typically includes without limitation your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address,
          computer/mobile device operating system and browser type, type of mobile device, the
          characteristics of the mobile device, the unique device identifier (UDID) or mobile
          equipment identifier (MEID) for your mobile device, the address of a referring web site
          (if any), the pages you visit on our website and mobile applications and the times of
          visit, and sometimes a “cookie” (which can be disabled using your browser preferences) to
          help the site remember your last visit. If you are logged in, this information is
          associated with your personal account. The information is also included in anonymous
          statistics to allow us to understand how visitors use our Services.
3.2 Our mobile applications may collect precise information about the location of your
          mobile device using technologies such as GPS, Wi-Fi, etc. We may collect, use, disclose
          and/or process this information for one or more purposes including, without limitation,
          location-based services that you request or to deliver relevant content to you based on
          your location or to allow you to share your location to other users as part of our
          Services under our mobile applications, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For most
          mobile devices, you are able to withdraw your permission for us to acquire your location
          information through your device settings. If you have questions about how to disable your
          mobile device’s location services, please contact your mobile device service provider or
          the device manufacturer.
4. COOKIES
4.1 We may from time to time implement “
cookies
” or other features to allow us or third parties to collect or share information that will
          help us improve our Services or help us offer new services and features. Cookies are
          identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your
          computer or device and tell us how and when our Services are used or visited, by how many
          people and to track activity within our Services. We may link cookie information to your
          personal data. Cookies also link to information regarding items you have selected for
          purchase, pages you have viewed, and games you have played.
4.2 You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your
          browser. However, please note that by restricting or disabling cookies, you may not be
          able to access the full functionality of our Services.
5. USE OF INFORMATION
5.1 We may collect, use, disclose, store and/or process your personal data for, but not
          limited to, the following purposes (the “
Purposes
”):
5.1.1 to consider and/or process your applications or transactions with us or your
          transactions or communications with third parties via the Services;
5.1.2 to allow you to complete the registration of your account for our Services as well
          as to log into such account and access our Services;
5.1.3 to manage, operate, provide and/or administer your use of and/or access to our
          Services (including, without limitation, your preferences), as well as your relationship
          and user account with us;
5.1.4 to respond to, process, deal with or complete a transaction and/or to fulfil your
          requests for certain products and services and notify you of service issues and unusual
          account actions;
5.1.5 to enforce our Terms of Service or any applicable end user license agreements;
5.1.6 to protect personal safety and the rights, property or safety of others and
          ourselves;
5.1.7 for identification and/or verification;
5.1.8 to enable you to use interactive features on our Services including, but not limited
          to, using voice and video to interact with other users of our Services;
5.1.9 to maintain and administer any software updates and/or other updates and support
          that may be required from time to time to ensure the smooth running of our Services;
5.1.10 to deal with or facilitate customer service, carry out your instructions, deal with
          or respond to any enquiries given by (or purported to be given by) you or on your behalf;
5.1.11 to contact you or communicate with you via voice call, text message and/or fax
          message, email and/or postal mail or otherwise for the purposes of administering and/or
          managing your relationship with us or your use of our Services, such as but not limited to
          communicating and administrative information to you relating to our Services. You
          acknowledge and agree that such communication by us could be by way of the mailing of
          correspondence, documents or notices to you, which could involve disclosure of certain
          personal data about you to bring about delivery of the same as well as on the external
          cover of envelopes/mail packages;
5.1.12 to allow other users to interact or connect with you, including to inform you when
          another user has sent you a private message or posted a comment for you on our Services;
5.1.13 to conduct research, analysis and development activities (including, but not
          limited to, data analytics, surveys, product and service development and/or profiling), to
          analyse how you use our Services, to improve our Services or products and/or to enhance
          your experience;
5.1.14 to protect your gaming account and to create a fair, healthy and safe gaming
          environment for the users of our Services;
5.1.15 to allow for advertising and other audits and surveys to, among other things,
          validate the size and composition of our target audience, and understand their experience
          with our Services;
5.1.16 for marketing and, in this regard, to send you by various modes of communication
          marketing and promotional information and materials relating to products and/or services
          (including, without limitation, products and/or services of third parties whom we may
          collaborate or tie up with) that we (and/or our affiliates or related corporations) may be
          selling, marketing or promoting, whether such products or services exist now or are
          created in the future. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing information at any
          time by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material. We may
          use your contact information to send newsletters from us and from our related companies;
5.1.17 to respond to legal processes or to comply with or as required by any applicable
          law, governmental or regulatory requirements of any relevant jurisdiction, including,
          without limitation, meeting the requirements to make disclosure under the requirements of
          any law binding on us or our related corporations or affiliates;
5.1.18 to produce statistics and research for internal and statutory reporting and/or
          record-keeping requirements;
5.1.19 to carry out due diligence or other screening activities (including, without
          limitation, background checks) in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations or our
          risk management procedures that may be required by law or that may have been put in place
          by us;
5.1.20 to audit our Services or business;
5.1.21 to prevent or investigate any actual or suspected violations of our Terms of
          Service, fraud, unlawful activity, omission or misconduct, whether relating to your use of
          our Services or any other matter arising from your relationship with us;
5.1.22 to store, host, back up (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) of your
          personal data, whether within or outside of your jurisdiction;
5.1.23 to deal with and/or facilitate a business asset transaction or a potential business
          asset transaction, where such transaction involves us as a participant or involves only
          our related corporation or affiliate as a participant or involves us and/or any one or
          more of our related corporations or affiliates as participant(s), and there may be other
          third party organisations who are participants in such transaction. A “
business asset transaction
” refers to the purchase, sale, lease, merger, amalgamation or any other acquisition,
          disposal or financing of an organisation or a portion of an organisation or of any of the
          business or assets of an organisation;
5.1.24 any other purposes which we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent;
          and/or
5.1.25 any other purposes that may be relevant or necessary to the provision of our
          Services to you.
5.2 You acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your
          personal data, including your account information, contents and activities if required to
          do so by law or pursuant to any order by a court or governmental or regulatory authority
          of competent jurisdiction over us or our Services or in a good faith belief that such
          access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal
          process; (b) comply with a request from any governmental or regulatory authority of
          competent jurisdiction, (c) enforce our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy; (d)
          respond to any threatened or actual claims asserted against us or other claim that any of
          your content on our Services violates the rights of third parties; (e) respond to your
          requests for customer service; (f) protect the rights, property or personal safety of our
          users, the public and ourselves; and/or (g) achieve any of the Purposes.
5.3 As the purposes for which we may collect, use, disclose or process your personal data
          depend on the circumstances at hand, such purpose may not appear above. However, we will
          notify you of such other purpose at the time of obtaining your consent, unless processing
          of the applicable data without your consent is permitted under the PDPA.
6. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
6.1 We take the security of your personal data very seriously and will endeavour to take
          reasonable security measures (both technical and administrative) to protect your personal
          data from misuse or unauthorised access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage,
          loss, or leak.
6.2 We will use reasonably practicable means to protect your personal data, such as using
          encryption technology and anonymisation, no less than that of our industry peers, and use
          security mechanisms to protect your personal information from malicious attacks.
6.3 We may establish a dedicated security department, security management system and data
          security procedures to protect your personal information. We adopt strict data usage and
          access systems to ensure that only authorised personnel have access to your personal
          information and conduct timely security audits of data and technology.
6.4 Although we may take reasonable and effective measures as described above and comply
          with the standards required by the relevant laws, please understand that due to technical
          limitations and the possibility of various malicious activities, it is not always possible
          to guarantee complete security of your personal in the Internet industry, even with all
          efforts to enhance security measures, and we will do our best to ensure the security of
          the personal data you provide to us. You are aware and understand that the systems and
          communication networks you use to access our services may have weaknesses due to factors
          outside of our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures
          to protect the security of your personal data, including but not limited to, using complex
          passwords, changing your password regularly, and not disclosing your personal data, such
          as your account password, to other parties.
7. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
7.1 We will retain personal in accordance with the PDPA and other applicable laws. That
          is, we will destroy or anonymize your personal data when we have reasonably determined
          that (i) the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being served
          by the retention of such personal data; (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any
          legal or business purposes; and (iii) no other legitimate interest warrant further
          retention of such personal data. If you cease using our Services, or your access to our
          Services is terminated or withdrawn, we may continue storing, using and/or disclosing your
          personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our obligations under the PDPA.
          Subject to applicable law, we may securely dispose of your personal data without prior
          notice to you.
8. DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
8.1 In conducting our business, we may disclose your personal data to third parties such
          as our service providers, agents and/or our affiliates or related corporations, and/or
          other third parties, whether situated in Singapore or outside of Singapore, for one or
          more of the Purposes and/or the purposes identified in Clause 8.2. Such third-party
          service providers, agents and/or affiliates or related corporations and/or other third
          parties would be processing your personal data either on our behalf or otherwise, for one
          or more of the Purposes. Such third parties include, without limitation:
8.1.1 our subsidiaries, affiliates and related corporations;
8.1.2 other users of our Services;
8.1.3 contractors, agents, service providers and other third parties we use to support our
          business or our Services. These include but are not limited to those which provide
          administrative or other services to us such as mailing houses, telecommunication
          companies, information technology companies and data centres;
8.1.4 a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
          reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets,
          whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in
          which personal data held by us about our users is among the assets transferred; or to a
          counterparty in a business asset transaction that we or any of our affiliates or related
          corporations are involved in; and
8.1.5 third parties to whom disclosure by us is for one or more of the Purposes and such
          third parties would in turn be collecting and processing your personal data for one or
          more of the Purposes.
8.2 Some of the purposes, in addition to the Purposes, for disclosing personal data to
          third-parties may include, without limitation:
8.2.1 to ensure consistency in the services you receive between our Services and those of
          our affiliates, and to facilitate the consistent management of your information;
8.2.2 to enable programmatic ad delivery;
8.2.3 to help them increase the effectiveness of advertising without identifying you
          personally;
8.2.4 to fulfil our business with third parties for the purpose of aggregating statistics
          and analysing features and preferences through algorithms to form indirect demographic
          profiles that can be used to make recommendations to you, to display or deliver
          information that may be of interest to you, or to deliver specific features, services or
          commercials that are more suitable for you;
8.2.5 to ensure that you receive a consistent experience at joint events, or to engage
          third parties to redeem rewards to you in a timely manner.
8.3 This may require, among other things, disclosing your gaming history and/or disclosing
          records showing which games were viewed by which IP addresses. We will also share
          statistical and demographic information about our users and their use of the Services with
          suppliers of advertisements and programming.
8.4 Additionally, you may elect to export your user activity feeds as RSS feeds which may
          be subscribed to by other users, which may include information regarding your game play,
          installation of games, connections with other users and other information about your
          account activity which is published as a feed on our Services.
8.5 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the PDPA or other applicable laws permit
          us to collect, use or disclose your personal data without your consent, such permission
          granted by the laws shall continue to apply.
8.6 Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access personal data transmitted to or
          contained on our Services, technologies may malfunction or not work as anticipated, or
          someone might access, abuse or misuse information through no fault of ours. We will
          nevertheless deploy reasonable security arrangements to protect your personal data as
          required by the PDPA; however there can inevitably be no guarantee of absolute security
          such as but not limited to when unauthorised disclosure arises from malicious and
          sophisticated hacking by malcontents through no fault of ours.
9. INFORMATION ON CHILDREN
9.1 The Services are not intended for children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly
          collect or maintain any personal data or non-personally identifiable information from
          anyone under the age of 18 nor are our Services directed to children under the age of 18.
          As a parent or legal guardian, please do not allow children under your care to submit
          personal data to us. In the event that personal data of a child under the age of 18 in
          your care is disclosed to us, you hereby consent to the collection, use, storage and/or
          processing of such child’s personal data and accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy
          Policy on behalf of such child. We will endeavour to close any accounts used exclusively
          by such children and remove and/or delete any personal data we believe was submitted
          without parental consent by any child under the age of 18.
10. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
10.1 Our Site and Games use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google,
          Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your
          device, to help the website analyse how users use our Services. The information generated
          by the cookie about your use of the Services or device (including your IP address) will be
          transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this
          information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Services, compiling reports on
          website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website
          activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties
          where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on
          Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by
          Google.
10.2 We, and third parties, may from time to time make software applications downloads
          available for your use on or through the Services. These applications may separately
          access, and allow a third party to view your personal data, such as your name, your user
          ID, your device’s IP address or other information such as what game you are playing during
          any given session, and any cookies that you may previously have installed or that were
          installed for you by a third party software application or website. Additionally, these
          applications may ask you to provide additional information directly to third parties.
          Third party products or services provided through these applications are not owned or
          controlled by us. You are encouraged to read the terms and privacy policies published by
          such third parties on their websites or otherwise.
11. DISCLAIMER REGARDING SECURITY AND THIRD-PARTY SITES
11.1 Our Services may contain links to other websites. This Privacy Policy is only
          applicable to our Services. Hence, should you be linked to other websites, you should read
          those websites’ privacy policies. You acknowledge that we shall not be liable for your use
          or any websites outside our Services.
12. TRANSBORDER DATA FLOWS
12.1 In using our Services, you understand, acknowledge and consent to the transfer of
          your personal data out of Singapore where such transfer is necessary for the provision of
          access to our Services or any of the Purposes.
12.2 Where your personal data is transferred out of Singapore, we will take the
          appropriate steps to ensure that the standard of protection accorded to your personal data
          transferred abroad is comparable to the protection that is accorded to it under the PDPA.
13. WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT, REQUEST OF ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF INFORMATION PROVIDED
13.1 You may withdraw, at any time, your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure
          of your personal data in our possession or under our control by sending an email to our
          Data Protection Officer (our “
DPO
”) at contact@tofun.com and we will process such requests in accordance with this Privacy
          Policy and our obligations under the PDPA and any other applicable law.
13.2 You acknowledge that withdrawing your consent in accordance with Clause 13.1 above,
          may affect your user experience on our Services mean or even lead to the cessation of your
          use of our Services, especially where provision of access to our Services is reliant on
          the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data.
14. ACCESS RIGHTS AND CORRECTION OR UPDATE OF PERSONAL DATA
14.1 It is of utmost importance to use that your personal data is accurate and up to date.
          If any of the information that you have provided us has changed, please inform or update
          our DPO at contact@tofun.com or if you have an account with us, you may personally correct
          your personal data currently in our possession or control through the Account Settings
          page or tab on the Site or our Games.
14.2 Subject to the exceptions referred to in Section 21(2) of the PDPA, you have the
          right to request from us information regarding your personal data in our possession or
          control and the manner in which your personal data had been used or disclosed within a
          year prior to the request.
14.3 We may charge you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your requests
          to access your personal data. If we so choose to charge, we will provide you with a
          written estimate of the fee we will be charging. Please note that we are not required to
          respond to or deal with your access request unless you have agreed to pay the fee.
15. DATA BREACH
15.1 In the event of a data breach in which the confidentiality of your personal data was
          compromised, we will notify you through the contact information provided by you, to the
          extent required by the PDPA.
16. CONTACT US
16.1 If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy practices, please
          contact our DPO at contact@tofun.com.
17. How to Delete
17.1 You have the right to request us delete the personal information that we collected
          from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
          verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete)
          your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. If you want to
          delete your account or infotmation, please contact us by this email: contact@tofun.com
18. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
18.1 This Privacy Policy and your use of our Services shall be governed in all respects by
          the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy
          Policy, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be
          referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore
          International Arbitration Centre (“
SIAC
”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration
          Centre (“
SIAC Rules
“) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in
          this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of
          one arbitrator. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
(Last updated on: 25 October 2021)