Privacy Policy
Update date：2021-11-01
Effective date：2021-11-01
“App lock”（We (hereinafter referred to as "we") are well aware of the importance of personal information to you and will try our best to protect the security and reliability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in US and abide by the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of optional consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security and the principle of subject participation, The principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security solutions in the industry. In view of this, we formulate this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "This policy / This Privacy Policy") and remind you that this policy is applicable to "App lock" software and related services.
You should use our products / services after carefully reading and fully understanding this privacy policy. If you disagree with the content of this policy, our products / services may not operate normally, or the service effect of our products / services may not be achieved. You should immediately stop accessing / using our products / services. Your use or continued use of the products / services provided by us means that you fully understand and agree to all the contents of this Privacy Policy (including the updated version).
This privacy policy section will help you understand the following:
1、 The personal information we collect from you and its purpose
2、 How do you manage your personal information
3、 The information we get when you use the service
4、 Use of third party service providers and SDK
5、 How do we use the collected information
6、 How to contact us
1、 The personal information we collect from you and its purpose
According to the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity, we only collect the information necessary to realize the function of the product.
2、 How do you manage your personal information
We attach great importance to your attention to personal information and try our best to protect your right to access, correct, delete and withdraw your consent to your personal information, so that you have full ability to protect your privacy and secure access to information.
This application has no user registration and login functions, and will not collect the user's mobile phone number, email and other personal information.
3、 Information we get when you use the service
(1) Network permission (basic permission, non privacy permission)
Some functions of the application need to be connected to the Internet.
(2) Album permissions (optional)
When you use the replace app icon function to select the icon from the album, you will be asked to access the album. You have the right to refuse the application of this permission. After refusing the permission, you cannot fully use this function.
(3) Faceid permission application (optional)
When your device supports faceid, when you open the faceid unlock application, you will apply for faceid permission. You have the right to refuse the application for the permission and not enable the function. After refusing the permission, you will not be able to use the function.
4、 Use of third-party service providers and SDKs
The SDK of the third-party service provider is not connected yet.
5、 How do we use the collected information
We strictly abide by the provisions of laws and regulations and the agreement with users, and use the collected information for the following purposes. If we use your information beyond the following purposes, we will explain it to you again and obtain your consent.
You should fully understand that your authorization and consent are not required for the use of personal information in the following cases:
1) Related to national security and national defense security;
2) Related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
4) For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5) The personal information involved is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject or guardian;
6) Your personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
7) Necessary for signing and performing the contract according to your requirements;
8) It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as finding and handling the faults of products or services;
9) Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
10) When an academic research institution is necessary to carry out statistics or academic research based on the public interest and provides the results of academic research or description to the outside world, it de identifies the personal information contained in the results;
11) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Rules for using your personal information
1) We will use the collected personal information to realize the functions of our products and / or services in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy;
2) After collecting your personal information, we will de identify the information through technical means, and the de identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, we have the right to use the de identified information; On the premise of not disclosing your personal information, we have the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use of it;
3) Please understand and agree that the personal information provided by you when using our products or services, unless you delete it or refuse us to collect it through system settings, will be deemed as continuous authorization and consent to us during your use of our products or services. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete your personal information;
4) We will make statistics on the use of our products or services, and may share these statistics with third parties to show the overall use trend of our products or services. However, these statistics do not include any identification information of you;
5) When we display your personal information, we will desensitize your information by including content replacement and anonymous processing to protect your information security;
6) When we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this privacy policy, or when the personal information collected for specific purposes is used for other purposes, we will seek your express consent in advance;
6、 How to contact us
You can contact us through this "software". Generally, we will reply to your request within 7 days.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy, you can contact us or partners through the following ways, e-mail: xiaoguipao@outlook.com Generally, we will reply within 30 days.