Effective Date: July 31st, 2023
Atmosic Privacy Policy
Atmosic Technologies, Inc. (“
Atmosic
”) takes the protection of your personal information seriously and your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how Atmosic collects, uses, discloses, or otherwise processes personal information we collect during your visits to our Website, over the telephone, at trade shows, when doing business with us, when using our products, and through other interactions. References to our “
products
” in this policy include our Websites, applications, devices, software, and services. Some of our products may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information You Provide to Us
Account Registration:
If you register on our Website or App, we add that information into a secure login database. This information may include your name, contact information, and login information.
Marketing:
If you provide Atmosic with personal information when you attend a tradeshow or one of our events, download our app, complete a user survey, visit our facilities or host us, or otherwise interact with us in a marketing capacity, we add that information to our marketing data systems. Such information may include your name, contact information, geographic location, professional information, interests, and industry sector.
Commercial transactions:
If you use our products or services, or you are one of our service providers or contractors, we may collect information such as your contact information, account information, and financial information for billing, payments and transactions.
Customer service:
If you seek product information or support from Atmosic, we may use that information so that we can respond to your requests, and improve and develop our products, services, and technologies.
Job applications:
We collect and use the personal information you submit through job applications and career sites to consider you for employment opportunities. This information includes name, contact information, educational and professional information, and references.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
Product installations:
When you install Atmosic products, we may collect personal information about your system and its configuration, and such as system model and manufacturer, operating system and BIOS, architecture, hardware, device, usage information, installations, features, software versions, time zone and location, and interaction with Atmosic products and features, performance reports, and settings. When we receive error or bug reports from your system, we may collect personal information about your system, diagnostic data, configuration, and performance about software and hardware and other information. We use this technical information to improve user experiences and security, troubleshoot errors and bugs, improve and develop products, understand how our products are used, and ensure compliance with export restrictions.
Website and apps:
When you visit our Website, we collect data from your computer or mobile device such as your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site, and if you are accessing our Website with your mobile device, type of mobile device. We also collect data about how you use our Website, such as the date and time you visit the site, the areas or pages of the site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the site, the number of times you return to the site and other data.
We use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect data about your use of our Website. Please see the section below entitled “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” for further information.
Information We May Collect From Other Sources
From customers:
When we market or provide products and services to a business that is your employer, your employer may provide personal information about you to us. Such information typically includes name, contact information, job title, and other professional and employment information.
From partners:
When you contact our partners via the partners page on our Website, we may collect personal information if you include us in those communications.
Marketing sources:
We collect personal information such as name, contact information, and professional and employment information from public and non-public sources for marketing purposes from third parties such as event organizers, trade directories, lead generators, and sites like LinkedIn.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access a site or app. We use cookies to help operate our Website, including to: (1) remember you so you don’t have to enter the same information when you return to the site, (2) provide you with customized content on the site; (3) develop aggregate statistics to help monitor site performance, conduct research, improve our content and services, and (4) help protect the security of our Website and products.
You can choose whether cookies are stored on your computer or device and whether to delete them. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but if you do, it may affect certain features or services of our website. You can find more information about how to opt out of the use of these technologies at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
Personal Information of Children
Our Website, products, and services are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant jurisdictions, unless (a) we have obtained consent from a parent or guardian, (b) such collection is subject to a separate agreement with us, or (c) the visit by a child is unsolicited or incidental. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us by using the information below and we will take steps to delete their personal information from our systems.
How We Use Personal Information
We collect and process personal information for the following purposes and on the following legal bases:
Our Website
We process personal information to operate, administer, secure, and improve our Website, and to provide opportunities to engage directly with our partners if you choose
Legitimate interests in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding Atmosic, our products and services, our partners, and related information; improving and enhancing the operation and content of our Website; ensuring the safety and security of our Website
Our App(s)
We process personal information to operate, administer, secure, and improve our App, and to provide our products and services
Necessary for the performance of a contract Legitimate interests in managing the provision of our products and services
Marketing communications
We process personal information in order to create and send marketing communications and information about Atmosic, our products and services, and our business partners
Legitimate interests in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent
Products and services
We process personal information to provide our products and services
Necessary for the performance of a contract Legitimate interests in managing the provision of our products and services
Product maintenance and support
We process personal information to provide engineering services, update and optimize our products and services, and improve user experiences
Necessary for the performance of a contract Legitimate interests in managing the provision of our products and services, and the user communities for them
Usage, research, and license compliance
We process personal information to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our products and services
Necessary for the performance of a contract Legitimate interests in managing the provision of our products and services, and information about them Legitimate interests in conducting research and development relating to products and services
Billing, payment, and account management
We process personal information to bill and collect payment for our products and services, manage our customer accounts, and determine compensation
Necessary for the performance of a contract Legitimate interests in managing our customer accounts Legitimate interests in determining compensation of certain employees
Office visits and events
We process personal information to ensure the security of our premises and business, to plan and host meetings and events, and to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and staff
Necessary for the performance of a contract Legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our premises and confidential information Legitimate interests in ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and staff
Security
We process personal information to ensure the security of our products, services, and Website, and to detect and investigate suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime
Legitimate interests in promoting the safety and security of our products, services and Website, and to protect our rights and the rights of others
How We Share Personal Information
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described below:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To our partners if you choose to engage with them through pages on our Website.
To contractors, service providers, and subprocessors we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them or as allowed by law.
To an investor, buyer or other successor in the event of a financing, merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
In aggregated, anonymized, and/or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
How You Can Control Your Personal Information
Depending on your location, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information, which may include some or all of the following:
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you and to request a copy of that personal information.
The right to know more about how we process your personal information.
The right to have us to correct or update incomplete or inaccurate information.
The right to delete or restrict how we use your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
The right to restrict or object to our processing of your personal information.
The right to transfer your personal information to another data controller.
The right to opt-out of certain disclosures of your personal information.
If you are under the age of 16, or such other applicable age under the law in specific jurisdictions, the right to opt-in to certain disclosures of your personal information.
The right to not be discriminated against for exercising your data subject rights.
The right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects.
The right to withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal.
To pursue any of the rights above, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
We try to act on all legitimate and verified requests within one month, unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to respond to your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, depending on the complexity and number of requests we receive.
Marketing Communications
You can manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Atmosic by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘STOP’ if you receive marketing SMS communications, or by contacting us as described below.
How Long We Retain Personal Information
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and to enforce our rights and agreements. Thereafter, your personal information will either be destroyed, deleted, anonymized, and/or removed from our systems.
Security of Personal Information
We take appropriate precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the personal information we collect or use.
International Data Transfers
Atmosic is a US-based company and when legally permitted to do so, we may store your personal information on databases located outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and the laws in those places that may not provide for the same level of data protection.
When we share personal information with affiliates and third parties as disclosed above, they may also store your personal information in other countries. We ensure that these recipients provide appropriate protection and security, for instance by entering into data processing agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanisms for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your personal information outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent. If data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, we will ensure that a transfer only takes place if an appropriate level of protection exists with the recipient and suitable safeguards like Standard Contractual Clauses are provided.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or wish to exercise any of your rights regarding your personal information, you can reach us at:
Attn: Legal
Atmosic Technologies
2105 S. Bascom Ave,
Campbell CA, 95008, USA
communications@atmosic.com
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time. We will post updated privacy policy changes on this page at
https://atmosic.com/legal/
. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice to our homepage or by sending you an email notification.
To request the deletion of your data and mobile app registration <
click here
>
Need more help?
To ask questions or to make any comments about the
privacy
policy
Click Here
Legal, Policies, and Notices