Privacy Policy
SourceCube Ltd (hereafter referred to as "we") built the AWS Extend Switch Roles app as a free app. This app is provided by SourceCube Ltd at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this app.
This app does not collect any personally identifiable information. As an extension to Safari, the app only interacts with the website upon which the user grants permission. 
      No analytics or logging data is collected due to no outbound connections to SourceCube Ltd servers.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
      Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. 
      We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. 
      But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. 
      These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
      We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-10-29
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@sourcecube.co.uk.