InfyPics Privacy Policy
CAN-SPAM
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their
        'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and
        information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact,
        or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to
        get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable
        Information in accordance with our app.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our app?
When ordering or registering on our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your
        name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our app or enter information on our
        app.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up
        for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the app, or use certain other app
        features in the following ways:
•
To personalize your experience and to
        allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
How do we protect your information?
Our app is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in
        order to make your visit to our app as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a
        limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the
        information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure
        Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their
        information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on
        our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you
        can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little
        different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. that make your app experience more
        efficient and may not function properly.
However, you will still be able to place orders .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable
        Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our app.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They
        are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our app.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our app. Google's use of
        the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our app and other apps on the
        Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy
        policy.
We have implemented the following:
•
Remarketing with Google AdSense
•
Google Display Network Impression
        Reporting
•
Demographics and Interests Reporting
•
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google
        Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers
        together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they
        relate to our app.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you
        can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out
        Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial app and online
        services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or
        company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates apps collecting Personally
        Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its app stating
        exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
See
        more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our app anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a
        minimum, on the first significant page after entering our app.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page
        specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
•
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
•
By emailing us
How does our app handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do
        Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our app allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13
        years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade
        Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators
        of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United
        States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws
        around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is
        critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following
        responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
•
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have
        the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the
        law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that
        individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by
        data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements
        for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells
        out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
•
Send information, respond to
        inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
•
Not use false or misleading subjects
        or email addresses.
•
Identify the message as an
        advertisement in some reasonable way.
•
Include the physical address of our
        business or site headquarters.
•
Monitor third-party email marketing
        services for compliance, if one is used.
•
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests
        quickly.
•
Allow users to unsubscribe by using
        the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you
        can email us at
•
Follow the instructions at the bottom
        of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from
ALL
correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the
        information below.
InfyOm Technologies
306, Aditya Complex-A,
Nr. VIP Circle, Uttaran, Mota Varachha
Surat, Gujarat-394101
India
moviesnxt@infyom.com
Last Edited on 2017-01-06
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us