PRIVACY
POLICY
NEWSREADECK
GENERAL
ASPECTS
This
version is effective as of 09/14/2022.
This
Privacy Policy will help you, as a user of the Newsreadeck Services,
understand what information about You we may collect, how it is used
and, in turn, how it is protected.
This
Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use that You have agreed to
separately; any terminology that is not comprehensible should be
checked against those Terms for the same subject matter.
By
downloading and using the Newsreadeck Services in any manner, you
agree to the information handling practices set forth in this Privacy
Policy and the Terms of Use. We remind you that, regardless of the
reason, if You do not agree to these terms, you should not use
Newsreadeck and, if you have created an account, delete it.
GENERAL
ASPECTS
1.
About
the information protected by this Policy
This
Policy shall apply to all personally identifiable user information
that may be necessary to contact you or individualize your identity
within Newsreadeck.
This
personal information may vary depending on the respective laws of the
place of residence of the User; examples may include names, email
addresses, billing information in the case of subscriptions,
telephone numbers, home addresses, IDs of devices through which you
use Newsreadeck, or even your login credentials to your account or
other third party sites outside Newsreadeck. This Privacy Policy
applies to any personal information provided by the User or a third
party on its behalf, by any means.
Please
note that, unless otherwise noted, Newsreadeck will not ask third
parties to provide personal information in order to provide you with
the respective service; but these terms do not apply to the policies
of third parties with respect to the manner in which they access and
use personal information in their commerce, nor do they cover third
party advertisements that You may access using Newsreadeck (which you
should consult with if applicable).
2.
Personalization
as a way to improve your experience with us
Newsreadeck
gathers, uses, shares and processes the personal information
voluntarily provided by you, with the ultimate goal of improving your
experience by allowing us to make recommendations according to your
tastes and sharing what you do on Newsreadeck; all under the
conditions accepted in the Terms of Use.
3.
For
some functions we will require certain personal information
There
may be certain functions that require, inevitably, a registered
account and it is therefore necessary to ask you for personal
information.
4.
Additional
personal information
Please
note that at times Newsreadeck may ask you to provide additional
personal information, which you have the right not to provide without
granting you access to the full functionality of Newsreadeck.
5.
About
the publication of personal information
Newsreadeck,
in general terms, will not disclose personal information to third
parties without prior express consent, unless it is to fulfill
orders, provide customer service, send mails, process credit card
payments, process currency conversions or other functions necessary
in our business or when Newsreadeck is requested by the editors of
the displayed publications to provide additional personal
information, which will be governed by their own privacy policies; or
when we understand that it may harm or interfere with the proper use
of other Users, third parties or fails to comply with the accepted
Terms of Use or Newsreadeck's rights.
You
should also know that we will disclose your personal data in the
event that the law or a court order orders us to do so, always trying
to let you know the contact information you provided at the time of
registration.
In
the event that the developer commercializes (e.g., sells), in whole
or in part, Newsreadeck, you should know that this information may be
transferred to the purchaser so that it can continue providing you
Services.
6.
Information
collected automatically
Newsreadeck
will keep a record of all requests for support or information and, in
turn, the manner in which they are handled.
Our
server logs will automatically receive and record all of your
browsing information, which may include the version of Newsreadeck
used, GPS location information or similar on your mobile device (IP
address), date and time of movements, device IDs, and, in general,
all of your registration information (number of logins to the
application and your behavior within it).
7.
Anonymous
information:  How it is used and published
Just
as there is personal information, there is also "anonymous
information", which is conceptualized as any information other
than personal information; therefore, at Newsreadeck we guarantee
that this anonymous information does not include aspects of personal
information.
This
type of "anonymous" information will only be used by the
application to improve its operation and its services, as well as to
monitor traffic and usage patterns, to inform publishers about the
content that appeals to certain Users or advertisers in respect of
the usage habits or certain characteristics of the users, and also in
respect of the user base to inform potential investors.
8.
About
your personal information
We
have data processing agreements and security controls to ensure any
personal information you share with Newsreadeck; remember that by
using our Services, you consent to our sharing of such information
with them to the extent necessary for the Services to be provided to
you.
9.
About
the control over your personal information
Remember
that You are the one who has full control over the personal
information you provide, and you can change it in the configuration
section within Newsreadeck, although if you have any doubts you can
contact us at our e-mail address: support@newsreadeck.com.
Keep
in mind that your data belongs to you, so you can easily delete your
Newsredeack account whenever you want.
It
is important that You know that you may refuse or object to any
matter relating to our processing of your personal information in
accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy or revoke the
acceptance you have made, at any time by communicating to our contact
email. Thereafter, we will no longer provide our Services to you.
10.
Taking
safety seriously
In
order to prevent any unauthorized access to Users' personal
information, Newsreadeck uses all reasonable and up-to-date security
measures. For added security, such information will be stored in a
firewall-protected database.
Please
note that, despite our efforts, there is no way to guarantee that the
transfer of data over the Internet or any type of network is 100%
secure, so you should know that by accepting this Policy you are
assuming that the personal information is transmitted at your own
risk.
11.
We
will contact You
Registered
users may receive e-mails from Newsreadeck with information that we
consider will be useful to you. We do not want to spam you, but we
may send emails to users with registered accounts that we consider to
be useful.
In
order to avoid receiving them (with the exception of those related to
billing, law or those related to your account), you must do so by
logging into your settings.
12.
Changes
to these Policies
In
order to improve the security of your personal data, we may change
these terms from time to time, which will be immediately and clearly
communicated to you. However, please remember that if you continue to
use Newsreadeck after we have posted notices of changes to the
Policies, we will assume that you accept them.
13.
If
you provide us your data, these are your rights
All
Users have the right to access information regarding whether
Newsreadeck processes personal data; as well as to request the
rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, to request
its deletion when, among other reasons, the data is no longer
necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. You also have
the right to data portability. In certain circumstances and for
reasons related to their particular situation, data subjects may
object to the processing of their data. In this case, Newsreadeck
will stop processing the data, except for compelling legitimate
reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
Remember,
if you have given your consent, you have the right to revoke it at
any time, although it cannot be applied to data that has already been
processed. However, Newsreadeck cannot guarantee the absolute
invulnerability of the systems and, therefore, does not assume any
liability for damages resulting from alterations that third parties
may cause in computer systems, electronic documents or user files.