User agreement and privacy policy
中文
Before you read this product, please be sure to read and understand the rights and restrictions provided in the User License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement").
We have always respected and will strictly protect users' legitimate rights and interests (including user privacy, user data, etc.) when using this product from any infringement.
This agreement (including the privacy policy at the end of this article) is between the user (including natural persons, legal persons or other organizations that have obtained this product through various legal channels, hereinafter referred to as "user" or "you") against us for this product The related matters are final, complete and exclusive agreements, and replace and merge the discussions and agreements on the above matters between the parties before the merger.
This agreement will have a legally binding effect on the user's use of this product. You have promised and guaranteed that you have the right and ability to enter into this agreement. Users starting to use this product will be deemed to have accepted this agreement, please carefully read and understand the various terms in this agreement, including the exclusion and limitation of our exemption clauses and restrictions on user rights (minors should be accompanied by a legal guardian when reviewing ), If you cannot accept all the terms in this agreement, please do not start using this product.
use
l account
You must promise and guarantee:
1. Your use of this product must be legal
This product will retain or terminate your account in accordance with the "modification and termination" provisions of this agreement. You must promise to keep your login information confidential, not to be obtained and used by others, and to be responsible for all your actions under this account. You must notify the product of any unauthorized use or suspected unauthorized use that is likely to violate the law. This product does not assume legal responsibility for losses caused by your failure to comply with the above requirements.
End user agreement
l permission
According to the provisions of this agreement, this product will grant you the following non-transferable, non-exclusive license:
1. Right to use this product;
2. The right to download, install and use this product on all your network communications equipment, computer equipment and mobile communications equipment.
l restrictive clause
The authorization of this agreement for you will be subject to the following restrictions:
1. You may not license, sell, lease, transfer, issue or other commercial use of this product in any form;
2. Unless such restrictions are prohibited by law, you may not modify, translate, adapt, merge, utilize, decompose, modify or reverse compile, reverse engineer, etc. any part or derivative of this product;
3. You may not use this product for the purpose of creating the same or competing services;
4. Except as expressly provided by law, you may not produce, copy, distribute, sell, download or display any part of this product in any form or method;
5. You must not delete or destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary notices contained in this product.
l cost
You must bear the costs of communication, information and other related charges collected by individuals on the Internet or by third parties (including but not limited to telecommunications or mobile communication providers). In the case of telecommunications value-added services, we recommend that you confirm the relevant cost issues with the value-added service provider.
l version
Any newer or future versions, updates or other changes to this product will be governed by this agreement.
abide by the law
You agree to abide by the Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and its implementing regulations, the Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Maintaining Internet Security (the "NPC Security Decision"), State Secret Law, "Telecommunications Regulations of the People's Republic of China" ("Telecommunications Regulations"), "Regulations on Security Protection of Computer Information Systems of the People's Republic of China", "Interim Provisions on the Management of International Networking of Computer Information Networks of the People's Republic of China" and its Implementation Measures, Relevant Chinese laws and regulations such as the Administrative Regulations on the Confidentiality of Computer Information Systems International Networking, the Administrative Measures for Internet Information Services, the Administrative Measures for the Security Protection of International Networking of Computer Information Networks, and the Administrative Regulations on Internet Electronic Bulletin Services ("Electronic Announcement Regulations") Any and all of the provisions of and shall be fully responsible for any act of using your password and your account to use the service and its results in any way. Violation of the "NPC Security Decision" may constitute a crime and be held criminally responsible. The "Electronic Announcement Regulations" expressly stipulate that Internet users are responsible for the information released by using the electronic announcement service system. The Telecommunication Regulations also emphasize that telecommunications users are responsible for the content and consequences of using telecommunications networks to transmit information. In any case, if this site has reason to believe that any of your actions, including but not limited to any of your speech and other actions, violates or may violate any provisions of the above laws and regulations, this site may at any time without any prior notice Termination of Services to You.
User content
l user content
1. User content refers to all content (such as your information, pictures, music, or other content) generated when the user downloads, publishes, or otherwise uses the product.
2. You are the sole responsible person for your user content, and you will bear the risk that you or any third party will be identified as a result of your user content disclosure.
3. You have agreed that your user content is subject to rights restrictions (see "Restrictions on Rights" for details)
Limitation of rights
You have agreed to use the related services in this product through sharing or other methods. During the use, you will bear all legal liabilities arising from the risks caused by the following actions:
Undermine the basic principles established by the Constitution;
2. Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, or undermining national unity;
3. Damage to national honor and interests;
4. Instigating national hatred, national discrimination, and undermining national unity;
5. Undermine the country's religious policies and promote cults and feudal superstitions;
6. Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, homicide, terror or instigating crime;
7. Insulting or slandering others and infringing on their legal rights and interests;
8. Containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
You have agreed not to engage in the following actions with this product:
1. To publish or share computer viruses, worms, malicious code, software that intentionally damages or alters computer systems or data;
2. Unauthorized collection of information or data from other users, such as e-mail addresses;
3. Malicious use of this product in an automated manner, causing an excessive burden on the server or otherwise interfering or damaging the website server and network links;
4.Unauthorized attempt to access server data or communication data of this product;
5. Interfering with or destroying the use of other users of this product.
Modification and termination
l modify
This agreement allows for changes. If there are any material changes to this agreement, we will notify you by email. After notification of changes, your continued use of this product means that you are aware of such changes and agree to be bound by the terms;
We reserve the right to modify, retain or close any service of this product at any time without notice;
You have agreed that we do not need to modify, retain or close any rights to this product;
You have agreed that we shall not be liable to you or a third party for modifying, retaining or closing any service of this product.
l termination
This agreement is effective from the date of your acceptance and will continue to be valid during your use of this product until it is terminated in accordance with this agreement;
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you use this product before the time you accept this agreement, you hereby know and agree that this agreement will be the time when you accept this agreement, and you hereby know and agree that this agreement Effective when using this product, unless terminated early in accordance with this agreement;
We may reserve your right to use this product or this account in accordance with the law; we will terminate this agreement at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, including believing that you violated our Acceptable Use Policy or Other provisions of this agreement;
We are not restricted by the provisions of the preceding paragraph. We reserve the right to terminate this agreement if a user infringes the copyright of a third party and we receive a notification from the copyright owner or the legal representative of the copyright owner;
Once this agreement is terminated, your right to use the product will terminate. You should be aware that the termination of your product means that your user content will be deleted from our active database. We do not assume any liability to you for terminating this agreement, including termination of your user account and deletion of your user content.
Third party
l When you have known or agreed to some of our services, they are obtained based on third-party technical support;
You have known that this agreement was signed between you and us, not between you and the third party mentioned above. We are the sole person responsible for matters such as content, maintenance, support services, warranties, and litigation arising from this product. You have agreed to abide by and authorize this product to restrict your conditional use of this product.
Compensation
l You have agreed to use this product harmlessly to avoid any complaints, lawsuits, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and fees (including attorney fees) from third parties due to the following actions or related actions:
1. The behavior of users using this product;
User content of the user;
3. User's violation of this agreement.
We reserve the right of exclusive defence and the right to claim compensation
You have agreed that, unless you have our written consent, you may not settle unilaterally in a lawsuit that you and us have jointly filed against a third party.
We will use our reasonable endeavours to notify you of such lawsuits, actions or proceedings.
Under no circumstances will this product be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, incidental, special or punitive damages arising from you or any third party as a result of this agreement. The risk of damaging computer system or mobile communication equipment data caused by accessing and using this product will be borne by you.
Applicable law
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China;
If a dispute occurs between the two parties, it should be settled in a friendly cylindrical negotiation; if the negotiation fails, a lawsuit should be filed in the local court.
Independence
If some of the provisions of this agreement cannot be applied for any reason, the other provisions of this agreement will continue to apply and those that cannot be applied will be modified so that they can be applied in accordance with the law.
Integrity
This agreement (including the privacy policy) is the final, complete, and exclusive agreement between you and this product regarding matters related to this product, and supersedes and merges previous parties with regard to such matters (including previous end user licenses, terms of service And privacy policies);
The title of each part is only for the convenience of reading without any legal or contractual obligations;
Unless we agree in writing, you may not assign the rights and obligations under this agreement. Any attempt to transfer in violation of the above provisions is invalid.
Privacy Policy
Please read and understand the "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") before you start using our products (hereinafter referred to as "this product").
We always respect and will strictly protect the legitimate rights and interests of users (including user privacy, user data, etc.) when using this product. We strive to be clear about how we collect, use, disclose, transmit and store your information. Although this policy applies to all of our services, we also have certain clear and explicit privacy supplements for specific services that contain additional information about our information processing practices. Your consent will be obtained when we perform other data collection and processing activities. Please be sure to read this privacy policy carefully, because as long as you use our services, you agree to the practices described in the privacy policy and supplementary provisions. If you do not agree with the practices described in the privacy policy, please do not use our services.
There are many different ways you can use our services. For this purpose, we will explain to you how we collect and use information, and how you can protect your privacy.
Our privacy policy includes the following issues:
What information do we collect
How we collect and use information
How you access and control your personal information
Information sharing, security, and use and changes of privacy policy
What information we collect
The shared information you provide to other parties through our services, and the information collected during your use of our services;
In addition to the information you provide, we may also use software in your device and other ways to collect information about your use of our services, such as device information, log information, location information, etc .;
How we collect and use information
Collection and use of personal information
When you interact with us and its affiliates, you may be asked to provide certain personal information necessary for your consent to use our basic products and services. This personal information may be combined with other information and used to improve our products or services, etc. Below are some examples of the types of personal information we may collect and how we use it.
Collection of personal information
When you create an APP account, software information, geographic location, and mobile phone model information.
Use of personal information
We will use your personal information in strict compliance with the content set out in this privacy policy and its updates. Your personal information will only be used for the purposes identified at the time of collection and with your consent, and we will obtain your consent in advance for any other purpose than that.
provide services to you;
Provide maintenance services for your equipment;
When we provide services, we use them for identity verification, customer service, security regulations, fraud monitoring, archiving, and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
Help us design new services and improve our existing services;
Software certification or management software upgrades;
Let you participate in surveys about our products and services;
Collection and use of non-personal information
At the same time, in order to operate and improve our technology and services, we will collect and use your non-personal information by ourselves, which will help us provide you with a better user experience and improve service quality.
Collection of non-personal information
Log information
—
When you use our services, etc., our server will automatically record certain log information. Such server log information may include the following information: IP address, browser type, browser language, referrer page, operating system, date / time stamp, and clickstream data.
Use of cookies
Cookie technology: When you visit our website or use the services provided by our official website platform, we may identify you through small data files. This is to help you avoid the need to repeat the steps of entering registration information, or to help you judge your account security. These data files may be cookies, FlashCookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated application (collectively "Cookies").
If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of this application platform that rely on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services.
You have the right to choose to accept or decline cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or features of this application that rely on cookies.
Relevant information obtained through the cookies set in this application will apply this policy.
How you access and control your personal information
We will do everything possible to take appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or other personal information provided when using our services. When accessing, updating, correcting, and deleting the foregoing information, we may require you to verify your identity to protect your account.
Information sharing, security and use and changes of privacy policy
How we share information
Except for the limited sharing set out in this privacy policy, we will keep your personal information strictly confidential. Without your consent, we will not disclose your information to third parties for their respective independent marketing or commercial purposes. You hereby authorize that we will share your personal information with third parties without your consent in the following cases:
Business partners. We may also share your information with trusted business partners, including wireless carriers. These entities may use your information to provide the services you request, make predictions about your preferences, and may provide you with promotional materials, advertisements, and other materials.
A service provider. We may also disclose your information to companies that provide services to or on our behalf, such as companies that assist us with billing or emailing on our behalf, but these entities can only use your information to provide services to us.
Other parties that are required or protected by law to be necessary for our services. In some cases we may disclose your information to other parties;
Obey the law or obey mandatory legal procedures (such as search warrants or other court orders);
Confirm or enforce compliance with our service strategy; and protect the rights, property or safety of us and our various affiliates, business partners or customers;
Other parties related to the affairs of the company. We may disclose your information to third parties during a company merger, transfer or bankruptcy;
Other parties with your consent. In addition to the disclosures described in this policy, we may also share your information with third parties when you agree to share or make a sharing request;
How we keep your information secure
Your account has security protection functions, please keep your account and password information properly. We only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and as long as required by laws and regulations;
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss of information, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious methods, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is not always possible to guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may cause problems due to factors beyond our control;
l We only allow employees who need to know our personal information to help us process it, and personnel authorized to process service companies on their behalf, and they need to fulfill strict contractual confidentiality obligations. If they fail to fulfill these obligations, they may May be held accountable or terminated from our relationship with us;
For us, the security of your information is very important. Therefore, we will continue to strive to protect the security of your personal information, and implement safeguards such as full encryption during storage and transmission to prevent your information from being accessed, used or disclosed without authorization. At the same time, the specific content of some encrypted data, except the user, is not authorized to access.
Collection and use of children's personal information
We recommend that children under the age of 13 use products or services with the permission and guidance of their legal guardian.
We do not collect their personal information without knowing that the other party is a child, and we will not disclose their personal information to any third party. The guardian has the right to refuse us and its affiliates to further collect the personal information of the ward, or ask us and the affiliate to The company deletes the personal information of the guardian. If we find that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete this information as soon as possible.
change
We may amend the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and the amendment forms part of this Privacy Policy. If these amendments result in a substantial reduction in your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently displaying the homepage or sending you an email or otherwise before the amendments take effect. In that case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by this revised Privacy Policy.