Log In
Try free for 7 days
FAQs
Try free for 7 days
ReciMe Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
This Privacy Policy outlines the commitment of
ReciMe Pty Ltd
(ABN 50 644 943 957) (ReciMe) to protect your personal information.
In this Privacy Policy, “we” and “us” refers to ReciMe Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries (including ReciMe Inc.) and “you” refers to any individual about whom we collect personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and our Apps.
This Privacy Policy applies to our users located in all countries in which we do business.
We are an Australian corporation, and we comply with all relevant privacy laws, including the requirements applicable to us under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (
Privacy Act
), relevant Australian State laws and the privacy laws of other countries in which we operate.
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we look after personal information. It explains the kinds of personal information that we collect, and why we collect it. It also describes how we hold, use, and disclose personal information.
By registering as a user for or using our App or our website (
“the Service”
), or by providing personal information to us including through a registration process, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
When you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, you consent to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We collect personal information in the provision of our products and services, including the marketing of our products and services. We collect personal information so that we can provide products, services and information to our customers and potential customers.
We also collect information where we are required to do so by law.
We do not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years of age, please do not provide your personal information to us.
The types of personal information we collect depends on the circumstances in which the information is collected. The types of personal information we collect may include:
Your name and contact details, including email, address, mailing address, and mobile number
Identification details, such as date of birth
Information regarding your use of or interest in our products and services
How you make payments to us in any transaction, such as payment details. This could include bank account and debit or credit card details
Your transaction history with us
Records of communications and dealings with you, such as emails, text, SMS, chat, telephone, and in-person communications
Information regarding your use of the Service
Authentication data, including your username and password when you log in via the Service, and the equivalent details as well as an authentication token in respect of your accounts with any third-party websites who have integrated into our platform (for example, social media sites)
Profile information if you set up an account with us, including any information that you add to any profile that you create through the Service, such as photos and information about yourself
Information you voluntarily provide about yourself, such as food preferences, lifestyle choices, cuisine choices, nutritional goals and preferences, dietary information, and grocery shopping patterns
Your device’s geo-location when accessing the Service
Advertising data such as information about your preferences in receiving marketing materials from us and third parties, and your communication preferences
Data related to groceries or food, such as information relating to any products that you select from a shopping list for purchase from a third-party site
Information we may collect as part of a survey, customer feedback request, or a competition
Information that you provide to us, for example, for verification purposes or as evidence in respect of a complaint
Other information that you provide to us during the course of business
For our employees, employee records that may contain personal information including safety information (e.g. location information, emergency contacts) and travel and right to work information (e.g. copies of passports and visas) and information to pay wages.
We collect information about people who are our suppliers and business partners, or who are employed by our suppliers and business partners. The information we collect is that which we need to do business with that party.
When you communicate with us, we may collect additional information including how best to manage communications with you.
You have no obligation to provide information to us, but if you do not provide certain information to us, you may not be able to use the Service.
ONLINE SERVICES AND USAGE DATA
When using our Service, our Service may automatically collect information about you and how you use our Service. We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.
We may collect information such as:
Usernames and passwords that you create to access the Service
Which functions and features you use and how you use them
Which pages you visit on our website
Device information, such as the model and ID of the device you use, operating system, telephone number, and mobile phone network
Server log information, such as details of how you used the service, IP address, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your use, and referral URL
Information that may uniquely identify your browser or your account
Location information
Information relating to your visits to other websites where we have a relation with the other website
Shopping lists you create, recipe interactions, and grocery transactions you may complete via the Service
If you visit our website, we may collect information on your use of the website, such as pages visited, links clicked, text entered, and mouse or cursor movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as the referring URL, browser, device, operating system, and Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We may use publicly available sources to approximate your geographic region and Internet Service Provider based on your IP address.
We may use your IP address or domain name for internal traffic monitoring and capacity management purposes or to otherwise administer our Service. No personal information is obtained; rather, the patterns and usage of our Service may be tracked for the purposes of providing improved service and content based on aggregate or statistical review of user traffic patterns.
We may use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases, and server logs. These technologies help us track your usage and remember your preferences.
Information collected by the Google Analytics cookie or tracking tag is transmitted to, and stored by, Google in accordance with its privacy practices. To opt out of Google Analytics, please visit:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For further information about Google’s targeted advertising systems, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
We also collect some statistical information about visitors to our websites (for example, the number of visitors, pages viewed, types of transactions conducted, time online, and documents downloaded), but this is not personal information because we may not know who the visitor is or because we may aggregate this information so that no person can be identified from the statistical information.
Our Service may contain links to other websites, and you may cite recipes located on other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. The privacy practices applicable to other websites may differ substantially from ours. Please read the privacy policy of any other websites you visit before using them.
We do not accept responsibility for the content or practices of websites operated by third parties that are linked to or from or that link to our Service.
We do not alter our website’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze the Service. The technologies we use may include:
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of the Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, the Service may use Cookies.
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of the Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be Persistent or Session Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
We use Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Tracking and Performance Cookies
Type:
Persistent Cookies
Administered by:
Third-Parties
Purpose:
These cookies are used to track information about traffic to our website and how users use our website. The information gathered via these cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access our website. We may also use these cookies to test new pages, features, or new functionality of our website to see how our users react to them.
For more general information about cookies, please visit:
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Sensitive information includes information about your health, racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, and criminal record.
Usually, we don’t collect sensitive information. If we need to do so, we will only collect sensitive information about you with your consent and where it is reasonably necessary for us to do so, or if we are otherwise allowed or required by law to collect that information. If you provide us with sensitive information, we will consider that you have consented to us collecting it.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide our products and services to you
to implement transactions that you participate in via the Service
to identify you and to assist you to obtain and use our products and services
to recommend or consider your eligibility for our products and services
to administer and manage our products and services including the completion of transactions and delivery of products and services acquired
to invite you to events including online events
to contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications included related to the Service, including the security updates
to respond to inquiries from you
to provide you with customer support
to provide you with information about the Service and how to use the Service
to monitor and detect possible fraud or breaches of our terms and conditions of service
to ensure that our Service is used in a legal and responsible manner
to ensure that you and your account with us comply with all relevant laws and your contractual obligations to us
to process payments
to improve our products and services
to carry out planning and forecasting activities
to conduct research
for security purposes, including to perform functions that we believe are necessary to protect the security and proper functioning of the Service
to comply with our legal obligations, assist in the enforcement of laws, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements
to investigate or pursue a legal claim
to administer surveys, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners
to make special offers related to our products and services
to gain an understanding of your needs to provide you with better and more personalized products and services tailored to your requirements
to promote and market our products
to maintain and update our records
as otherwise required or authorized by law
as authorized by you
We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, identifying food trends, building a profile of your preferences, making suggestions about recipes and products that we think will match your preferences, for targeted advertising purposes, assisting you with purchasing items from third-parties, to market the Service, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve the Service, products, services, marketing, and your experience.
We will not sell your personal information to advertisers or other third parties.
We may de-identify information about an individual so that the information can no longer be related to that individual. We may then use and disclose that de-identified information in the course of our business.
We may also aggregate information on the use of the Service in such a way that the information can no longer be related to the specific individuals. We may then use and disclose such aggregated information in the course of our business (including in any promotional or marketing material).
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
with our service providers to monitor and analyze the use of the Service, for payment processing, and to contact you
to and between our affiliates, who are also covered by this Privacy Policy
with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions
when you share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside
to government agencies, regulators, and law enforcement bodies
to insurance companies
to a court or tribunal
to a person who serves us with a subpoena or other legal document requiring us by law to disclose information or documents about you to them
to our consultants, contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, service providers, and professional advisors, who assist us in operating our business, for example to payment service providers, customer analytics providers, mail house operators, banks, investigators, and organizations that we engage to deal with you on our behalf
to anyone who acquires or considers acquiring our assets or business (or part of it)
With your consent: we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
LOCATION
We conduct our business in Australia and in other countries.
We may disclose information to recipients that are located outside the country in which you are located. We may disclose personal information to contractors and external service providers in and outside of Australia.
The service providers we engage may use international data centers and disaster recovery sites.
If you are in Australia, we will take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas recipient to whom we choose to disclose personal information does not breach the Australian Privacy Principles (other than Australian Privacy Principle 1) in relation to the personal information.
By using the Service or providing us with your personal information, you consent to the storage and use of your personal information in a country other than the country in which you are located and where a different privacy or data protection regime may apply.
The Australian Privacy Principles require that we take reasonable steps, dependent on the circumstances, to ensure that the overseas service provider to whom personal information is disclosed does not breach Australian privacy laws (the “Requirement”). Where the Australian Privacy Act applies, when you provide us with your personal information you consent to the disclosure of your information to an overseas provider. Your consent to this disclosure means that the Requirement does not apply and we will not be held accountable under the Australian Privacy Act for any breaches of the Australian Privacy Act by the overseas provider.
You consent to your personal information being stored in Australia, the United States, and the country in which you reside. We may change locations of the servers that we use, and if we do, we will update this Privacy Policy.
We take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your personal information.
SECURITY AND STORAGE
We may store customer information (including personal information and payment information) in a variety of formats, including electronic or paper formats.
Transmissions sent to or from the Service are routinely monitored for quality control and systems administration.
We take other reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is stored securely.
Security is a shared responsibility. If you are a customer or user of our platform, it is important for you to take reasonable steps to enhance security. These include:
Use up-to-date operating system and browser software.
When downloading documents, always scan them for viruses and malware.
Similar to emails, never execute any binary code on your computer or work with a file format you don’t understand.
Office document macros should be disabled when opening documents from the Internet.
Use a complex, unique password (i.e., one that you don’t use anywhere else).
Never disclose your password to others.
Accounts should not be shared — it’s expected that each user will have their own account.
Contact us immediately if you notice any unusual activity related to your account.
Although we take care, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided to us via electronic means or stored electronically. No security measures are perfect, and we cannot promise to be able to withstand security threats in all circumstances. We cannot guarantee the total security of any data transmission over the Internet.
Personal information is only retained for as long as is necessary or as required by law.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The service providers we use may have access to your personal information. These third-party service providers may collect, store, use, process, and transfer information about your activity on the Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies. Below is a description of some of the types of service providers we may use. Below that is a chart that lists the service providers we use, but please note that our service providers may change and that we may be delayed in updating this list to reflect such changes. Please contact us at
support@recime.app
if you wish to confirm current information.
Analytics
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Email Marketing
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g., payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
Minors
Our Service is not intended for anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child or minor has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at:
support@recime.app
.
ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to access, update and correct the personal information that we hold about you.
If you would like to access the personal information that we hold about you, please let us know by sending an email to
support@recime.app
. We will provide you with a copy of your personal information within a reasonable period after the request is made, usually within 30 days. In some cases, we may charge a reasonable fee to provide access to your personal information, but we will never charge you a fee to make a request. If a fee applies, we will advise you before we provide access. Sometimes, we may not be able to provide you with access to all your personal information and, where this is the case, we will tell you why. We may also need to verify your identity when you request your personal information.
We take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information we hold about you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, relevant, and not misleading.
If you would like to make an update or correction to any personal information we hold about you, please let us know by sending an email to
support@recime.app
.
If there is a reason for not granting you access to your information or making a correction to any personal information, we will provide you with a written explanation of the reasons for the refusal (unless unreasonable to do so) and inform you of the mechanisms to complain about the refusal.
DELETION
In respect of information stored in the Service, the Service includes working functionality to allow you to download and delete any of the information in your account at no charge.
You cannot (and we will not) delete information that is stored in another user’s account.
In respect of information that is held by us but that is not stored in the Service, if you choose to have your personal information deleted from our records, we will do so within a reasonable time of your request to us. If so, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is not used (except as may be required by law) by us after your request.
Your information may still be retained, however, to resolve potential or actual disputes, enforce agreements we have with you, or due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Service.
SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONAL PROVISIONS
EUROPEAN AND UK RESIDENTS
If you are a European or UK resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we are processing your personal information to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Australia.
In addition to the provisions set out above, we may process your personal information under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given your consent for processing your personal information for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of your personal information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Vital interests:
Processing your personal information is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing your personal information is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.
Legitimate interests:
Processing your personal information is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us.
Your Rights Under the GDPR
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if you are within the EU or UK, to:
Request access to your Personal Information:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Request correction of the Personal Information that we hold about you:
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Object to processing of your Personal Information:
This right exists where we are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to our processing of your personal information on this ground.
Request erasure of your Personal Information:
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information when there is no good reason for us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Information:
We will provide to you, or to a third-party you have chosen, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw your consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent on using your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
If you would like to exercise the foregoing rights, you may email us at:
support@recime.app
. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. If you make a request, we will try our best to respond to you as soon as possible.
The data controller is ReciMe Pty Ltd.
We have appointed a European and UK representative to act on our behalf regarding our compliance with the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulation. If you are based in the EEA or UK, you may contact our European or UK representative regarding data protection matters relevant to you. Details for our European and UK representative are as follows:
Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
- ReciMe Pty Ltd -
Colmantstraße 15
53115 Bonn
Germany
art-27-rep-recime@rickert.law
Further, if the Client uses the UK-GDPR representative service, the Rickert Services UK is designated as the Client’s representative. The Client may use the following data to announce the designation to be included in the information according to Art. 13 GDPR:
Rickert Services Ltd UK
- ReciMe Pty -
PO Box 1487
Peterborough
PE1 9XX
United Kingdom
art-27-rep-recime@rickert-services.uk
Californian Residents
This notice to California residents is provided under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Cal. Civ. Code 1798.100, et seq. This notice supplements and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy by explaining your privacy rights if you are a California resident, providing our “notice at collection,” and providing certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of California residents’ information, both online and offline.
Right to Access
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request, up to two times each year, access to categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, and sell.
Right to Delete
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collect from you, subject to applicable legal exceptions.
Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA).
If you wish to make such a request or to opt out, please contact us by email on the email address below. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity.
Our Privacy Policy above sets out any mandatory disclosures required under the CCPA.
Virginia United States Residents’ Rights
Virginia is a State in the United States. Virginia law provides Virginia residents with the rights listed below.
Right to Access
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to access your personal data.
Right to Correct
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing.
Right to Delete
You have the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about you.
Right to Portability
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of the personal data that you provided to us.
Right to Opt Out
You have the right to opt out of targeted advertising (as defined under Virginia law). We do not sell data as defined under Virginia law.
To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please contact us by email on the email address below. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity.
Our Privacy Policy above sets out any mandatory disclosures required under Virginia laws.
GENERAL
Other important agreements that govern your use of the Service
In addition to our Privacy Policy, your rights and obligations concerning Service are governed by our Client Agreement. Please review the relevant Client Agreement carefully as you must agree to comply before you use the Service.
Business transfers
We reserve the right to transfer information (including personal information) that you provide or that we otherwise collect in connection with a sale or transfer of assets or of any portion of our business.
Links to other sites
Our Service may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites. The privacy practices applicable to those other websites may differ substantially from ours, so we advise you to read the privacy policy of those other websites before using them.
Links from other sites
Additionally, there may be third party websites that may be providing links to our website without our knowledge or control. We are not responsible for the content of any third-party websites, expressly disclaim any statements or assertions made on such websites, and deny all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other websites or advertisements contained therein.
FURTHER INFORMATION AND COMPLAINTS
For further information, or if you would like to make a complaint about our use, handling or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via email at:
support@recime.app
. Following receipt of your complaint, we will investigate and respond to you within a reasonable period of time.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you may also contact the relevant regulator such as the Australian Information Commissioner. As at the date of this Privacy Policy, the contact details are as follows:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 363 992
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Online:
https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/how-do-i-make-a-privacy-complaint
If you would like more information about the Privacy Act or Australian privacy requirements in general, please visit the Office of the Information Commissioner’s website at
www.oaic.gov.au
.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices.
From time to time, we will change this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will update the Privacy Policy on our website. The changes will come into effect immediately upon notification on our website.
If the changes are significant, we will aim to provide customers with an email notification of the changes.
You should check our website from time to time to understand how the current version of our Privacy Policy applies to you.
Last updated on: 18 November 2024
Suite 12/3 Albert Coates Ln, Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Help Center
© 2025 ReciMe. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/how-do-i-make-a-privacy-complaint:
We use cookies on this site
We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our
privacy policy
.
Close
Skip to main content
Privacy
Privacy complaints
Privacy complaints
The
Privacy Act 1988
has strict rules about how an organisation or agency handles your personal information. If you think they’ve mishandled it, you can lodge a complaint with us.
Listen
What you can complain about
You may complain if your personal information is mishandled
How we investigate and resolve your complaint
We're an impartial third party when handling your complaint
Your complaint review rights
You have the right to appeal our decision or determination
External dispute resolution schemes
Schemes we recognise to handle privacy-related complaints
How to ...
Complain to an organisation or agency
Do this first, before complaining to us
Lodge a privacy complaint with us
You can complain to us in writing
Representative complaints
Privacy complaint: immigration data breach
Class privacy complaint against the Department of Immigration and Border Security, our notice to those affected and our determination
Representative complaint: Medibank data breach
The Information about the representative complaint against Medibank Private Limited arising out of the 2022 Medibank data breach, and our notice to those affected.
Handling of personal information by Dymocks Pty Ltd
The information about the representative complaint against Dymocks Pty Ltd resulting from a data breach in 2023
Representative complaint: handling of personal information by Ticketek Pty Ltd
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
We'd love to hear more!
Please tell us more
Rate your experience
We'd love to hear more about your rating
What did you come here to do?
How can we improve this information?
⨯
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin