Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by ("we," "us" or "our") through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
Our privacy policy is fully COPPA complain!
There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:
1. "Personal Information," which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), credit card information and, in some cases, user names; and
2. "Non-personal Information," which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. Non-personal Information also includes "Usage Data," which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Websites/Apps, the browser you use, the identity of other apps included on your device, the date and time of your use of the Websites/Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps you used before and after using our Websites/Apps.
Use of the Personal Information That We Collect
When you download and use our Websites/Apps, we don't require you to provide any personal information and we don't collect any personal information about you, except we collect:
- if the parents send us an email from the Websites/Apps, then only we collect the email addresses specifically to provide support
Use of the Non-personal Information That We Collect
Non-personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-personal Information to:
- track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities to enhance your gaming experience;
- compile statistics;
- protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons;
- determine the jurisdiction in which you are located so we can determine what set of laws apply to you;
- send you push notifications (if you choose to allow that function);
- this data may be used for internal purposes such as personalization of content and contextual (not behavioral) advertising.
Children / Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Our Websites/Apps comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request ("Support Information"). We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
We do not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. To the extent we feel that any of our Websites/Apps are directed to children under the age of 13, we will not collect Personal Information from users of those Websites/Apps.
If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us and we will delete the information from our system.
We may collect Non-personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps. The data collected will be anonymous and not tied to any Personal Information. In addition, this data will be used solely for internal purposes such as personalization of content, security, and contextual (not behavioral) advertising.
Certain of our Websites/Apps may permit in-game purchases, even if the applicable game was free to download. Such purchases do not always require the re-entry of credit card information because they may be made through an existing third-party account (such as an iTunes account). If you are a parent who is concerned about this feature, you may disable the ability to make in-game purchases by selecting the Settings tab for the applicable Website/App, and following the necessary prompts to prohibit such purchases.
If you are between the age of 13 and 18, please obtain your parents' permission prior to registering with our Platform or providing us with any Personal Information.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don't rent, sell or share your email address unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances:
(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
Collection of other "Non-Personal" Information
Our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdColony:
http://privacy.adcolony.com/
Google Advertisement (Google Adsense, Admob):
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it