Sellpy’s data policy
Your privacy is important to Sellhelp AB ("Sellpy"). Sellpy collects and processes your personal data responsibly. This policy explains why we collect data, what data we collect and what we do with it. In addition to this, this policy explains your rights and how you can exercise them. It is important that you read our data policy before using our services.
What data do we collect?
In order to be able to offer our services, we process personal data. The data that is processed depends on how you use our services.
The data we process can be divided into three categories:
1. Data that you give to us
2. Data that we collect from you
3. Data we collect from third parties
1.Data you give to us:
We collect the data that you give to us when using our services. Examples of activities where you give us data include when you create an account with us, buy or sell an item, sign up for our newsletter or communicate with our customer service team. We process the following data:
Personal and contact information: First name, last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, password.
Payment information: Bank account details, bank name.
Communication data: If you contact us (e.g. via phone, email, chat or Facebook) and have questions about our services or other topics, we record the content of your messages.
2.Data that we collect from you:
We collect data about how you use our services, for example the types of products you look for or send to us, features that you use and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. We process the following data:
Data about items and services: When you use Sellpy, data is generated that allows us to see when you used our services and what content (e.g. items, shops) you have viewed or interacted with.
Transaction data: We collect data about your purchases and transactions. This includes delivery and billing information and information about the payment method you have selected. Sellpy does not collect your credit or payment card number or others details. Credit card and payment data is only stored by our payment service providers.
Access and device data: When you interact with us, technical data is processed in order to be able to provide our services. Data is created every time our online service is used. This includes the following: information about how you found and left our services, information on server access (e.g. transmitted data volumes and error messages), website response times, general device information such as IP address, language settings, browser settings, time zone, operating system, platform and screen resolution.
3.Data we collect from third parties
We may also collect additional data from third parties, such as marketplaces and data service providers, and combine this data with the data that we collect from you. We process the following data:
Data from our partners: Address details, data about your purchases, demographic data, credit checks and other data from credit agencies, as far as legally permissible. We ensure that each of these partners is legally entitled to collect and transmit the data before we collect it.
Social media networks: Sellpy is present on various social media networks and Facebook’s messenger service is integrated with our services. Various social plug-ins are also integrated on the Sellpy website, e.g. you have the option to log into Sellpy via Facebook. If you use these features or interact with Sellpy through social media networks and are a member of these social media networks, we may receive data from their operators which can be used to identify you.
Sellpy currently uses Facebook's messenger service and login service as well as plug-ins from the following social networks:
Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland. You can find the link to Facebook's privacy policy here: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. You can find the link to Instagram's privacy policy here: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA. You can find the link to Linkedin’s privacy policy here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
How do we use the collected data?
Sellpy processes your personal data for the following purposes:
To provide our services
We need some of your personal data in order to be able to provide you with our services. This includes the following:
Delivery and collection of Sellpy bags and orders: In order to collect and deliver orders, we process your contact details.
Payments and withdrawals: We use your payment information to receive payment for our items and services and to process withdrawals. Lawful basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point b) GDPR.
E-mail advertising: If you register for our newsletter, we use the data required for this or separately provided by you in order to send you our recurring email newsletter with your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Paragraph 1 S. 1 point a) GDPR. Unsubscribing from the newsletter is possible at any time and can be done via a link provided in the newsletter. After unsubscribing, we will delete your e-mail address unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 S 1 point a) GDPR.
Adapt and improve our services
We also use your data to adapt content and improve our services.
Personalised content: We use your data to select and customize what content is displayed. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR. The legitimate interest is based on the purposes mentioned above.
Product development: We use your data to develop, test and improve our services. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR. The legitimate interest is based on the purposes mentioned above.
Offers and sponsored content: We use your data to select and customize the ads, offers and other sponsored content that is displayed for you. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR. The legitimate interest is based on the purposes mentioned above
Data security
We use your data to verify accounts and activity. In addition to this we use your data to investigate and prevent suspicious activity or violations of our terms or privacy policy. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR, Sellpy has a legitimate interest in maintaining security for users.
Communication with you
We use your data to communicate with you about your orders and any questions you may have. We use the data that you provide when communicating with our customer service team in order to be able to answer your inquiries. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point b) GDPR.
We also use your personal data to conduct surveys. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR. The legitimate interest is based on the purposes mentioned above. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point a) GDPR.
You can revoke your consent at any time in the settings on your account or by sending a message to dataprotection@sellpy.se.
Business conduct
In some situations we have to process your data due to legal requirements, e.g. in order to fulfil tax obligations or to carry out money laundering checks, the lawful basis for this is Article 6 Paragraph 1 point c) GDPR.
Who has access to the data?
We share data only if this is permitted. This is done in the following ways:
Mergers or acquisitions
In the event Sellpy acquires or sells a business or assets, Sellpy may share your personal information with a potential seller or buyer.
In the event that Sellpy or a substantial part of its assets is acquired by a third party, Sellpy may share your personal data with the buyer. Legal basis: Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR and if necessary, e.g. if it concerns special personal data according to Article 9 GDPR, only with separate consent from you as a customer.
Suppliers and providers of services
We transfer your data to suppliers or subcontractors in order to fulfill our contractual obligations towards you. We do not sell and will never sell your data to anyone. In addition to this we have strict rules for how our partners may use the data we provide them with. Data that we provide to suppliers includes:
Logistical and technical service providers: We transfer data to our logistics suppliers, technical infrastructure service providers, customer service and payment service providers in order to fulfill orders, handle potential questions and provide you with a functioning service.
Authorities: We provide your data to the authorities (e.g. the police, or the tax office) if we are legally obliged to do so or if you have consented to the sharing of the data.
We will only pass on your information to the following people with your express consent:
Other users who sell items through our services: When you buy something from a seller through our services, the seller will get the necessary information to complete the transaction, e.g. details of the delivery details so that the package can be successfully delivered.
Analysis service suppliers: With your consent, we will share your data with suppliers who analyze our services.
Advertisers: We share your data to advertisers with your consent in order to be able to make you personalized offers.
Partners: With your consent, we will send your contact details and purchase data to our partners for direct email marketing.
You can revoke your consent at any time in the settings on your account or by sending a message to dataprotection@sellpy.se.
What are your rights?
According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you are entitled to access your data as well as to alter, export and delete your data. You are also entitled to object to certain processing of your data or to restrict it. You have the following rights:
The right to object to our processing of your personal data, which we use for direct marketing purposes, profiling or on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 point f) GDPR (Article 21 GDPR). You can exercise this right of objection by contacting us at dataprotection@sellpy.se or your account settings, the right to information (Article 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR), the right to erasure (Article 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR), the right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR), the right to withdraw consent (Article 7 GDPR) and the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (Article 77).
Data storage and deletion of account
In accordance with our policy, your personal data will be saved from the time you used our service for up to 36 months.
If we have to save your data for legal obligations, e.g. in order to adhere to accounting requirements, we will only save the data for as long as it is necessary and/or legally binding.
If you delete your account, your old data will be deleted and cannot be recreated. You can delete your account at any time in your settings, or contact dataprotection@sellpy.se.
Where do we process your personal data?
We always strive to process your data within the EU/EEA. However, under certain circumstances, your data might be transmitted to a supplier or subcontractor who is located in a country outside the EU/EEA. Sellpy believes that your personal data is important and we are determined to protect it, therefore we will enforce all legal, technical and organizational measures to ensure that your data is processed securely and with an adequate level of protection that is comparable to the protection within the EU/EEA.
How do cookies and similar technologies work
We use cookies and similar tracking techniques to offer a personalised online experience. You can find out more about the use of cookies and similar technologies in our cookie policy.
How will you be notified of changes to this policy?
We will notify you before we make any major changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised privacy policy before continuing to use our services.
How to contact Sellpy if you have any questions
If you have any questions about this data policy or the processing of your personal data, you can contact us using the contact details below.
Sellhelp AB is responsible for processing your data. Sellhelp AB is registered with the Swedish Company Register Office (Bolagsverket) with organizational number 556996-1260.
Email address for data protection questions: dataprotection@sellpy.se
Post address: Sellhelp AB, Box 27033, 102 51 Stockholm, Sweden
If you are not satisfied with our handling of your questions, you can contact the responsible supervisory authority for your country with your complaint.
Updated: November 3rd, 2020
Download