Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
HEALER_Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
HEALER
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy is really important to Healer. (“Healer”, “our”, “us” or “we”). We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information we receive from users of our game application for mobile devices and tablet computers (the “Apps”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the App and site.
Information Collection And Use
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Apps, Site, and related services (collectively, the “Services”), to administer your use of the Services (including your account, if you choose to create an account for your use of the Services), and to enable you to enjoy our Services.
Account Information
Except as described below, we do not collect any information that can be used to contact or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address, or phone number (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”) in connection with your use of the Services. However, we do collect certain other information that you provide us, such as your nickname, if you use our Services as a guest. If you choose to create an account for your use of the Services through one of your third party social networking accounts (such as Facebook) (“SNS Accounts”), you may have to provide us with your username (or userID) so that your identity can be authenticated by the SNS Account. When the authentication is complete, we'll be able to link your account with the SNS Account and access certain information, such as your first name, SNS Account profile picture, and SNS Account identification number. We don't receive or store passwords for any of your SNS Accounts.
Information Related To Use Of The Services
Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as “Log Data”), including both account holders and non-account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a Userʼs Internet Protocol (IP) address, device type, operating system, the links and advertisements on our Services that a User clicked on, the amount of time you interact with the Services, and other statistics. We use this information to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) this information to improve and enhance the Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences. We also use the IP Address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.
Location Information
In some cases, we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Mobile Device Information
When you access the Services via a mobile device, we will collect information related to the mobile device such as the serial number or MAC address and the open UDID of the device. We may use this information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Advertising & Third Party Products and Services
The Services are supported via advertising, and we collect certain data to help the Services serve ads. We may work with analytic companies to help us understand how the Services are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Services. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Services, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain information about other services you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Services and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising-related use.
Service Providers
We may engage third-party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party service providers have access to your information only to perform services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose. We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, and other similar purposes.
Type of Data Collected
Account-holders
If you choose to connect your SNS Account to the Services, other Users of the Services will be able to see your SNS Account first name and profile picture and information related to your use of the Services, such as the number of times you have accessed or used the Services.
Guest Users
If you choose to use the Services without connecting to an SNS Account, your nickname and information related to your use of the Services, such as the number of times you have accessed or used the Services, will be viewable by other Users.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Disclosure Of Data
It is our policy to protect you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal systems, whether by individuals, entities, or government, and to contest claims that we believe to be invalid under applicable law. However, it is also our policy to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties. Accordingly, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to the government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary: (i) to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation, or legal process or to respond to lawful requests, including subpoenas, warrants or court orders; (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the rights, property, and safety of third parties or the public in general; and (iii) to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
We will share your information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so via the Services.
Security Of Data
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your information) from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
Transfer Of Data
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If youʼre located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, we may transfer your information to the United States and Brazil or other preferred locations and process it there.
Modifying Your Information
You can access and modify the information associated with your account in the “Settings” section of the Services. If you want us to delete your information and your account, please contact us through the app with your request. Weʼll take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
Links To Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: HealerAssistantTeam@gmail.com