Terms And Conditions
Terms And Conditions
Please read these Terms carefully before proceeding to use the Site. By continuing to access or use the “Afghanistan International Bank” web site at www.aib.af (the “Web Site”) you are agreeing to the Terms that appear below, whether or not you register as a user. The web site is collectively referred to in these Terms as “the Site”.
Interested ?
This Site is owned and operated by Afghanistan International Bank. Afghanistan International Bank may change or amend the Terms from time to time without prior notice. Accordingly, please continue to review these Terms and conditions of service whenever accessing or using this Site. Your use of the Site, or any service on this Site, after the posting of modifications to these Terms and conditions of service will constitute your acceptance of the Terms and conditions of service, as modified. If, at any time, you do not wish to accept the Terms and conditions of service, you may not use the Site. Any terms and conditions proposed by you which are in addition to or which conflict with these Terms and conditions of service are expressly rejected by Afghanistan International Bank and shall be of no force or effect.
A. Use of the Site Content
All material on the Site and News by E-mail (the “Content”) belongs to Afghanistan International Bank or its licensors. You may retrieve and display Content from the Site on a computer screen, print individual pages on paper (but not photocopy them) and store such pages in electronic form on disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network) for your personal, non-commercial use only.
Except as expressly set out above, you may not reproduce, modify or in any way commercially exploit any of the Content. In particular, but without limiting the general application of the restrictions contained in the preceding sentence, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from Afghanistan International Bank:
redistribute, retransmit, republish any of the Content (including by using it as part of any library, archive or similar service);
remove the copyright or trade mark notice from any copies of Content made under these Terms;
create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the Content.
Requests to republish or redistribute Content should be addressed to Afghanistan International Bank at
webmaster@aib.af
.
You acknowledge that “AIB” logo is the intellectual property of Afghanistan International Bank and that you may not use them without written permission from Afghanistan International Bank.
B. Registration
On registration, you must provide Afghanistan International Bank with accurate, complete registration information and it is your responsibility to inform Afghanistan International Bank of any changes to that information (including in particular your e-mail address) by e-mailing to
webmaster@aib.af
.
Each registration is for a single user only. On registration, you will choose a user name and password.
If on registration you provide Afghanistan International Bank with an e-mail address that will result in any emails Afghanistan International Bank may send you being sent to you via a computer network operated by or on behalf of your employer or college (or similar) then you are warranting that you are entitled to receive e-mails at that address. You also agree that Afghanistan International Bank may refrain from sending you any e-mails to such address without notifying you, even if you have subscribed to receive them, if we receive a request from your employer or college to stop sending e-mails to that address.
C. News by E-Mail
Afghanistan International Bank may give you the option to subscribe to its e-mail news service. Your use of the Content received through the e-mail news service will be subject to these Terms.
D. No Warranties, Exclusion of Damages, Limitation of Liability and Exclusive Remedy
The Content is only for your general information and use and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the Content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation or arrangement by Afghanistan International Bank and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions. Appropriate independent advice should be obtained before making any such decision. Any arrangements made between you and any third party named on this Site are at your sole risk and responsibility.
Because of the number of sources from which Afghanistan International Bank obtains content and the nature of electronic distribution via the internet and mobile telephones (or other portable electronic devices), Afghanistan International Bank does not give any warranties in respect of the Site, content, software or services available through the Site (collectively, “site services”). In particular, the Site services are provided on an “as is”, “with all faults” and “as available” basis. To the extent allowed by applicable law, Afghanistan International Bank hereby disclaims all warranties, conditions or duties of every nature whatsoever (except any duties of good faith), including without limitation, any warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, any express or statutory warranties, and any warranties or duties regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness of the Content, lack of negligence or of workmanlike effort.
E. No Incidental or Consequential Damages
To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that Afghanistan International Bank will not be liable to you and/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to lost profits, loss of privacy or for failure to meet any duty including but not limited to any duty of good faith, lack of negligence or of workmanlike effort) or for any other indirect, special, or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Site services or to any breach of the terms by Afghanistan International Bank, even if Afghanistan International Bank has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even in the event of fault, tort (including negligence) or strict liability.
F. Links
The Site contains links to other World Wide Web sites and may contain links to other WAP sites provided by independent third parties (“Third Party Sites”), either directly or through frames. Afghanistan International Bank is not responsible for the availability or content of Third Party Sites and will not be a party to, or in any way responsible for, any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third Party Sites.
G. Privacy Policy
We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy online and have taken steps to protect the information you share with us. Afghanistan International Bank does collect certain personal information in order to provide you with customized services, content, and advertisements. We collect personal information from you through the use of enquiry and registration forms filled out by you and every time you e-mail us your details.
We process personal information collected via www.aib.af for the purposes of:
providing a personalized service;
conducting market research surveys;
using your information for the effective administration of the Site and to communicate with you;
providing you with information about products and services we offer.
If you do not wish to receive information about our products or services, please mail us at
webmaster@aib.af
. However, we may disclose your information to business partners and third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf or in accordance with a properly executed court order. You may inform us at any time not to share your personal information with third parties by sending us an e-mail message at
webmaster@aib.af
.
H. Changes to the Terms
Afghanistan International Bank reserves the right, at its discretion, to make changes to any part of the Site without any prior notice. When Terms are changed, Afghanistan International Bank will notify you by e-mail or by publishing details of those changes by including them to the last item of these Terms. If you use the Site after Afghanistan International Bank has published or notified you of the changes, you are agreeing now to be bound by those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by those changes, you should not use the Site any further after they are published at the last item of these Terms or after you receive notice of them.
I. Contribution
Part of the Site may contain information from Contributors. Contributors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site complies with international and national law. Afghanistan International Bank will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in contributed material.
J. Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, current Afghan legislation.
K. Public Forums
The Site may include bulletin boards, discussion groups, or other public areas (the Forums) that allow feedback to the Site and interaction between users. You are solely responsible for the content of your messages and Afghanistan International Bank does not accept liability for any loss or damage that derives from reliance on the information posted on the Forums. Afghanistan International Bank reserves the right to delete, move, or edit the content of the messages posted on the Forums.
L. General
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy. Headings in these Terms are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect.
Interested?
Please reselect captcha
Please tick to confirm that you are happy to have your information stored only for communication about this enquiry by
Afghanistan International Bank
.
Loading…