Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to all information that
Juri Novikov
and/or its affiliates ("Copyright Holder") may receive about the User ("User" or "You") during the use of any apps, programs, websites, products or services operated by the Copyright Holder ("Services" or "Services of the Copyright Holder") and during the execution of any agreements between the User and the Copyright Holder. The User's consent to the Policy, expressed by the User in the framework of a relationship with one of the listed persons, applies to all other listed persons.
By using the Services of the Copyright Holder the User expresses unconditional consent to this Policy and the conditions for processing their personal information specified in it; in case of disagreement with these conditions, the User must refrain from using the Services.
Users' personal information processed by the Copyright Holder
Within the framework of this Policy, "User's personal information" means:
Personal information that User provides about themselves when signing up (creating an account) or when using the Services, including personal data of the User. In order to assess the Service the User must provide obligatory information that is marked in a special way. Other information is provided by the User at their discretion.
Data that is automatically transmitted to the Copyright Holder's Services during their use through the software installed on the User's device, including IP address, cookie data, information about the User's browser (or other program that provides access to the Services), technical characteristics of the equipment and software used by the User, date and time of access to the Services, addresses of the requested pages, and other similar information.
Other information about the User, the processing of which is required by the terms of use of certain Services of the Copyright Holder.
This Policy applies only to information processed during the use of the Services of the Copyright Holder. The Copyright Holder does not control and is not responsible for the processing of information by third-party services, which the User may access as a result of a click on links available on the Services of the Copyright Holder.
The Copyright Holder does not verify the accuracy of the personal information provided by the User and does not have the ability to assess their legal capacity. However, the Copyright Holder assumes that the User provides reliable and sufficient personal information and keeps the information up to date.
Purposes for processing Users' personal information
The Copyright Holder only collects and stores the personal information that is required for the provision of Services or the fulfillment of agreements with the User, except for cases when mandatory storage of personal information for a certain period of time is required by law.
The Copyright Holder processes the User's personal information for the following purposes:
To identify the party within the Services and agreements with the Copyright Holder;
To deliver personalized Services to the User and fulfill agreements;
To communicate with the User, including notifications, requests, and information related to the Services, to fulfill agreements and process requests from the User;
To improve the quality of Services, simplify them, and develop new Services;
To target advertising materials;
To conduct statistical and other researches that are based on depersonalized data.
Conditions for processing Users' personal information and its release to third parties
The Copyright Holder stores Users' personal information in accordance with the internal regulations of certain services.
The User's personal information is kept confidential, except for cases when the User voluntarily provides information about themselves for general access to an unlimited number of persons. When using certain Services the User agrees that a part of their personal information becomes publicly available.
The Copyright Holder may share the User's personal information with third parties in the following cases:
The User has agreed to such actions;
The User needs to share such information in order to use a certain Service or to fulfill certain agreements between the User and the Service;
The release of information is required by
Republic of Estonia
or other applicable legislation within the framework of the procedure established by law;
Such release of information occurs as part of a sale or other transfer of business (in whole or in part), while the acquirer is subject to all obligations to comply with the terms of this Policy in relation to the personal information received by them;
In order to ensure possible protection of rights and legitimate interests of the Copyright Holder or third parties in cases where the User violates the
the Services of the Copyright Holder, which is incorporated by reference into this Policy, this Policy, or documents containing the terms of use of certain Services.
As a result of processing the User's personal information by depersonalizing it - depersonalized statistical data that has been obtained is transferred to a third party for conducting research, performing work or providing services on behalf of the Copyright Holder.
When processing Users' personal data, the Copyright Holder is acting under the current legislation of the
Republic of Estonia
.
Pixel tags and other similar technologies for data collection
The Copyright Holder uses and may allow others to use pixel tags and similar technologies (such as web beacons and cookies) to recognize You and your devices. The Copyright Holder uses pixels to identify the User, remember their preferences and settings, analyze traffic and trends, implement and evaluate the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, and support social network functions.
Measures of User's personal information protection
The Copyright Holder takes required and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect the User's personal information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions committed by third parties.
Changes to this Privacy Policy. Applicable legislation
The Copyright Holder has the right to modify this Privacy Policy. The latest version of the Policy shall come into effect upon publishing unless otherwise provided by the new version of the Policy. The current version is always available at:
.
The legislation of the
Republic of Estonia
applies to this Policy and the relationship between the User and the Copyright Holder arising from the application of the Privacy Policy
Feedback. Questions and suggestions
The User has the right to send any suggestions or questions about this Policy to the user support service at
hello@instinctdate.app
.