EPIC GAMES PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: January 17, 2025
For
Children’s Privacy
, see Section 5
Welcome to Epic!
Epic Games, Inc. is headquartered in Cary, North Carolina. We and our subsidiaries have offices and operations located around the world that help create and deliver some of your favorite products and services, including games like Fortnite and development tools like Unreal Engine (see “Our Global Operations” below).
This privacy policy describes the different ways we may collect, use, and share information on, through, or in connection with the Epic Services (see “What are the Epic Services?” below). If you have any questions, you can always reach out to us as described in “Contact Us” below.
When we refer to “Epic” (or any similar terms like “we” or “us”) in this privacy policy, we mean the Epic Games entity that controls and is responsible for your information, including Epic Games, Inc. and its subsidiaries that help provide and support the Epic Services. You can also find details about the data controller for personal information we collect through different Epic Services in “Contact Us” below.
1. WHAT ARE THE EPIC SERVICES?
We use the term “Epic Services” to describe any Epic products or services that directly link to this privacy policy. These include, for example:
games like
Fortnite
,
Rocket League
(through our subsidiary Psyonix),
Fall Guys
(through our subsidiary Mediatonic), and
Horizon Chase 2
(through our subsidiary Aquiris Game Studio LLC);
websites, and applications such as
www.epicgames.com
and the
Epic Games Store
,
Postparty
(through Life on Air),
www.rocketleague.com
(through Psyonix), and
www.fallguys.com
(through Mediatonic);
live events where this privacy policy is posted; and
developer tools, including the
Developer Portal
and
Unreal Engine
.
Note that your use of the Epic Services may also be subject to additional terms and conditions. For example, you must review and accept the
Fortnite End User License Agreement
to play Fortnite, the
Psyonix End User License Agreement
to play Rocket League, the
Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout – End User License Agreement
to play Fall Guys, and the
Horizon Chase 2 End User License Agreement
to play Horizon Chase 2.
Please read this entire privacy policy. You should also carefully review any other agreements that apply to the Epic Services you use, and confirm you understand and agree to them, before using those products or services.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The types of information we collect depend on how you interact with us. Generally speaking, we collect information in three main ways: A) when you provide it to us, B) automatically when you use the Epic Services, and C) from service providers and third parties.
A. Information You Provide
You can provide us with different kinds of information depending on how you interact with the Epic Services. Sometimes we’ll ask you to provide specific pieces of information, such as when we require it to provide parts of the Epic Services to you (for example, by prompting you to provide your date of birth or complete an online registration process). If we ask you to provide us with information in these cases and you choose not to, you may not be able to access the relevant Epic Services and/or some features may not operate as intended.
For instance, in order to make purchases on the Epic Games Store and to play some of our games, you’ll need an Epic account. To create one, you’ll need to provide us with basic registration information like your name, a public-facing display name, password, the country you live in, and email address. If you want to make a purchase, we may ask you to provide payment-related information (like your credit card number and expiration date) to complete the transaction. In addition, many of our services require your date of birth to determine which features we can offer you and which settings to apply to your account based on your age and location.
We also collect the information you voluntarily provide to sign up for email alerts, use social features like forums or chat, register for early access to our games, use our developer tools (including to create and publish games and other content), enable two-factor authentication, register for or attend our events, complete surveys, or contact us through Player Support requests or customer service. If you use our voice chat feature and voice reporting is enabled in a voice channel, snippets of voice chat audio data will be stored on your device and the devices of participants in the voice channel. If a violation of our Community Rules is reported, these snippets may be transmitted to Epic to help us enforce those Community Rules. If you enter a contest or competitive event, or participate in our
Support-A-Creator
or
Island Creator
programs, we’ll collect your application information and other information we may need to help confirm your eligibility and process payouts. We collect whatever information you choose to provide to us in those or other similar cases.
B. Information We Collect Automatically
We collect some information automatically when you visit, access, or use the Epic Services. This includes information about your gameplay or application usage, purchases, entitlements, and other activity in the Epic Services, that are typically associated with your account (if you are logged into your Epic account or use a third-party account to access the Epic Services) or with an identifier we have assigned to your device or profile. While the specific types of information that we automatically collect may vary, they generally include:
• Usage information and statistics about how you interact with the Epic Services, including the application you used or the game you played, how long you used or played it and when, gameplay attempts, progression and results, saved preferences, crash reports, the URLs of our websites that you have visited, URLs of referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, and platform type;
• Technical information about your computer, device, hardware, or software you use to access our services, such as IP address, device identifiers, your internet service provider, plugins, or other transactional or identifier information for your device (such as device make and model, information about device operating systems and browsers, or other device or system-related specifications); and
• The general location of your device, which we typically derive from your device’s IP address.
The Epic Services use technologies such as cookies, log files, and web beacons to automatically collect the types of information listed above. Some of these technologies may create small files or record-keeping tools that may be stored on your device. They help us, our service providers, and third parties recognize your device and provide information about how you use and interact with the Epic Services. For example, they support our ability to authenticate users, remember preferences, manage advertising, personalize experiences, and conduct data analytics.
Please note that if certain features on the Epic Services are provided by third parties, those third parties may also use automated means of data collection and may record information about your use of the Epic Services, their services, or others’ websites over time. For example, when you use Epic Services (like Unreal Engine) that include third-party software, those third-party providers may collect information through their technology. These features are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies.
C. Information We Collect from Other Sources
In some cases, we may also receive information about you from service providers and third parties in connection with your use of the Epic Services or your interactions with us on other platforms.
For example, some other developers allow you to use your Epic account to log in to their service. And if you choose to link your Epic account with your account on a third-party social media (like Facebook), gaming (like Steam), or other similar website or service, or if you interact with an ad for one of the Epic Services on an external website or service, the company that operates that website or service may share some information with Epic in accordance with their own privacy practices. Your privacy settings on the other company’s website or service typically control the specific types of information they can share with Epic, so please be sure to review and update them regularly. Common examples for linked accounts might include your third-party account display name and user ID, as well as associated device information, name, and email address. For participants in our Support-a-Creator program, we may also collect the number of social media account followers you have for program eligibility purposes.
You can also buy, download, or access some Epic Services on or through services operated by third parties. If you do, they may provide us with information to facilitate your access to and use of the Epic Services. This typically includes information like your display name, user ID, and device and region information. For example, you can choose to download and play games like Fortnite on gaming consoles (like PlayStation®, Microsoft Xbox, and Nintendo Switch) through your gaming console account. When you do, the company operating that platform or service may share some information with us, which helps us do things like facilitate your gameplay and track your progression and entitlements.
D. Fraud Prevention & Anti-Cheat
Providing users with a fair, balanced, and competitive experience on the Epic Services is extremely important to us. We strictly enforce prohibitions against cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity on the Epic Services. We use a variety of anti-cheat and fraud prevention technologies to help us identify and prevent malicious activity. These services may collect and analyze data about your computer and the software on your computer to detect cheating and may be provided by Epic or by service providers.
3. HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION?
As a general matter, we use the information we collect (either individually or in combination with other information collected as described in this policy) to help us provide, improve, customize, analyze, and promote the Epic Services.
This includes using it for purposes such as:
• Creating, verifying, and managing user accounts and features;
• Providing the Epic Services, as well as support and assistance for them, including by responding to inquiries, processing transactions or requests, and communicating with users (such as by sending service and account-related messages and updates);
• Developing, delivering, and improving the Epic Services and other offerings, some of which may be offered in partnership with other parties;
• Personalizing your experience, including by presenting content or features better tailored to you or your interests, or our inferences about your interests (for instance, if you frequently play games in a certain genre, we may infer that you’d be interested in that genre and suggest similar games to you);
• Promoting the Epic Services, including managing, customizing, and measuring the effectiveness of our advertisements, promotional offers, surveys, and events;
• Managing alpha, beta, or early access tests (and collecting feedback);
• Conducting data analytics (like analyzing how the Epic Services are used so we can better understand, improve, and personalize them);
• Complying with our legal or contractual obligations and enforcing our terms;
• Securing the Epic Services, such as by detecting fraud and otherwise protecting Epic and other users from illegal or harmful actions; and
• Improving technologies or processes used to accomplish these purposes (like training machine learning models used to help detect or moderate toxic, illegal, or harmful content or conduct and enforce our terms and policies like our
Community Rules
).
We may also process information that does not identify you individually, including aggregate or de-identified information that we create or collect from other sources. This information helps us better understand larger groups of users. If we combine this information with information that identifies you, we will treat it as described in this privacy policy. But please note that this privacy policy does not restrict our ability to process information that does not individually identify you, and we may use and disclose aggregated or de-identified information for any reason permitted by law.
4. HOW DO WE SHARE INFORMATION?
We may share some of the information we collect to help operate and improve the Epic Services. Depending on how you interact with us, common examples might include sharing:
• With console and platform partners (for example, to facilitate gameplay when you access the Epic Services through a third-party console provider);
• With other game developers (such as to enable features for games you acquire through the Epic Games Store);
• With other users (like if you use social features such as chat);
• Publicly (for example, your display name, content you create or share, basic game statistics, and other similar information may be generally accessible to others);
• With service providers that operate on our behalf to help support the Epic Services in accordance with our instructions (for example, cloud storage providers, payment processors, or marketing and advertising partners);
• When we believe we must in order to comply with the law or to protect you, Epic, or others (for example, in response to court order or subpoena, as part of an investigation of fraud or other illegal activity, or violation of our terms or policies, or if necessary to protect others from death or serious harm to body or property);
• With other Epic entities (including to help provide support for the Epic Services internationally);
• In connection with certain types of corporate transactions (like in the event of a restructuring or the sale of all or a significant part of our business);
• With your permission (for example, if you link external accounts with your Epic account, or use your Epic account to sign in to third-party games and services or participate in cross-promotional events); and
• We may also share information that does not identify you with third parties, including aggregate or de-identified information.
No mobile phone numbers provided to Epic for security purposes will be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes.
To the extent that we share your personal information with third parties, we endeavor to ensure these third parties provide the same or substantially similar protections as those that Epic describes in this privacy policy.
Third parties you interact with through Epic Services may have different privacy practices than Epic, so we encourage you to review their privacy policies before sharing your information with them.
5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We are designing the Epic Services to be welcoming to users of all ages around the world. This means that we collect age information from users, and some of our services will provide a different experience based on what we know about the age of a user and where they live. The information below is for parents and guardians to understand our privacy practices with respect to children (under 13 or the age of digital consent in the user’s region, whichever is higher).
When a user indicates that they are a child, they are placed in a “Cabined Account” until they are no longer a child as defined above or until their parent or guardian provides additional privacy permission and enables parental controls. Cabined Accounts can play Epic’s games such as Fortnite and Fall Guys, but features like voice chat and real money purchases are disabled. Epic collects limited personal information from Cabined Accounts to operate them, in each case according to applicable youth privacy and protection laws:
• Date of birth and country to determine age and apply appropriate settings;
• Parent or guardian email address to provide notice and seek consent to additional features (which is deleted if the parent does not respond within 14 days);
• User email address for sign-in (which is only stored in an unreadable hashed and salted form); and
• Persistent identifiers like IP address, gaming platform account IDs, device identifiers, and similar data collected with website tracking technologies to provide and maintain the Epic Services (including analytics to improve them), protect the security and integrity of users, ensure legal and regulatory compliance, and facilitate in-game personalization such as game advancement and avatar choice.
If a user with a Cabined Account contacts us with a question or request, any personal information provided will be deleted after the inquiry is resolved. When we share personal information from Cabined Accounts externally, it is to help us carry out these limited purposes (like sharing with consoles to help run your game or with our cloud storage provider).
Learn more about Cabined Accounts
.
A. Notice, Consent, and Parental Controls
We collect a parent or guardian email address from a child player in order to send the parent or guardian an email notice that the child has created a Cabined Account. This notice also lets them review our privacy practices for non-Cabined Accounts, provide consent to a non-Cabined Account for their child to enable additional features, and set up Parental Controls. Please note that parents/guardians must complete our parent verification process in order to provide consent to a non-Cabined Account.
We use Kids Web Services (KWS), a service offered by our subsidiary Kids Web Services Ltd, for parent/guardian and user age verification purposes. KWS will remember that you have verified your age the next time you use your email address to access other games/services powered by KWS technology, so that you won’t need to verify again. Epic and KWS are jointly responsible for the handling some of your personal information in this context. Learn more about
verifiable parental consent
and KWS in the
KWS Privacy Policy
.
When a parent or guardian gives permission for a non-Cabined Account for their child, Parental Controls are enabled automatically. Parental Controls can then be accessed using a PIN code, let you change choices about particular features made during the permission flow, and further customize your child’s experience.
Learn more about Parental Controls
.
Once a parent has authorized a non-Cabined Account for their child, the privacy practices described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy generally apply, but younger users may not have access to all content or features (because of our default privacy settings, age requirements for certain service and features, and/or Parental Controls in place). Depending on the parental control settings and the user’s age, users may access communications and social features (like chat), and freely interact with most of the Epic Services (including downloading other games from the Epic Games Store). When a user accesses a third-party game or app through the Epic Games Store, some account information is shared with the publisher or developer of that game or app to enable the transaction and product features. You can see the developer and publisher on each product listing before download, or review our
Publisher Index
. Please contact us as described below with any questions about Epic’s data sharing with these third parties. For additional details, please see “What Information Do We Collect?”, “How Do We Use Information?”, and “How Do We Share Information?” above.
B. Child and Parent Privacy Rights
Child users and their parents can exercise their individual privacy rights as described in
Section 6 below
. Parental Controls enable parents and guardians to change the choices they’ve made about their child’s use of specific features like voice chat. Parents and Guardians can also review the child’s personal information held by Epic Games, and delete their child’s Epic account (which deletes the personal information and stops further collection). To exercise these rights or ask any questions about how we handle children’s personal information, please see the “Contact Us” section below, or head straight to our
Parent Support Request form
.
6. YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS
We seek to provide you with meaningful choices about the personal information we collect. The specific choices available to you often vary depending on the exact nature of our relationship with you, such as the Epic Services you use. Common examples include:
• You can request that we provide access to, or that we correct or delete, personal information we’ve collected from you. Please submit requests to access, update, or delete personal information associated with your Epic account by reaching out to us as described in “Contact Us” below. Note that we may ask you for additional information to help us verify who you are before completing your request.
• If applicable, you may also have the option to appeal or otherwise request human review of decisions made by automated means.
• You can change your email marketing preferences at any time, such as by using the opt-out mechanism provided in our marketing emails, updating your Epic account settings, or contacting us with your request (see “Contact Us” below).
• You can change your privacy settings on other parties’ websites (such as social networks) or platforms (like console providers) to limit the information they may share with us.
• You can change your browser or mobile device settings to block, manage, delete, or limit tracking technologies like cookies. In some cases, blocking or disabling cookies may cause the Epic Services not to work as intended and some features may not be available.
• If you’re under the age of 18 and have an Epic account, you can ask that we remove or anonymize certain content you’ve provided on the Epic Services. Please direct requests to help delete or edit content on the Epic Services to Epic as described in “Contact Us” below.
• Parents and guardians can adjust settings for their child’s Epic account using
Parental Controls
.
Some parts of the world provide individuals with specific choices related to their personal information by right under local law.
7. OUR GLOBAL OPERATIONS
Epic Games, Inc. is based in the United States, but we operate globally to help provide users all around the world with a better experience on the Epic Services. We have subsidiaries, offices, service providers, and partners worldwide to support these operations in a number of different ways -- for example, the developer of Fall Guys is a subsidiary called Mediatonic Limited that is based in the United Kingdom. This means that Epic may process the information we collect in connection with your use of the Epic Services in places outside the region where you reside.
A. Data Transfers
When you use the Epic Services, your information may be transferred to or stored in the United States or other countries where we or our service providers operate. The data protection laws and rules in these countries may be different than those where you live. We rely on various legal mechanisms to help lawfully support transfers of information outside the country of collection where appropriate. If permissible under local law, you’re authorizing Epic to process your information in any of the locations where we operate (including the United States) by using the Epic Services.
To learn more about the Epic entity responsible for operating the Epic Services you use, see “Contact Us” below.
B. California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” provides consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, you may have the right to: (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose; (2) request deletion of your personal information; (3) opt out of sale of your personal information (if any); and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
You or your authorized agent may make these requests by contacting us as described in “Contact Us” below. Note that we may ask you for additional information to help us verify who you are before completing your request. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you gave that person authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
We collect the following categories of personal information, as described in the CCPA:
• Identifiers (such as email addresses);
• Demographic information (like ages);
• Commercial information (including entitlements or purchase history);
• Internet or electronic network activity (for example, gameplay or website usage details);
• Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (like voice chat);
• Geolocation information (such as may be derived from your IP address or included in your billing information);
• Other “personal information” as defined under California law (like your credit or debit card information); and
• Inferences drawn from any of these categories (for example, about the genres of games you may prefer to play based on your purchase history).
For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources where we got that information, please see “What Information Do We Collect?” above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “How Do We Use Information?” above.
Epic does not sell or share (as those are defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect. We do, however, disclose personal information as described in this policy (see “How Do We Share Information?” above). In the past 12 months, we have disclosed personal information to the following categories of recipients:
• Business partners (for example, if you request that we share your email address with the developer of a game you purchase on the Epic Games Store);
• Other Epic entities (like to subsidiaries that may help support certain Epic Services);
• Other users (for example, if you use chat or social features on the Epic Services);
• Service providers (as described in “How Do We Share Information?” above);
• Operating systems and platforms; and
• Government entities or other third parties in response to a legal request.
C. Residents Of The European Economic Area, The United Kingdom, And Switzerland
If you’re located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), or Switzerland, you have certain rights regarding how your personal data is processed.
Data Subject Rights
You may have the right to access, correct, or delete personal data we have collected about you through the Epic Services. You may also have the right to a portable copy of the personal data you have provided, and to object to or restrict processing of your personal data, such as for direct marketing. If applicable, you can request human review or contest decisions made by automated means. Where you have provided your consent to our data processing, you have the right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to make a complaint against us by contacting your local supervisory authority for data protection (if one exists in your country). We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you contact a data protection regulator, and ask that you direct your complaint to us first.
Please see the “Contact Us” section below to learn more about reaching out to Epic with any relevant concerns you may have. You can find more details about your local Data Protection Authority as follows:
• EEA:
European Data Protection Authorities
• UK:
Information Commissioner's Office
• Switzerland:
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
Basis for Processing
The legal bases we rely on to process your personal data depend on the Epic Services you use and how you interact with them. They primarily include:
•
Contractual Necessity:
we process personal data to perform the Epic Services you requested under our Terms of Service or other similar contractual agreements with you. For example, we process personal data to set up and maintain your account; process your purchases; authenticate users; provide user-experience features (like saving your preferences); monitor and analyze the Epic Services; detect and prevent fraud, cheating, or other similar misuse; facilitate features like cross-progression that allow you to play a game on one platform and continue your progress on another, which may require us to share your information with third-party partners; and contact you about your account, transactions, or other updates. We also rely on performance of a contract to manage our relationship with you, which includes responding to your support requests or general inquiries, and notifying you about changes to our applicable terms or policies.
•
Legitimate Interests:
we process personal data as needed for Epic’s business purposes, as balanced against the potential impact on your privacy rights. This includes many common purposes that you’d reasonably expect, such as to: communicate with you, respond to your requests, or provide you with updates and information; better understand our users and their preferences; personalize your experience, save your preferences, authenticate our users, and provide similar user experience features; develop, deliver, and improve the Epic Services and other offerings (some of which may be offered in partnership with other parties); manage and customize advertisements or promotional offers; manage (in-game) purchases; secure and protect the Epic Services; supporting auditing, data analysis, and other legitimate business operations; prevent or moderate fraudulent, toxic, harmful, or illegal content or conduct that breaches our terms. To support these business purposes, we may build, improve, and use machine learning technologies to help identify harmful, toxic, or fraudulent content in our services. The content identified by these technologies may be subject to human review. Otherwise, if applicable, you may have the ability to request human review of automated decisions.
•
Legal Obligations:
we process personal data when necessary to comply with legal obligations, such as responding to legitimate requests from law enforcement authorities or other government officials in accordance with relevant legal processes; to identify or moderate illegal content or conduct on the Epic Services; or processing date of birth to facilitate compliance with applicable youth protection laws.
•
Consent:
we process personal data when you provide us with your consent to do so. You aren’t required to provide consent if you do not want your personal data to be processed for the requested purposes, and you may withdraw your consent at any time.
8. RETENTION
Because the specific personal information we process and our reasons for doing so often vary depending on how you use the Epic Services, how long we retain it can also vary. We generally store personal information for as long as we reasonably need it for the purposes described in this policy (like complying with our legal obligations, managing internal records, enforcing our terms, and resolving disputes), unless a long retention period is required or permitted by law.
The main criteria we consider in determining specific retention periods often include minimum requirements under applicable law, relevant industry standards, the types of data in question (such as its level of sensitivity), relevance to potential litigation or similar proceedings (like defending ourselves against legal claims), and whether the data is required to prevent fraud or similar abuse of the Epic Services (including to enforce prohibitions against cheating and other unauthorized behavior). For example, if you create an Epic account, we will generally store the personal information associated with your Epic account for as long as needed to maintain your account, provide the Epic Services you requested, enforce any terms that apply and govern your use of the Epic Services, and maintain appropriate records to reflect how we deliver the Epic Services to you.
To learn more about requesting that Epic delete your personal data, please see “Your Choices and Controls” and “Data Subject Rights” above.
9. SECURITY
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use and other unlawful forms of processing. In some cases, your information is accessible when you log into a feature we offer, and in those cases you need to keep your user credentials and password confidential and secure so that your information is protected. If we become aware of unauthorized disclosure of your personal information, we will notify you as required by law and take steps to help secure your information.
10. UPDATES
We’ll update this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or relevant laws. When we do, we’ll change the date noted at the top of the policy. In some cases, we may also notify you of the relevant changes by email or within the Epic Services. Please review this policy regularly to make sure that you understand your relationship with Epic and the ways we may collect, use, and share information in connection with the Epic Services.
11. CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about the Epic Services (such as game-related issues, trouble accessing your Epic account, bugs or other technical problems, payment matters, or content and entitlement issues), please contact our Player Support teams. You can learn more about submitting support requests for products and services from:
•
Epic Games
(like Fortnite)
•
Psyonix
(such as Rocket League)
•
Life on Air
(Postparty)
•
Mediatonic
(including Fall Guys)
If you want to learn more about our privacy practices or this policy, please email your questions to
privacy@support.epicgames.com
,
dpo@support.epicgames.com
, or the appropriate contact information listed below for the entity responsible for providing the relevant Epic Services in your region. You can also contact us via postal mail (marked “Attn: Legal Department”) to Epic Games, Inc., located at 620 Crossroads Blvd., Cary, NC 27518, USA.
If you live outside of the United States, please see the additional contact information below related to the products or services you are using:
If you are using the Epic Games Store:
• Data Controller: Epic Games, Inc.
• Address: 620 Crossroads Blvd., Cary, NC 27518, USA
• Data Protection Officer:
dpo@support.epicgames.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using any games provided by Epic Games, such as Fortnite, that link to this privacy policy:
• Data Controller: Epic Games Entertainment International GmbH
• Address: Platz 10, 6039 Root D4, Switzerland
• Data Protection Officer:
dpo@support.epicgames.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using any other products or services provided by Epic Games, such as Unreal Engine, that link to this privacy policy:
• Data Controller: Epic Games Commerce GmbH
• Address: Platz 10, 6039 Root D4, Switzerland
• Data Protection Officer:
dpo@support.epicgames.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using products or services provided by Mediatonic, such as Fall Guys, that link to this privacy policy:
• Data Controller: Mediatonic Limited
• Address: Octagon Point, 5 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6AA, United Kingdom
• Contact: privacy
@support.epicgames.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using products or services provided by Psyonix, such as Rocket League, that link to this privacy policy:
• Data Controller: Psyonix LLC
• Address: 401 A St. #4200, San Diego, CA 92101, USA
• Contact: privacy
@support.epicgames.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using KWS services provided by Kids Web Services Ltd:
• Data Controller: Kids Web Services Ltd as a joint controller with Epic
• Address: Octagon Point, 5 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6AA, United Kingdom
• Contact: privacy@kidswebservices.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using products or services provided by Life on Air, such as Postparty, that link to this privacy policy:
• Data Controller: Life on Air, Inc.
• Address: 620 Crossroads Blvd., Cary, NC 27518, USA
• DPO: privacy@support.epicgames.com
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
If you are using products or services provided by Aquiris, such as Horizon Chase 2, that link to this privacy policy:
• Data Controller: Aquiris Games Studio LLC
• Address: c/o IBCPA, 20801 Biscayne Blvd, Ste 403, Office 415, Aventura, Florida, 33180, USA
• Data Protection Officer:
dpo@aquiris.com.br
.
• EU/UK Representative: Mishcon de Reya (
representative@mishcon.com
)
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Back
Vendor Search
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
33Across
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
33Across
View Privacy Notice
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Cookie Policy
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and personalize content.
Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.kidswebservices.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Kids Web Services
If you are an employee, contractor or authorised user of one of our Partner companies, please click
here
.
Last updated: 15 November 2024
Introduction
What is KWS?
Parent Verification
Age Verification
The AgeGraph
Parent Consent Management
Age Gate
Kid Account Management
Personal information we collect
Adults
Children
Why we collect your personal information and our legal basis for processing
Reasons we share your personal information
Keeping your information secure
Your rights and access to your personal information
How to exercise your rights
Our retention of personal information
International transfer of personal information
Cookies
Location-specific rules
United States
California residents
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to Kids Web Services (KWS). We are committed to protecting your privacy and the privacy of children online. Our mission is to make the internet safer by building technology that enables companies to responsibly interact with their audiences.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store and process your personal information when you interact with our age verification and parent consent management platform known as Kids Web Services (KWS), including our websites.
We also explain how you can exercise your rights relating to your personal information, including the right to object to certain types of processing we carry out. When we say ‘personal information’, we not only mean information that can identify you, such as your name, email or address, but also any information that could reasonably be linked back to you.
We’ve provided summaries to help you identify key information at a glance. Click on the ‘
Learn more
’ links for more information.
The legal entity responsible for the information that we collect through KWS is Kids Web Services Ltd (
we
/
us
). Kids Web Services Ltd belongs to the
Epic Games family
of companies. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please see the
Contact Us
section at the bottom.
Back to top
What is KWS?
KWS is an age verification and parent consent management platform.
It’s used by:
Adults (you)
to verify that you are an adult and/or manage what personal information your child can share online.
Operators of apps, games and other digital services (Apps), whom we call our Partners
as follows: (i) if you are an end-user of their Apps, to verify that you are an adult; or (ii) if you are a parent or guardian of a child end-user of their Apps, to verify that you are an adult and to obtain your consent before they process certain personal information of your child (required by privacy laws in certain countries).
We provide different types of services to you and our Partners. We’ve explained this below.
Parent Verification
The Parent Verification service enables our Partners to verify that the parents or guardians of their child end-users are adults (
Parent Verification
).
Where the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
) applies, we are a joint controller with our Partner of personal information processed as part of the Parent Verification service we provide to that Partner. This means we and our Partner are jointly responsible for how your personal information is used for the Parent Verification service. You can see how we’ve allocated responsibility between us and our Partner for complying with data protection law in our
Joint Processing Arrangement
.
Age Verification
The Age Verification service enables our Partners to verify that their end-users are adults (
Age Verification
).
Where the GDPR applies, we are a joint controller with our Partner of personal information processed as part of the Age Verification service we provide to that Partner. This means we and our Partner are jointly responsible for how your personal information is used for the Age Verification service. You can see how we’ve allocated responsibility between us and our Partner for complying with data protection law in our
Joint Processing Arrangement
.
Back to top
The AgeGraph
Once you have successfully verified that you are an adult through our Parent Verification or Age Verification service, we will store your verified status alongside your hashed email address. Then, you can use your email address to: (i)  manage your child’s permissions for the same and other Partner Apps which use our Parent Verification service, or (ii) access other Partner Apps which use our Age Verification service. This is so that you won’t need to provide your
Verification information
again.
If you have successfully verified that you are an adult through our Parent Verification service, you won’t need to provide your
Verification information
again when accessing an app, game, or service using our Age Verification service, and vice versa.
We call this network of verified individuals
the
AgeGraph
. We are solely responsible for how personal information is used for the AgeGraph.
How to opt-out of the AgeGraph
The AgeGraph eliminates the need to collect
Verification information
more than once, minimising personal information collection and providing a safer service to you and our Partners.
You can, however, always choose to be removed from the AgeGraph by emailing
privacy@kidswebservices.com
.
Learn more
Parent Consent Management
The Parent Consent Management service enables our Partners to obtain your permission for the Partner’s processing of your child’s personal information in their Apps. It also enables you to manage the personal information your child can share online for each Partner App via your designated Parent Portal.
We are responsible for how your personal information is used for Parent Consent Management services.
Back to top
Age Gate
The Age Gate service enables our Partners to identify the country in which an end-user’s device is located and whether they are over/under the applicable age of digital consent in their country (i.e. the age below which permission from a child user’s parent/guardian is required for certain processing of the child user’s personal information) or other age specified by the Partner. Where the GDPR applies, our Partners act as a controller for personal information processed as part of the Age Gate services. This means our Partner is responsible under data protection laws for how your personal information is used and you should read the Partner’s privacy policy to understand how the Partner uses your personal information for these services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the Partner.
Back to top
Kid Account Management
On occasions, we also provide account management services for our Partner’s end-users who are children, which we call Kid Account Management services. Where the GDPR applies, our Partners act as a controller for personal information processed as part of the Kid Account Management services. This means our Partner is responsible under data protection laws for how your personal information is used and you should read the Partner’s privacy policy to understand how the Partner uses your personal information for these services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the Partner. Please read the Partner’s privacy policy for more information on how they handle your personal information.
Back to top
Personal information we collect
We collect information from you directly and through your interactions with KWS. We also receive information about you from our Partners when you or your child interact with their Apps. The information we collect and receive can include:
Account information.
Your email address, which you give to us directly or which you or your child gives to a Partner who then shares it with us. When you interact with
Parent Consent Management
services, we also assign you a unique ID number that we use to recognise you when communicating with that Partner.
Verification information.
Information you provide when you respond to a request from, or by us on behalf of, a Partner to verify your age, as well as your email address. The information you will be asked to provide depends on the country in which you are located and will include some, but never all, of the following information: your name, date of birth, mailing address, credit or debit card information, a personal identity number (such as a CPF number in Brazil, a CURP number in Mexico and certain digits of a US social security number in the US), an identity document or face scan.
Device and usage information.
When you interact with KWS, we automatically collect information about your devices (computers, phones, tablets etc.) and your use of and interactions with KWS, including in order to identify your country and language.  We do this using cookies, server logs, web beacons, or similar technologies.
Device information
includes data about the operating systems and hardware and software versions, device identifiers, internet protocol (IP) address, login data, browser type and version, time zone setting, country and language, browser plug-in types and versions.
Usage information
includes site navigation, the KWS features you use, the actions you take, the time, frequency and duration of your activities, data about the performance of KWS and any problems you experience, including error reports, each of which are used for the purpose of evaluating the performance of KWS and detecting errors.
Customer support information.
Information you give us when you contact us for help, such as your name, the content of your chats and other communications with us. When you contact us for customer support, chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
The information we collect relating to your child includes the following:
Age information.
The child’s age or date of birth. This information may be collected directly from the child and/or from you.
Unique ID.
A unique user ID for the child, which we link to you.
Permissions.
The permissions you granted for the child’s access to features of our Partners’ Apps.
Preferences
. Your child’s preferred level of access to features of our Partners’ Apps, subject to your Permissions.
Country and Language.
The child’s country (and in the US, State) and language.
How do we safeguard children’s privacy?
We are a valid licensee and participating member of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program (
ESRB Privacy Certified
), an FTC-approved COPPA Safe Harbor Program. To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. As a licensee in this privacy certification program, we are subject to audits of our services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by
ESRB Privacy Certified
. The technology behind our consolidated Parent Consent Management and Parent Verification solution has been reviewed and certified by
ESRB Privacy Certified
. When implemented correctly by our Partners, these technologies facilitate compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (
COPPA
).
Kids Web Services (KWS) is certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program when implemented with KWS’ default templates. To learn more, click
here
or go to www.kidsafeseal.com.
Back to top
Why we collect your personal information and our legal basis for processing
We use the information we collect only when we have a valid reason and legal basis to do so. We determine the legal bases based on the purposes for which we collect your information.
The legal bases we rely on may include the following:
to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract we have entered into, or which we are about to enter;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests provided that your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests;
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or to protect your vital interests;
where we ask for your consent to process your information for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share your personal information
We do not share your personal information with others except as described in this Privacy Policy (like to provide, maintain and secure KWS, or if we’re required to do so by law). We do not sell any of your information to anyone.
We share your information as follows:
Service providers.
As with most companies, we use third parties to help us provide KWS, such as IT and hosting providers or payment card processors. For example, we share
Verification information
with payment card processors we use to verify your age. Some of these providers may process your personal information on our behalf, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. These providers are subject to contractual obligations governing privacy, data security and confidentiality. We maintain a current list of the service providers that we use
here
. We also share personal information in some cases with our professional advisers and other service providers who are sometimes independent ‘data controllers’, such as lawyers, accountants and insurers (e.g. when enforcing our contract with you or in the event of claims against us).
Partners.
If you or your child uses a Partner App, we share your personal information with our Partners to deliver the services which you have requested from either us or our Partners. For example, if you verify your age through KWS, we communicate your
verified status
to the Partner to enable the Partner to proceed with obtaining your permissions (whether using Parent Consent Management or otherwise) for their collection of your child’s personal information, or giving you access to their App or age-restricted features of their App. If your child is an end-user of a Partner, we may communicate their
Age information
to the Partner in order to notify the Partner that your child has reached an age where they no longer require your consent to the collection of their personal information. We also provide Partners with updates to your child’s
Preferences
and the
Permissions
you give your child through the Parent Portal.
Other companies within our group.
We may share your information with our
Epic Games family
of companies, including companies that we may acquire in the future, but only to the extent necessary to fulfil purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise as authorised by you. For example, our group companies assist us in the provision of customer support to our Partners.
Other legal or regulatory process.
We may share your personal information if we believe it is reasonably necessary:
where required by law;
to comply with legal processes;
to permit us to pursue available remedies, including commencing or responding to any claims;
to enforce or apply our terms;
to protect the security or integrity of our services;
to protect the rights, property, interests or safety of KWS, our employees, customers or users; or
for risk management purposes.
The categories of information we disclose and our legal basis for doing so depends on the circumstances, but generally it is to comply with legal obligations, to protect vital interests or act in our legitimate interest to provide a secure and safe service and preventing fraud and unauthorised use of our products and services, violations of our terms and policies or other harmful or illegal activity, and in protecting our and others’ rights, property and interests, and responding to legal requests from governmental and law enforcement agencies.
If we are acquired.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we may share your personal information with the acquiring or receiving entity. The categories of information we disclose and our legal basis for doing so depends on the circumstances, but would include our legitimate interest in operating, selling and expanding our business, including through such transactions. If a change happens to our business, the new owners may only process your personal information in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
A note about aggregated data.
We may derive aggregated data from your personal information and we may share this information in aggregated form with our Partners as part of our services. For example, we may aggregate
Usage information
to calculate the percentage of parents/guardians who provide verifiable parental consent to their child accessing a certain feature of one of our Partner’s games.  However, because this data has been through a process to de-identify personal information so that it can no longer be associated in the Partner’s hands with a person, the aggregated data cannot directly or indirectly reveal your identity to the Partner.
Back to top
Keeping your information secure
We value your trust and maintain a comprehensive information security program designed to protect personal information using administrative, physical, and technical safeguards.
The specific security measures used are based on the sensitivity of the personal information collected. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we have measures in place designed to protect against inappropriate access, loss, misuse, or alteration of personal information under our control. For example:
Our security team regularly reviews our security and privacy practices and enhances them as necessary to help protect the integrity of our systems and your personal information.
We work to limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties strictly on a “need to know” basis.
We use secure server software to encrypt personal information, and we only partner with security companies that meet and commit to our security standards.
Third party websites, services and apps
Some of the correspondence you receive from us may contain links to third-party websites, online services or mobile applications that are not affiliated to or operated by us, including those of our Partners. We are not responsible and accept no liability for the content, security or privacy practices of those other operators.
Back to top
Your rights and access to your personal information
We provide you with rights and choices about the personal information we collect and hold about you. The specific choices available to you may vary depending on your location and applicable law.
Right of access:
You have a right to request access to your personal information and to be provided with a copy of your personal information, including the categories of your personal information we collect and disclose.
Right of deletion:
You have the right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law. See
How to exercise your rights
for information on how to delete your personal information.
Right of correction:
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate information about you, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Right to object (legitimate interest):
Where we process your personal information based on legitimate interests, you can object to this processing where you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or where it is needed for legal reasons, we will cease processing your information when you object.
Right to object (marketing):
We do not send marketing communications from KWS to our end-users or end-users of our Partners.
Right to transfer:
You may have the right to receive certain of your information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such information to a third party.
Right to restrict processing:
You have the right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict the processing of your information by us, provided there are valid grounds for doing so.
Right to withdraw consent:
Where you have previously provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent as the legal basis upon which to process your personal information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to complain:
If you are concerned that we have not complied with your legal rights or applicable privacy laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with our supervisory authority, the UK Information Commissioner (www.ico.gov.uk), which is the regulator responsible for data protection in the United Kingdom. You can also lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
Rights relating to your child’s personal information:
As a parent/guardian, you may have certain rights over how we handle the personal information of your child. This includes a right for you to review, access, or delete the personal information that has been collected by us (in our capacity as a controller) from that child, and to refuse at any time to permit the collection from that child of such personal information. If you withdraw your consent, your child may lose access to certain apps, games or other digital services. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Back to top
How to exercise your rights
If you want to exercise any of your rights and are not able to do so by following the instructions in our
Account Management FAQs
, you can email us at
privacy@kidswebservices.com
at any time.
Before we process such requests, we may ask you to verify your identity (like by logging-in to your account or providing us with certain information) if warranted for a particular disclosure. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. No payment is usually required to exercise your rights. However, we may request payment where allowed by law (for example, if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive).
If you are a California resident, refer to the
California residents
section below for more information on your legal rights.
Back to top
Our retention of personal information
You can delete some personal information whenever you like by contacting us at
privacy@kidswebservices.com
.
Otherwise, we retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements or protecting our rights.
Retention periods vary significantly depending on the different data types, the purposes for which they were collected and the context of our interactions with you. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider:
the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data;
the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of the data;
the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means;
applicable legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements.
We require any third party service providers we use to delete personal information once it is no longer necessary for them to provide the services or to satisfy any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements.
Where our Partners act as controllers when processing you or your child’s personal information (i.e. Age Gate services and Kid Account Management services), please refer to their privacy policies or contact the Partner directly for information on how long they retain your personal information.
Back to top
International transfer of personal information
We transfer your personal information in the following ways:
As we explain
above
, we share your personal information within our group of companies. Our group companies are located in the United States and other countries outside the UK, Switzerland and EEA.
As we explain
above
, we use third party service providers to help us provide KWS, such as hosting providers or payment card processors. Some of these providers, including their servers, are based outside the UK, Switzerland and EEA.
As we explain
above
, we also provide your information to Partners. Some of these Partners are based outside the UK, Switzerland and EEA.
Countries where we and our service providers and Partners operate may not offer the same level of data protection as your home country. We use specific contracting frameworks approved by the UK Government and European Commission which are designed to give personal information protection essentially equivalent to that in the UK and EEA. We may also need to transfer your information to provide KWS to you in accordance with our existing agreements with you, such as the
KWS Terms of Use
.
Back to top
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. We and other organisations use necessary cookies to make KWS work. We may also set analytics cookies that help us make improvements by measuring how you use KWS. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of KWS may not then work.
This table
explains the cookies we use and why.
Do Not Track
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. There is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals.  For more information on “Do Not Track,” click
here
.
Back to top
Location-specific rules
Depending on where you are resident, specific rules apply.
United States
If you are a resident of the United States and believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or it has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB Privacy Certified at
privacy@esrb.org
or by using their online contact form
here
.
California residents
This additional section applies to California residents because of the specific privacy laws in that state. It explains the additional rights and details required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, and its implementing regulations (
CCPA
). For the purposes of this section,
Personal Information
,
Sell
,
Share
and
Business
have the meanings given to them under the CCPA.
Learn more
Nevada residents
Nevada residents have the right to direct a business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected about them. We do not sell personal information. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to submit a request relating to this right, please email us at
privacy@kidswebservices.com
.
Back to top
Contact us
We work hard to ensure that the processing of your personal information is carried out fairly and lawfully. If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, need information or require assistance, please contact us at:
Attn: Privacy Counsel
Kids Web Services Ltd, Octagon Point, 5 Cheapside, London EC2V 6AA, United Kingdom
Email:
privacy@kidswebservices.com
If you are located inside the European Economic Area (EEA), you can alternatively contact our representative in the EEA at:
Attn: KWS GDPR Representative
Mishcon de Reya Representative Services (Europe) Limited, 2nd Floor, 1-2 Victoria Buildings, Haddington Road, Dublin 4, D04 XN32, Ireland
Email:
representative@mishcon.com
If you are located in the US, you can also call us on: (919) 447-4560.
Back to top
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will update the ‘Last updated’ date on this Privacy Policy. In some cases, such as when we make material or substantive changes to our policies and practices, we will also notify you of the relevant changes by email or within the KWS services as appropriate.
If you object to any changes, you may delete your personal information as described in
How to exercise your rights
.
Back to top
We use cookies to provide website content and functionality, to analyse our traffic, and provide social media sharing of our blogs.  Our cookie policy provides more information about our use of cookies and how you can change your settings.
View our Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel