Home
Privacy
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
GDPR
Privacy
Payment
Cancellations
Refund
Promotions
Price Match Offer
Gift Cards
User Generated Content
Ready 4 Work T&Cs
PRIVACY
This Privacy Statement is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect from our beloved customers,
        how we may use that information, the conditions under which we may share it with third
        parties (law enforcement agencies etc.) and steps we take to protect it.
Privacy Statement
We do not require you to provide, nor do we collect, any personal information if you are only browsing the website.
        In order to provide you with more advanced features, services and functionality,
        Splento may require that you first provide certain personal information,
        which we determine is reasonably necessary in order for us to fulfil your request.
If you indicate an interest in participating in a Service, we will identify what specific personal
        information you must provide prior to collecting such information.
        You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to utilize certain
        Services, incentives, or take advantage of certain features of our Service.
In certain instances, Splento may request that you provide secondary information (e.g., demographic information),
        which we may use to, for example, learn more about our customers and to develop and improve our services.
        Any requests for secondary information will be marked “optional” (or its equivalent).
We may compile your personal information with that collected from other customers and visitors to create aggregate data.
        We may produce research reports for participating merchants and other customers, as well as media and other interested parties.
        Such information and data is based upon aggregated, ANONYMOUS information about individual,
        as well as corporate customers, and does not include personally identifiable information about these customers.
Personal Information
Your privacy is of the utmost importance to Splento. Seriously! You are free to
        browse Splento.com anonymously. If you wish to contact us or submit feedback, you
        are welcome to remain anonymous or disclose your personal information. We aim to
        protect the quality and honesty of any personal/identifiable information you do
        provide us.
Our servers collect users’ information regarding what screens and web-pages are
        visited, the date and time of the visits, how long it took a user to download a
        page/image. These automated servers’ functions are not intended to collect
        information in order to identify your personal information, nor do we use this
        information for any such purpose. This information is collected to assist us in
        maintaining a high quality game, as well as providing necessary traffic information
        to our advertisers. These automated server functions do not collect any personal
        information such as name, address, phone number, birthdate, etc.
Cookies/Automatically Gathered Information
Where applicable the app and web-site site use cookies to obtain certain types of
        non-personal information when your Web browser accesses Splento.com and
        participating third parties. The main purpose of these cookies is to speed up your
        access to Splento.com and make it easier for you to access it. Third-party
        advertising companies in conjunction with Splento.com can separately place or
        recognize a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements
        to the Site. These companies may use non-personal information collected by the
        cookies about your visits to the Site and other web sites in order to provide you
        with advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All copyrighted material on the Site: graphics, editorial edits, images and any other
        related copyright materials are protected by copyright law, and are owned by
        Splento. Reproduction of the app or Site, in whole or in part, or in any form or
        medium, without the prior express written permission of Splento is prohibited. Any
        online re-use of the app or site’s copyright materials is strictly prohibited.
The materials from the Site are only available for personal and non-commercial use,
        provided that: the materials are not modified in any way; all copyright and other
        proprietary notices and markings are retained and reproduced in their entirety on
        any copy made from any material in the App or on the Site; and Splento has, in its
        sole discretion, given its prior written approval to such use of the App’s and
        Site’s materials, unless otherwise stated. Any requests to re-use the Site’s
        materials should be sent to:
support@splento.com
Splento and Splento logo are trademarks and registered property of Splento LTD. Any
        other product names, marks, symbols, trade names, company names and/or logos which
        appear within the App or Site are the property of their respective owners and appear
        through the courtesy of, and/or a licence from such owners. Abovementioned
        trademarks are protected by laws of their respective countries including laws on
        trademark and unfair competition, and may also be protected by the laws in other
        countries.
Any unauthorized use of the App’s or Site’s materials and contents, the Splento
        trademarks, and/or the marks belonging to any other party that appear on the Site,
        may violate copyright law, trademark law, and unfair competition laws, among others,
        in the European Union, as well as may violate the laws in other countries, and may
        be subject to criminal and civil proceedings.
Business Relationships
Splento App and website may contain links to other Web sites. Splento cannot take the
        responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Mailing List
If you express a wish to join our mailing list, we will keep your e-mail address and
        any demographics information you disclose strictly confidential. We will never
        distribute or sell your e-mail address or any information about you to any third
        party.