Privacy Policy & Data Usage
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of
www.YogaBody.com
visitors and customers. For that reason, we fulfill all data protection requirements applied under new GDPR regulation (EU) 2016/679 about the processing of personal data and the free circulation of these data.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of www.YogaBody.com; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3 By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1.4 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications or limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy controls via
www.yogabody.com/mydata
.
1.5 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to data controller, Lucas Rockwood, and company
YOGABODY Naturals LLC
. For more information about us, see Section 13.
2. Credit
2.1 This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal
3. How we use your personal data
3.1 In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d) the legal bases of the processing.
3.2 We may process usage data for web visitors and customers. The usage data may include: your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is:
Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Facebook Advertising, Ultracart, and Infusionsoft CRM
. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is either with explicit consent from users or our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3 We may process your account data (“account data”). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is from you explicitly consenting to use when you provide this data. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent or our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.5 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data”). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent during submission.
3.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data”). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent when enquiring.
3.8 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“
transaction data
“). The transaction data may include your contact details, your credit card or bank details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.9 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications, browser notification, and/or newsletters (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent via optin.
3.10 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
3.11 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set outlined in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.12 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
4. Providing your personal data to others
4.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies, this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3 We may disclose your contact details to our shipping partners insofar as reasonably necessary for order processing, shipping, and tracking.
4.4 Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers,
Paypal, Stripe and/or PaySafe
. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at
Paypal Policy, Stripe Policy, PaySafe Policy
.
4.6 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5. International transfers of your personal data
5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to other countries outside the United States and the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2 We and our other group companies have offices and facilities in the United States and Spain. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from
this site
.
5.3 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United States. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely [the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain from
this site
.
5.4 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit explicitly for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6. Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a) Personal data category or categories will be retained for a minimum period of 30 days following, and for a maximum period of 5 years.
6.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a) The period of retention of your data will be determined based on your email subscription preferences, your engagement with our email newsletters including opening and clicking, and your purchases.
6.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7. Amendments
7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
8. Your rights
8.1 In this Section 8, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
8.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by submitting a request here
www.YogaBody.com/mydata
.
8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
8.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
8.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
9. About cookies
9.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10. Cookies that we use
10.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) Authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website. Cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, Facebook Marketing, Google Adwords.
(c) Personalization – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you. Cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, Facebook Marketing, Snapchat, Google Adwords.
(d) Security – we use cookies [as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally][ (cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics.
(e) Advertising – we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you. Cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, Facebook Marketing, Snapchat, Google Adwords.
(f) Analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services. Cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, Facebook Marketing, Snapchat, Google Adwords.
(g) Cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics.
11. Cookies used by our service providers
11.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
11.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
/.
Google Analytics cookies:
(a) _ga – 2 years expiration time – Used to distinguish users
(b) _gid – 24 hours expiration time – Used to distinguish users
(c) _gat – 1 minute expiration time – Used to throttle request rate
(d) AMP_TOKEN – 30 seconds to 1 year expiration time – Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service
(e) _gac_ – 90 days expiration time – Contains campaign related information. When Google Analytics and AdWords accounts are linked, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out
(f) __utma – 2 years from set/update – Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
(g) __utmt – 10 minutes – Used to throttle request rate
(h) __utmb – 30 mins from set/update – Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics
(i) __utmc – End of browser session – Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit
(j) __utmz – 6 months from set/update – Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics
(k) __utmv – 2 years from set/update – sed to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics
11.3 Advertising-related cookies. We use Facebook Marketing, Google Adwords, and Snapchat cookies. The information fathered relates to your website interests and use and allows us to advertise in a more customized way to you on those platforms and their advertising partners. Privacy policies can be found at:
Facebook
,
Google
,
Snapchat
Google AdWords cookies:
(a) NID, SID – help customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search
(b) __gads, __gac – serve purposes such as measuring interactions with the ads on the domain and preventing the same ads from being shown to you too many times
Youtube cookies:
(c) VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, PREF – An embedded Youtube video collects visitor information and custom preferences
Facebook cookies:
(a) datr, lu – 2 years expiration time – enable the login on the website through the Facebook account
(b) fr – 1 month expiration time – show the button “I like it” and show the number of followers. For more information about the use of these cookies you can consult the cookies policy of Facebook
11.4 We use UltraCart for the purpose of creating an online store. It allows us to manage your orders and shipping processes and implement our own affiliate marketing program. UltraCart allows our customers to store their information, view previous orders, and write product reviews
UltraCart cookies:
(a) _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows ULTRACART to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc)
(b) _ULTRACART_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
(c) _ULTRACART_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
(d) _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
12. Managing cookies
12.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
(c)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
12.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13. Our details
13.1 This website is owned and operated by
YOGABODY Naturals LLC
.
13.2 We are registered in Wyoming, USA, and our registered office is
at 30 N Gould St STE 20010, Sheridan, Wyoming 82801
.
13.3 Our principal place of business is
at Torrent de l’Olla 203, Barcelona, Spain 08012
.
13.4 You can contact us:
(a) By post, to
30 N Gould St STE 20010, Sheridan, Wyoming 82801
(b) By our online contact form: www.yogabody.com/contact-us
(c) By telephone: +1.310.294.3550
(d) By email: support [at] yogabody.com
14. Data protection officer
14.1 Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Lucas Rockwood, 310.294.3550, support [at] yogabody.com. 30 N Gould St STE 20010, Sheridan, Wyoming 82801
Questions About Your Data?
Submit a request HERE