Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by
miT
Labs through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
What types of information are collected?
We distinguish between two types of information: personal and non-personal information.
Personal Information
Personal data is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual. We collect no personal information about you or your children through our apps.
Non-personal information
“non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information.
We collect and use non-personal information (“Analytical Data”) during the use of our apps.
miT
Labs may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable
miT
Labs  to identify you. The types of non-personal data
miT
Labs may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to unique device identifier or other device identifier (“UDID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and location; (v) game score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by
miT
Labs to enhance the Services and other
miT
Labs products and services.
miT
Labs may use and disclose to
miT
Labs’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other
miT
Labs services and products.
This helps us to gain a better understanding of our users, to draw conclusions for future concepts, and, ultimately, to develop better apps.
Children’s privacy
Our products respect the privacy of children. We don’t collect personal Information from children with our mobile applications.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
In the event that a user identifies himself/herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or feedback, we will not collect, store or use and will delete in a secure manner any personal information of such a user.
Support
Our users can send us an email if they need support or help with any of our products. If you submit a support request, we will receive your email address and possibly other personal and non-personal information that you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
Information sharing and disclosure
We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
Personal Information Sharing
We do not share or distribute any information or documents about individual users with any third party.
Cookies
When you visit our website, occasionally we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links to third party sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from our website (we don’t allow links within our mobile applications). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. As a result, we encourage you to review this privacy statement periodically to track changes.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it