Privacy Policy
Last updated:
19.05.2022 r.
Your personal data Administrator is:
Diet and Wellness sp. z o.o., a limited liability company with its registered office in Warsaw, at ul. Baletowa 30, 02-867 Warszawa, entered in the Register of Entrepreneurs kept by the National Court Register under the number KRS 0000440420, NIP (Tax Identification Number) 5252544624 and REGON (National Business Registry Number) 146412710;
Why is your personal data processed:
We process your personal data only in the scope that is absolutely necessary for the purpose of exercising our rights and fulfilling our obligations under ELL-EVATE service agreement, and for marketing purposes.
Moreover, Diet and Wellness may process your personal data  to pursue any claims that may arise or of protecting the legitimate interest of the Administrator.
If you have given your consent for processing personal data pertaining to marketing purposes as well, Diet and Wellness processes your personal data for that purpose, i.e. the data is used to send you marketing information and information about products and services.
The legal basis to process your personal data is:
the agreement for ELL-EVATE electronic services; as far as processing your personal data for marketing purposes is concerned, the legal basis is your respective consent. Please be informed that said consent can be revoked at any time. If such consent is revoked, this will have no effect on the validity of the processing effected before the consent is revoked.
The legal basis for processing your personal data for the purposes related to our effort of providing possibly best quality of our services is vested in the legitimate purpose of the Administrator.
Information on categories of personal data recipients:
Your personal data may be disclosed or made available solely to:
employees and associates of Diet and Wellness who have been authorised to process personal data as part of their employment-related duties,
entities which act as intermediaries in using our services based on your instructions,
providers of technical and organisational services for Diet and Wellness, in the scope necessary to render these services, however only in the scope of authorisations and entrustments, in particular: providers and other entities specialising in providing technical maintenance of telecommunication systems, accounting companies providing accounting services, law firms providing legal consulting and representation services, transport companies, et cetera;
other entities entitled by law.
Transmitting personal data to third countries or international organisations:
Diet and Wellness does not transfer your personal data to any recipients outside the European Economic Area (i.e. European Union plus Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein).
How long will your personal data be stored:
Diet and Wellness will be processing your personal data within the scope necessary to provide the services chosen by you, in keeping with the terms and conditions of the agreement, and will store your personal data until the expiry of any civil legal claims.
The personal data obtained under the marketing purposes consent will be processed until the expiry of the marketing purposes consent.
You are entitled to:
file an application (concerning personal data) for:
correction/modification of personal data,
limitation in the processing of the data,
relocation of the data to another administrator,
deletion of your data.
You can use the above rights by filing the application by email to the following address:  personaldata@ell-evate.com.
Please provide your credentials when contacting us to confirm you are the person entitled to file the application.
Automated decision-making:
Your data will not be subject to any automated decision-making. Your personal data will not be used for profiling purposes without your prior explicit consent.
Complaints related to processing your personal data:
You can file a complaint to the President of the Personal Data Protection Office if you believe that your personal data is processed in an illegal manner.
Privacy Policy - Cookie Files
By using ELL-EVATE you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy regarding cookie files. If you do not agree to our cookie files policy, you should appropriately modify the internet browser settings or restrain from using ELL-EVATE.
Cookie files (or cookies) are downloaded and then stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone when surfing the Internet. Such cookie file usually contains the name of the website it originates from, its expiry date (i.e. how long it will exist), and a randomly generated unique number used to identify the browser used to use the Internet.
ELL-EVATE may use two types of cookies: session and persistent. The former will remain on your device only for as long as you use ELL-EVATE. The latter will be kept on your device for as long as they are designed to or until you remove them.
ELL-EVATE uses different types of cookies, mostly those which are necessary to ensure that the website www.ell-evate.com operates correctly, such that track user activities when you browse www.ell-evate.com and such that enable us to adjust the content of adverts displayed to the needs of a particular user.
Most internet browsers are by default set to accept cookies. You can change your browser’s settings to block cookies: either all or just some of them, e.g. from third parties. You can also choose to be informed whenever a cookie file is sent to your device. Do remember, however, that if you block our cookies, this may affect the functionality of ELL-EVATE: it may be impossible for you to visit some parts of ELL-EVATE, or receive personalised information when viewing the web service. Also, we will not be able to collect anonymous information concerning the use of our pages, which we need to improve the content of ELL-EVATE continuously.