Check out the FGS Phone App
Easy and practical real-time
acute pain assessment of your cat
Share your cat's image and scores
Available in English and French for Android and Apple
Google Play Store
Apple App Store
​
​
​
*The FGS privacy policies have been updated by the developer Steagall laboratory in July 2024.
Terms and Conditions
Notes for non-veterinarians:
​​
1) Rights and responsibilities: The Feline Grimace Scale (FGS) is a tool used for acute pain assessment based on changes  in facial expressions in cats. You may use this App to learn about the Feline Grimace Scale and to assess acute pain in cats. If you have any concerns related to your cat’s health or if you suspect that it might be in pain based or not on the scores of the FGS, please contact a veterinarian immediately. Users have the right to share an image of their cat with the researchers to help improve feline pain management. By sending an image to the researchers, users are granting a non-exclusive license to use the images and such use is unrestricted in terms of time, territory and way of exploitation, including, but not limited to, research and educational purposes, publication in different medias, distribution, changes, use and storage by way of printed and audiovisual material.
2)
Understanding the use of this App: The FGS can be used for acute pain (and not chronic pain) assessment in cats. This phone app explains how the tool works, teaches about its appropriate use including its action units and practical skills, and facilitates real-time pain scoring. The user may save and/or share images with the FGS team, the veterinarian or elsewhere. Changes in facial expressions in cats may be related to pain or not. If you have any concerns related to your cat’s health or if you suspect that it might be in pain based or not on the scores of the FGS, please contact a veterinarian immediately. The website
www.felinegrimacescale.com
contains the most up-to-date information about the FGS.
​
3)
Liability: Under no circumstances, this App, its creators, or developers can be hold accountable or liable for any decision, outcome or consequences from the use of this App.
​
​
Notes for veterinary professionals:
1) Rights and responsibilities: The Feline Grimace Scale (FGS) is a tool used for acute pain assessment based on changes in facial expressions in cats. It offers clinical guidance as it provides information related to pain severity and the need for the administration of rescue analgesia (scores ≥ 4/10). Users have the right to share an image of their cat with the researchers to help improve feline pain management. By sending an image to the researchers, users are granting a non-exclusive license to use the images and such use is unrestricted in terms of time, territory and way of exploitation, including, but not limited to, research and educational purposes, publication in different medias, distribution, changes, use and storage by way of printed and audiovisual material. The veterinarian is the solely responsible individual for the diagnosis and treatment of pain as well as for interpreting the scores based on clinical judgement associated with the patient’s clinical history, physical examination, and previously administered drugs.
2) Limitations: Fear and stress, and sedative and analgesic medications can affect pain assessment and the FGS scores. The tool has excellent discriminatory ability. However, individual variability exists with the interpretation of action units and pain scoring with possible false positive and false negative results. Please take these limitations in consideration while evaluating hospitalized patients. Updated information about new studies on the Feline Grimace Scales can be found at:
www.felinegrimacescale.com
.
3) Liability: Under no circumstances, this App, its creators, or developers can be hold accountable or liable for any decision, outcome or consequences from the use of this App.
​
​
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.felinegrimacescale.com/general-4:
top of page
FGS
App
Privacy Policy
These privacy policies have been updated by the developer Paulo Vinicius Mortensen Steagall (Steagall laboratory) in December 2024. Any inquiries or contact can be submitted via the website
www.felinegrimacescale.com/contact
Data collection
Your personal data are not collected but the app requests access to your camera (take pictures and videos). This app requires to read the contents of your shared storage, modify or delete the contents of your shared storage. It may view your network connections and have full network access.
Users may share an image with the developers to help improve feline pain management. These images are collected, handled, shared and stored as described below. By sending an image to the researchers, users are granting a non-exclusive, perpetual and free license to use the images. This license is unrestricted in terms of time, territory, and manner of exploitation.
Data handling, retention and storage
Images that are sent via app may be used for various purposes, including but not limited to research and educational purposes, publications in any sort of media, distribution, modification, use in subsequent studies, and storage in printed and audiovisual materials.
Images are received in a private email only accessible by the developers. All images are saved in one of the laboratory’s hard drive. All images are stored by the developers indeterminably. Images are only deleted when not appropriate for use according to the developers’ discretion.
Data Sharing
Images shared by users may be used by the developers for research, educational and commercial purposes and may be shared with third parties for any purpose. By agreeing to use the Feline Grimace Scale phone application, users agree with data sharing. These third parties may include academic institutions, research organizations, commercial partners, industry, media outlets and any stakeholders that the developers may work with, without exception. We will ensure that any third parties with whom we share the images are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the data.
Security practices
Data are encrypted in transit. The data are transferred over a secure connection.
bottom of page