You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
About
Contact
Merch
Donate
Privacy Policy
Versify is a free app. It is intended for use as is.
The purpose of this page is to inform you of the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if you download and use Versify.
If you choose to use Verisfy, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use Versify, in a case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through a third-party service) to investigate the issue. This data may include information such as your operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party services and individuals due to the following reasons:
To improve and add features to Versify
To assist us in analyzing how Versify is used.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Versify may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at
theversifyapp@gmail.com
.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Future versions of our Privacy Policy can be found on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-11-25
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
theversifyapp@gmail.com
.
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator