PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
Delta Merseyside Ltd ("we","our", "us") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Delta Merseyside Limited is a limited liability company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 04271743 whose registered office is at 200 Strand Road, Bootle, Liverpool, Merseyside, L20 3HL ("Delta");
and for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") and Data Protection Act 2018, if you book services as a passenger in England, the data controller is Delta Merseyside Ltd
This policy sets out the basis on which we will process any personal data or usage information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, in connection with your use of our websites at www.deltataxis.net (the "Website"), our mobile apps (the "Apps") or our services.
Please read this notice carefully so that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data, and how we will collect, use and process your personal data. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice in general or any part of it, you should not access the Websites, the Apps or use our services.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
	Information you give us.You may provide information by contacting us via our Website, Apps or by email, telephone, social media or otherwise, or by creating an account and then using our services.
	We are not the Data Controllers for any in-car CCTV, any vehicles we own, do not have CCTV fitted, for vehicles with CCTV fitted, the data controller will either be the driver or the vehicle owner
	If you use our services through your company, information provided to us by your employer. In the case of our corporate customers only, your employer may provide us with information about you when it signs up to use our services, for example your name and business email address.
To perform our contract with you, we will use your information:
	to communicate with you in relation to booked journeys only;
	to provide you with ground transportation and/or courier services;
	to create records of bookings and to send you booking acknowledgments, confirmations, receipts and invoices (Account customers only); and
	to maintain records of lost property.
As it is in our legitimate interests to be responsive to you and to ensure the proper functioning of our services and organisation, we will use your information:
	to detect and prevent fraud and crime;
	for reporting and data analysis purposes;
	for insurance purposes;
	to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations imposed by our Local Authority Licensing Department and any other licensing authority where we provide services;
	to meet customer service requirements and for complaint handling and feedback;
	to monitor and assess the quality of our service;
	to contact you via telephone, email, SMS or via our Apps;
	to identify our users;
	to personalise our services for you, for example, to provide you with an suitable vehicle where you request such a vehicle
	to enforce our terms and conditions;
Technical usage information.
When you visit our Websites or use our Apps, we automatically collect the information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone, or other access device. This information includes:
	your IP address;
	device information including, but not limited to, identifier, name, and type of operating system (including versions);
	mobile network information;
	standard web information, such as your browser type and the pages you access on our Websites;
	mobile device UUID (Unique Download ID)
	hardware models, software, file names and versions, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, serial numbers and device motion information.
As it is in our legitimate interests to process your data to provide effective services and useful content to you we collect this information in order to:
	monitor and analyse trends, usage and activity in connection with our Websites, Apps and services and to improve our services;
	administer our Websites and Apps, and for internal operations, in order to conduct troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey analysis;
	keep our Websites and Apps safe and secure; or
	measure and understand the effectiveness of the content we serve to you and others.
Do we use cookies?
We use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics tool that helps us understand how users engage with our Websites. Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track user interactions, as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how users use our site. This information is used to compile reports and to help us improve our Website. The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How do we share your personal data?
We do not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. We share your information with selected recipients. These categories of recipients include:
	Self-employed drivers operating through Delta on an individual booking basis;
	IT support service providers who support and maintain our booking platform and work on our secure servers; and
	Our insurance company and claims handling companies, for the purpose of investigating and settling any insurance claims.
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
	comply with a legal obligation, process or request;
	enforce our terms and conditions and other agreements, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
	detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
We will also disclose your information to third parties:
	in the event that we sell any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets; or
	if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case information held by us about our users will be one of the transferred assets.
Personal Data Security
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet or email is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through the Websites, Apps, over email or via our contact centres; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data against loss, theft and unauthorised use, access or modification.
Personal Data Retention
To determine the retention period of your personal data, we consider several criteria to make sure that we do not keep your personal data for long than is necessary or appropriate. These criteria include:
	the purpose for which we hold your personal data;
	our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to that personal data, for example any financial reporting obligations and our regulatory obligations to our Local Authority Licensing Departments and other local licensing authorities;
	whether you are no longer actively participating or engaging with our brands, for example, you do not open our emails, visit our Websites, or share user generated content;
	any specific requests from you in relation to the deletion of your personal data; and
	our legitimate business interests in relation to managing our own rights, for example the defence of any claims.
We will retain your information as follows:
	your customer profile and account information (including your technical usage data), for 7 years after your last use of our services;
	records of bookings, lost property and complaints for a minimum of 6 months (we are required to retain such data to comply with our regulatory requirements).
Your rights
You have rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances. We have described these situations below, as well as how you can exercise your rights. To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at privacy@deltataxis.net
	Access: You have the right to ask us to access the personal data we hold about you and be provided with certain information about how we use your personal data and who we share it with.
	Correction: You also have the right to ask us to correct your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
	Portability: Where you have provided your personal data to us under contract, you have the right to ask us to share (port) this data to another data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
	Erasure: In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you.
	Restriction:In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data, save for storage.
	Objection:In certain circumstances, the right to restrict or object to our processing of your personal information (e.g. where you request correction or erasure, you also have a right to restrict processing of your applicable data while your request is considered). You can object to our processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests and we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate an overriding legitimate ground.
In addition, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office or other applicable data protection supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are limited, for example, where fulfilling your request would adversely affect other individuals or company trade secrets or intellectual property, where there are overriding public interest reasons or where we are required by law to retain your personal data.
Marketing
We do not use any of the data collected in the legitimate interests of the company for any marketing, nor do we share that data with any third party with regards to marketing
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the first instance at privacy@deltataxis.net and we will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the Information Commissioner's Office or the data protection supervisory authority in the EU country in which you live or work where you think we have infringed data protection laws.
Changes
Any changes we will make to this policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@deltataxis.net. You can also write to our Data Controller at Delta Merseyside Ltd. 200 Strand Road, Bootle, Liverpool. L20 3HL. or by telephoning 0151 922 7373.