Hello. Nice to see you here.
When you browse the web, you leave a digital footprint. It’s information about your device and the way you use it online.
We just want to let you know that we’ll collect this information about you. Most websites do this.
We use this information to deliver the website to you. We also use it for other things, which we think help you and us.
We’ve put this notice together to explain this. Don’t worry. It takes a little over 7 minutes to read.
By the way, when we say “we” this means the HSBC group of companies and our trusted partners who provide services to us.
These include our:
Technology providers.
Cybersecurity companies.
Social media partners.
Advertising partners.
The data controller for this website and for the processing activities carried out on this website is HSBC Holdings plc. We’ve set out contact details at the end of this notice if you need to reach us.
Our Privacy Notices
This is our website notice.
We have other notices. Some of these may apply to you as well. It depends on how you choose to interact with us.
Full privacy notice:
Our full privacy notices contain more information to read alongside this notice. These notices are country specific and will tell you more details, such as the full company names of HSBC’s data controllers in those countries, and the products and services they cover. They also tell you how HSBC uses your personal information in general for those products and services and in those countries. You can read them by visiting the website for the relevant product or service, or you can contact your customer services team for a copy. A list of these websites can be found on our
Contact us page
.
Public website notice:
This notice covers parts of this website where you don’t need a password (like this page).
Cookie notice:
This notice covers how we collect information from your web browser or mobile device.
Other notices:
Some of our apps or parts of our websites have their own privacy notices. For example, our mobile apps have privacy notices. So does our careers section of our website at
https://www.hsbc.com/careers
. You can usually find our notices in the footer of the webpage. If you’re using an app, it will usually be in the menu.  Our full privacy notice is our main one and can be found by visiting the website for the product or services we provide you. A list of these websites can be found on our
Contact us page
.
Personal information collected by this website
We collect information when you use our website. We also do this when you visit one of our social media sites.
When you view our website or social media sites, we can see:
What you click
What you view
How long you spend on pages
Your country or region (not exactly where you are unless we ask permission)
Your unique advertising or other identification numbers allocated to your browser or device.
Your device & internet connection details such as: type of device you’re using, IP address and details about your internet connection, technical details such as your screen size and the software you’re using, such as your web browser.
If you follow a link to this website, we know the last site you visited. You may have reached this website by following a link from an e-mail. When you open an email from us, we may be able to tell:
that you've opened it.
what links in the email you click on.
When you fill in a form on our website, we can see what you type.
If you send us a message or complete a form, we may collect information you tell us.
Some of this data is collected by:
Our partners:
These may be website hosts or social media sites.
Cyber-security filtering technology:
This keeps our website safe from fraud and crime.
Cookies and similar technology:
These are set on your device by us and our trusted partners.
We don't often know exactly who you are from this data. But sometimes we may connect this data with other information we hold about you.
For example:
If you browse our website and then access online banking, we may connect this data to you. The next time you visit, we may still link that data to you.
If you browse our website while logged into social media accounts, then our partners may be able to connect this data to those accounts.
It might be possible to connect your browsing data to personal data held by third parties.
We use your data when it is in our legitimate interests.
This means we need to have a valid and lawful reason to use your data and balance this with your interests.
How we use this personal information
To deliver the website
We use your information to operate the website and monitor how well it is working. Most websites do this.
To provide you with information
We may use your information to:
Respond to your questions.
Provide you with information, products or services you have requested or which we feel may interest you.
Provide you with alerts or updates if you sign up for them.
To improve our business
We use your information to:
Understand how you use our services.
View trends in product offerings.
Develop well targeted offers and products.
Find offers and products that may be of interest to you.
Make our services better for you.
Learn how useful our marketing is and make it better.
Security & protection
We use your information to help protect you and ourselves against fraud or crime. For example, our service providers look at all use of our website to help block malicious activity. This helps keep you and us safe.
One of our security providers is Google ReCaptcha. Google asks us to tell you that this is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Personalising our website
When you visit our website, we may use data we collect to make the site reflect you. This could include:
Tailoring our website content and services for you.
Showing you information or updates that might be useful for you.
Showing products or services that we think will be of interest to you.
Online advertising
When we advertise online, we may share your information with our advertising partners.
We may ask our advertising partner to use that information to:
Check if you hold an account with them.
Choose which adverts to send to you.
Send our adverts to you.
Cxclude you from adverts, e.g. if the advert is for a service you already use.
Advertise to people who have a similar profile to you or share your interests.
Identify what other marketing may be of interest to you.
Understand how useful our marketing is and make it better.
Social Media
HSBC uses social media to:
We may ask our advertising partner to use that information to:
Help connect with you.
Share information about our products and services.
Sometimes these involve using your data.
Social media platforms may let you choose what advertising you receive. You should contact them for more information.
Facebook
When you use an HSBC Page on Facebook, Facebook Ireland or your local Facebook entity and HSBC collect information about you. This includes:
HSBC has access to this information to use for reporting, insights and marketing purposes and so does Facebook. This helps HSBC improve our offering on Facebook and create better marketing. HSBC may also see this information if HSBC has communicated with you on Facebook. HSBC does this because it helps us know who we're speaking to.
If you've allowed us to use cookies that support our marketing, HSBC and Facebook can collect this information when you use HSBC's site too. To learn more, or to switch this off, please visit our Cookies Notice at https://www.business.hsbc.com/cookie-policy. You can control which cookies you allow by selecting "Manage Cookies".
Within the European Union, Facebook Ireland is a 'joint controller' with us in law for processing where we collect information about you:
From your actions on our Facebook page.
Through the Facebook pixel on our website.
We and Facebook have agreed to share some responsibilities to protect your personal data, by:
Making sure we each have a legal basis for joint processing.
Honouring your legal rights in respect of your data.
Ensuring security of joint processing.
Further details of how Facebook processes your personal information, the legal basis it relies on, your rights and Facebook's contact details can be found at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Your rights
We think carefully about how we use your information. We always aim to use it in a way that's fair to you. You might prefer us not to use it for some purposes.
You have a legal right to:
Ask us to provide you with copies of your personal information, make corrections or sometimes ask us to delete it.
Object to our processing of your information in some circumstances. For example to ask us not to share your personal information for online advertising.
Complain to the UK Information Commissioner's Office by visiting ico.org.uk. or to the data protection regulator in the country where you are.
We may not always be able to stop processing your information, such as if we're using it to help protect you or others.
Other important information
We have a couple more things to tell you.
Transfers: We transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area. If this happens your information may not have the same level of protection.
Security: We'll use a range of measures to keep your information safe and secure, such as encryption.
Storage: We keep your information in line with our data retention policy. We do this to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, and for our legitimate purposes.
Our full privacy notice contains more information about these topics.
Contact us
We're always happy to hear from you.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer for this notice at:
For the attention of: the DPO
HSBC Holdings plc,
Customer Service Centre,
BX8 1HB
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time, and you'll always be able to find the most recent version on this site.
Last updated: 26 July 2021
Thank you for reading this privacy notice.
Happy browing.
Need help?
Questions, comments and requests are welcome and should be submitted via the Contact Us form.
Contact us
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies