Help
Main
About
Features
Download
عربي
عربي
What is the (Altakhassusi) patient portal?
Altakhassusi is a secure online website that gives you convenient 24-hour access to personal health information from anywhere with an Internet connection or using your smart phone by downloading Altakhassusi from Apple Store or Google Play.
You can manage your appointments, view your medical reports, contact patient relations and much more.
Only you can access your Altakhassusi account unless you grant access to someone else. You will also have access to your dependents’ accounts if they are less than 18 years of age.
The mission of this portal was driven by promoting “Patient Experiences” through meeting their growing expectations and satisfying their demands by effective engagements through the use of technology as an efficient and effective communication platform.
Appointments
View your upcoming appointments, request to reschedule or cancel existing appointments.
Medications
View and print your current and inactive medications and learn more details about your medications.
Immunizations
View a list of immunizations either taken or recommended for you based on age, gender and medical history. Due dates are included to help you decide when to request an immunization.
Health Profile
An overview of the most recent information as recorded in your health record, like eligibility information, account balance, allergies, blood type and a summary of your current medications.
Medical Conditions
View a list of Diagnosis as obtained from your KFSH&RC electronic health record.
Health Maintenance
View a list of preventive screenings, procedures or immunizations recommended for you based on age, gender and medical history.
Laboratory Tests
View details of upcoming or completed laboratory and procedure results. Most test results are automatically released into Altakhassusi, with the exception of certain sensitive confidential tests.
Radiology
View reports of all completed Radiology exams and procedures. Most reports are automatically released into Altakhassusi, with the exception of certain sensitive exams.
Documents & Reports
View medical reports including discharge summaries or medical evaluations. Most reports are automatically released into Altakhassusi, with the exception of certain sensitive reports.
Vital Signs
View values and graphs for your vital signs, height and weight as documented on each visit.
Surgical Procedures
View details of completed surgical procedures.
Pathology Reports
View reports of completed Pathology tests and procedures. Most reports are automatically released into Altakhassusi, with the exception of certain sensitive tests.
Statement of Visit
View and print details of your previous statement of visit to Outpatient, Inpatient and Emergency Department. Request a statement of visits and rate your visits within the first 7 days of your visit to the hospital.
Supplies
View details of your approved medical supplies.
My Profile
Your personal information and emergency contacts. View your dependents’ or people you are authorized to access, give access to others, and view who has access to your records.
My Requests
Allows you to keep track of all kinds of requests like, medications, appointments or suggestions and complaints.
Previous
Next
Download The Altakhassusi App Today
Use your Altakhassusi account to view your health information and manage your appointments on your mobile devices.
With Altakhassusi you can:
Review test results, medications, immunization history, and more
View your medical records
Manage your appointments
Access your dependents’ health information if they are less than 18 years of age
And much more…
Download Altakhassusi on your device and start benefiting from all the great services we have to offer. Search for Altakhassusi on the App Store or Google Play, or click the links below.