Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
Jan
01
, 202
2
1.
Introduction
T
his Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describe
s
the ways
Tuscany adventure
(“Studio,”
“us”, “our” or “we”) collects, stores, uses, and discloses the information,
including personal information, and data that our users (“users” or “you”)
provide or we collect in connection with our website available at
http://www.lor-game.com
and
any Studio game provided on a mobile platform (each a “Service,” collectively,
the “Services”).  Additionally,
this
Policy describes your rights and choices concerning your information.
Please note that the
scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received
by Studio through your use of the Services.  We are not responsible for
the actions of individuals with no relationship to us or third-party companies,
the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them,
or any products or services they may offer.  Any link to those sites does
not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those individuals or
companies.
If you do not want us
to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this
Policy, you should not use our Services.
2.
Personal Information We Collect From You and How We Collect It
When you use our
Services, you may give us your contact information directly on our website,
generally your email address.
Registration
Information:
We may also offer you
the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other Studio users
(“Account”). If you create an Account, you may provide us , your e-mail
address, a password and other information that helps us confirm that it is you
accessing your Account. We may do this
through
in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip. If you sign into the
Services with Facebook Connect we will collect information that is visible via
your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) Facebook ID,
(3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your Account may be
used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which
may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public
leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features.
The
Studio username will be public and will be shown to other users, but will only
permit access to information that is considered public or that you have
designated as public in your user profile settings.
We may also offer you
the ability to import your contacts or manually enter e-mail addresses so that
you can locate your contacts on Studio and invite your contacts to join you in
the Services. We will store those contacts for purposes of helping you and your
contacts make connections through our Services.
Technical and Usage
Information
When
you access our Services, we may collect (i) certain technical information about
your mobile device or computer system, including IP Address, mobile device ID
(IDFA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), and the version of your
operating system; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the
Services. In certain Services we will create and assign to your device an
identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you
have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and
any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name,
or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite
friends to join you in the Services.  This information is typically collected
through the use of third-party mobile device software development kits.
We may occasionally send you push notifications
through our Service to send you game updates, high scores and other
service-related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may
at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning
them off at the device level through your settings.
Payment Information
When
you order any good or service through the Services, including any virtual
currency or virtual good, we collect some purchase information which is
comprised of transaction history, including what you have purchased, the price,
and the date.  Your in-app purchase transactions are processed by third-party
payment processors. The third-party payment processors will collect your name,
phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete
credit card information that enables them to receive your payment.  Our
payment processing service provider may also retain this information to enable
you to purchase additional items through our Services without having to
re-enter it each time.
Please note
third party payment processors do not share your financial information, like
credit card numbers, with us.
Please note that
purchases from third parties may also be subject to additional policies
.
Information
Collected by Customer Support
When
you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and
store the contact information you provide (generally your
username
and e-mail address),
information about your game-play or activity on the Services, and your user
name or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information
contained within.
3.
How We Use Your
Information
Our primary goals in
using your information are to create your account, provide Services to you,
troubleshoot, improve and optimize our Services, contact you, conduct research
and create reports for internal use.  We use information collected through
our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in
connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
-
Create accounts and allow
users to use our Services;
-
Identify and suggest
connections with other Studio users;
-
Operate and improve our
Services;
-
Understand you and your
preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
-
Respond to your comments and
questions and provide customer service;
-
Provide and deliver products
and services you request;
-
Deliver advertising and
marketing and promotional information to you;
-
Send you related
information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates,
security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
-
Communicate with you about
promotions, contests, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products
and services offered by us and our selected partners;
-
Conduct and administer
contests promoted by us;
-
Enable you to communicate
with other users; and,
-
Link or combine it with
other information we get from third parties to help understand your preferences
and provide you with better services.
4.
How We May
Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
We may share
information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
-
With service providers that
perform services on our behalf or enhance our Services, including hosting
services, payment processing, customer service and to assist us in our
marketing efforts;
-
With our affiliates;
-
For analytics and research
purposes, including Google Analytics.  These service providers may use cookies
to collect information about your online activities across this and other sites
over time for non-advertising purposes.  To learn more about how Google
analytics collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to
control these activities, you may visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
;
-
We may share aggregate or
anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business
partners, sponsors, and other third parties;
-
When we have a good faith
belief that we have to disclose the information in response to lawful requests
by public authorities, including law enforcement or legal process purposes;
-
To satisfy any applicable
laws or regulations;
-
When we believe in our sole
discretion that our Services are being used in committing a crime, including to
report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and
organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and
other security precautions;
-
To protect our or a third
party’s legal rights, investigate fraud, or to defend against a legal claim;
and,
-
As part of a business
transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy.
Advertising.
To the extent we display advertising in our
Services, we may allow advertising networks of our affiliates and partner
networks to collect information about your mobile device to enable them to
serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes the following:
-
Device make, model and
operating system;
-
Device properties related to
screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
-
Carrier;
-
Operating system;
-
Name and properties of
mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
-
Country, time zone and
locale settings (country and preferred language);
-
Network connection type and
speed;
-
IP Address;
-
Internet browser user-agent
used to access the Services; and,
-
Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS
devices and GAID on Android devices).
A list of these
advertising partners and their privacy policies is available at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
The privacy policies of
our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data
collection and use practices. We encourage you to review those privacy policies
to learn more about their data collection and use practices.
You may visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
(for individuals in the EU) to learn more about
interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising on
your web browser by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance
(“DAA”) self-regulatory program.  If you wish to opt-out of interest based
advertising in mobile apps on your device by companies that participate in the
DAA’s AppChoices app, you may download that app onto your device and exercise
your choice.  AppChoices is available at the links below:
·
DAA AppChoices
iOS
·
DAA AppChoices
Android
·
DAA AppChoices
Amazon
You may also limit data
collection by third parties by using your mobile device settings.  Please note
that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your
browser or applications.  It may make the ads you see less relevant to your
interests.  Additionally, please note that if you use a different browser or
erase cookies from your browser, or use a different mobile device, you may need
to renew your opt-out choices.
We do not share your
personal information except as approved by you or as described herein.
Where we share your information
with third-party service providers and business partners, we ensure that we
have appropriate agreements in place to protect your information as required by
applicable data protection laws.
5.
Security
Safeguards
We take reasonable
measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss,
misuse or alteration by third parties.  Although we make good faith efforts to
store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating
environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the
absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on
our systems.  Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and
security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security
measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to
this information.  We do not warrant or represent that your information
will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is
100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
6.
Data
Retention
We retain your personal
data for as long as needed to provide you Services, unless we are required by
law to delete or if we accept your request to delete the information. We will
also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements
7.
Our Policy
Regarding Children
We do not knowingly
collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly
allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 16, please do
not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone
number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any
personal data.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal
data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as
possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about
a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
8.
Transfer of
Personal Data Outside Your Country
We may transfer
information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third
parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries
or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and
jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own
jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to
enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of
information about you, including personal data, as described in this Policy.
9.
Specific Provisions for EU Individuals
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information.
At any time, you may contact us at the address
provided in the “Contact Us” section herein and request to access the personal
data that we hold about you. We may need to ask you to provide certain information
to make sure you are who you claim to be. If you find the information on your
account is not accurate, complete or updated, then please provide us with the
necessary information to correct it.
Withdrawing Your
Consent
. Contact us if you
would like to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data.
Exercising this right will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on
consent before withdrawal.
Erasing or
Restricting Access to Your Information
.  You may request to delete or restrict access to your
personal data. We may postpone or deny your request if your personal data is in
current use for providing Services or for other legitimate purposes, in which
case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Transferring your
Personal Data (Otherwise known as Your Right to Data Portability)
.  You have the right to receive your personal
data that you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine
readable format and the right to transmit that data to another party of your
choice, where technically feasible. However, this right shall not apply where
it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to Make
Complaint
. If you consider that
our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you have a
legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for
data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual
residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
If you have any concerns about the way we process your
personal data, you are welcome to contact our data protection officer at
dev.lorgame@gmail.com,
o
r write to us at the address set forth in
the “Contact Us” section. We will look into your request and make good faith
efforts to resolve any concern you may have.
10.
Lawful Basis
for Processing
On certain occasions,
we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a
contract to which you are a party, such as to provide the Services to
you.  We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries
concerning our products and services.
On other
occasions, we process your personal data where required by law.  We may
also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the
interests of a third party.
Additionally, we
process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention,
improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers
and publishers; where these interests are not overridden by your data
protection rights.
If the processing
of personal data is necessary and there is no other lawful basis for such
processing, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from
you.  You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of
personal data at any time.
For questions
about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. 
Visit the “Contact Us” section below for contact information.
11.
Specific
Provisions for California Consumers
These
additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who
reside in California.  The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)
provides additional rights to know, delete and opt out, and requires
“businesses” collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notice
and a means to exercise those rights.
Categories
of personal information collected in the preceding 12 months:
-
See
Personal
Information We Collect from You and How We Collect It
above
Business
purpose for collection:
-
See
How
We Use Your Information
above
Third
parties with whom we may share your information:
-
See
Use
of Information by Others
above
Right to Know and
Right to Delete.
For
any of the personal information described above, you can request to know what
personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and request that
we delete your personal information at any time.
To exercise your right
to know and right to deletion, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dev.lorgame@gmail.com
with the subject line “California Rights
Request.”  We will need to verify your identity before processing your request.
In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of
sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you
in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise
the right to know and right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to
verify your identity.
Upon verification of
your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your
personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is
necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction with you,
detect security incidents or fraud, fixing errors, exercise free speech or
another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or other internal
and lawful uses.
Right to Opt Out of
Sale.
CCPA gives you a right
to direct a business that sells your personal information to stop selling  your
personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future. We do not sell
any of your personal information and will require our service providers not to
sell your personal information.
You also have the right
not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
If you are a California
resident seeking to exercise your rights under the CCPA or have any questions
or concerns, please email us at
dev.lorgame@gmail.com
.
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to
use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you provide
sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with
written permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your
own identity with us.
We aim to respond to a
consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that
request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and
extension period in writing.
12.
Changes to
This Policy
We may update this
Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. If we
make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on the
Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to
periodically review this Policy for the latest information on our privacy
practices. Please note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal
requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required.
13.
Contact Us
If you have questions
regarding this Policy, our collection and use of information, if you have any
requests for resolving issues with our personal data or if you desire to
request a copy of your data we gathered or wish us to delete that data, please
contact us:
Name of the Data
Controller:
Jessie
Email:
dev.lorgame@gmail.com
If you no longer want
Tuscany Adventure
to make active use of your information, you may send an
e-mail to
dev.lorgame@gmail.com
. Place "Delete My
Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name,
e-mail address and user ID number from which you access our games (if
applicable) in the body of the e-mail. We will respond to your request within
thirty (30) days.
Tuscany Adventure
may use your information unless and until you
send
Tuscany Adventure
such a request. Please note that your
information, for example those records pertaining to payments or customer
service matters, may be retained for legal and accounting purposes. If you have
sent or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.
Tuscany Adventure
19H Maxgrand plaza No.3 Tai Yau Street San
Po Kong,Kowloon Hong Kong
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies