This App respects and protects the personal privacy of all use services. In order to provide you (the “User”) with more accurate and personalized services, this App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Your information will be treated with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, the App will not disclose or share your information to third parties without your prior permission. The App will update the privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this App privacy policy, you are deemed to have agreed with all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the use agreement of the App services and we recommend you to read these Privacy Policy Carefully.
1.
What information does the App obtain and how it is used?
The App obtains the information you provide when you download and register in the App. Registration is optional, however, you may not use some of the features of the App unless you register.
When you register and use the App, you give us this information:
Name
Gender
Age
Height
Current Weight
Goal weight
Country of residence
Operative System
Data based in the principle of BIA bioelectrical measurement parameters (body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolism)
We measure these parameters by using complex formulas. Therefore, when you register your App account, your birthday, height, gender and other body related data you submitted will be applied to the calculation of body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolic rate, etc.
We use your personal data to provide you the services in the App. We collect information to provide better services to all users, and the information collected is used to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services. The personal information will be used mainly for the following purposes:
(1) Complete your request for a particular service or product.
(2) Provide you with the APP software or particular service, product or information of the third parties (such as the partner of this App software) via email, you may also unsubscribe if you wish to stop receiving emails from us.
(3) To produce statistics of users data for this application (such as number of users, composition, interest, performance, etc.) to provide better services and products to the users, or disclose such statistics to the third parties for a certain legal purpose. This kind of statistics is the whole information of the user group rather than individual information.
The legal basis for the processing of the above data is the performance of a contractual relationship with the User (art. 6(1)(b) of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Children
We do not use the App to solicit data from children under the age of 14. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us information without their consent, he or she should contact us at sales@welland.hk . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
2.
How does the App obtain your personal data?
We obtain your information when you use the services. Your email address will be used as the login account name. If you have any enquiries in the process of use, you can put forward in the App feedback. We will send the answer to your mailbox, and therefore, you will get technical support service from us through your mailbox. We will ensure that your email address will not be used for other purposes or shared to third parties.
For some Android mobile phones (especially Android 6.0+ mobile phones), if App needs to use Bluetooth function, user will be asked to turn on the App location service, because the Bluetooth function switch of those mobile phones is associated with the location service. In order to provide users with smoother and faster experience, we require Android mobile phones to open the location service for the App. We will ensure your location service is not used for other purposes.
●When you edit your user avatar, we will ask you to authorize our photo album and camera permissions. The avatar is only displayed on the Starfit interface. Refusal to provide the photo album and camera permissions will only affect your use of the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Starfit.
●When you use the feedback function on Starfit,if you need to send pictures to us for troubleshooting, we will ask you to authorize our photo album and camera permissions. Refusal to provide the photo album and camera permissions will only affect your use of the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Starfit.
3.
Do third parties have access to your personal information?
This App software will enjoy your personal information. Your personal information will not be provided to unrelated third parties without your permission.
In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal information to the relevant third parties:
(1) Some services of this application should be provided or jointly provided by a partner (such as a company that provides technical services, a transportation company, a mailing company, a company that offers prizes, etc.) In order to provide you with such services, it’s necessary for this application to share your personal information with the partners. If you do not want your information to be shared to third parties, you may refuse to use the specific service, thus refuse your personal information to be disclosed.
(2) In accordance with the laws and regulations or the mandatory provisions of the government, we must provide your personal information to the relevant judicial or government departments.
(3) In order to prevent the legitimate rights and interests of others or social and public interests are seriously endangered.
(4) In order to prevent your legitimate rights and interests from serious harm.
(5) We find that your actions are in violation of the terms of service of this App or any user guide of a particular service or product, or posing a major hazard to the legitimate rights and interests of the App software.
HealthKit
1. App will share the weight data (weight/body fat/bmi/lean body mass) after each weighing to Apple's health center.
2. Due to the importance of the privacy of your health data, App will prompt you to authorize the sharing of the Apple Health Center after the first time you enter the Homepage. If you want to modify the authorization later, you can view the HealthKit setup instructions in the App system settings Screen.
3. App will not share weight data to Apple's Health Center in the experience mode and guest Mode.
Does the App collect precise real-time location information of the mobile device?
The App does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
5.
What are your rights?
As User, at any time and free of charge, you can have and/or exercise the following rights:
Right of access. You have the right to obtain information about the processing of your personal data and to access it.
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask for the updating, rectification or integration of your personal data.
Right to erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain a portable electronic copy of your personal data.
Right to object. Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the right to object to such processing, wholly or partly, on grounds related to your particular situation. In particular, you are entitled to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling.
Right to withdraw your consent. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent, although the processing carried out before your withdrawal of consent will remain valid.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent national Data Protection Authority, in particular before the Data Protection Authority of the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
To exercise your rights, you may contact us by using your registered user name and password of your App. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request. Your account in this application can be deleted, but this will prevent you from being able to log in to the App or use any other services of the App.
6.
Information Security
Your account information and files are protected by password, please keep your username and password information safe. This App will ensure your information is not lost, abused and fabricated through user password encryption and other security measures. Only you personally have the right to access your personal information. We recommend not to disclose your password to anyone else. We will not take the initiative of calling or emailing you to ask your password. No absolute security can be ensured for any data transmission through internet or wireless networks. So, while we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information you transmit to us or the security of information of online products or services we send online. You shall take risks by yourself when you make the said action. As soon as we receive the information you send to us, we will do our utmost to ensure the security of our system.
On case of a breach of security we will promptly inform the competent national Data Protection Authority.
May your personal data be transferred outside EEA?
Your data may be transferred and registered to countries located outside the European Economic Area (EEA). In such cases, we make sure that such transfer is based on appropriate safeguards listed in the GDPR.
7.
Disclaimer
We do not have to bear any responsibility in the following circumstances:
(1) Any disclosure of personal information made in accordance with the laws, regulations or mandatory provisions of the government.
(2) The disclosure of any personal information resulting from the fact that you shared your user password or a registered account with others.
(3) The personal information being disclosed, lost, stolen or tampered by any force majeure caused by hacker attack, computer virus invasion or attack, temporary closure caused by government control and others that affect the normal operation of the network.
8. Facebook
(1) We use the public profile information returned by facebook as the app login credentials through user click authorization.
(2) The app also provides a way to delete accounts created by the user using facebook authorization. The user has the right to delete the account created and the data in the account. You can delete your account in "Account  management".
You can follow the steps in the link below to delete your account:
click here
9. Delete data or account
9.1. Delete Data:
You can delete data records by right clicking in the "History" list.
9.2. Delete Account:
You can delete an account by going to "Mine" ->"Setting" ->"Delete Account".
10.
Amendments and Interpretations of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy maybe amended at irregular intervals. We will notify you by sending you email or system message before the amendment comes into effect. In this case, if you continue to use our service, it is deemed that you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. The right of revision and final interpretation of the privacy statement shall be owned by
Starfit
.
This App Privacy Policy was updated on July 1, 2021