BNESIM Limited
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Last update: 2025-02-18
Background:
BNESIM Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Site and will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consis-tent with your rights and Our obligations under the law.
This Policy applies to Our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of Our Site.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it.You will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account"
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
"Cookie"
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 12, below;]
"Our site"
means this website, https://www.bnesim.com/, the app VirtualSIM by BNESIM for iOS and Android, the app BNE Room for iOS and Android;
"Hong Kong and EU Privacy Laws"
means the relevant parts of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Laws of Hong Kong (Cap 486) (PDPO) and of the The General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679); and
“We/Us/Our”
means BNESIM Limited a limited company registered in Hong Kong under license 2531485, whose registered address is Unit C, 8/F, King Palace Plaza, NO:55 King Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
2. Information About Us
1 - Our Site, https://www.bnesim.com/, is owned and operated by BNESIM Limited, a limited company registered in Hong Kong under license 2531485, whose registered address is Unit C, 8/F, King Palace Plaza, NO:55 King Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
2 - Our data protection officer is Christian Brilli who can be contacted at privacy@bnesim.com
3 - We are regulated by the GDPR.
3. Scope – What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from Our Site (whether We provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. What Data Do We Collect?
Some data will be collected automatically by Our Site, other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it and consent to Us using it for the purposes set out in section 5, for example, when signing up for an Account. Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following data:
1 - Name;
2 - Date of birth;
3 - Gender;
4 - Business/company name;
5 - Job title;
6 - Profession;
7 - Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
8 - Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
9 - Financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
10 - IP address (automatically collected);
11 - Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
12 - Operating system (automatically collected);
13 - A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected);
5. How Do We Use Your Data?
1. All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the Hong Kong and EU Privacy Laws. For more details on security see section 6, below.
2. We use your data to provide the best possible products and services to you. This includes:
1 - Providing and managing your Account;
 Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
2 - Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
3 - Supplying Our products and services to you;
4 - Personalising and tailoring Our products and services for you;
5 - Responding to communications from you;
6 - Supplying you with email contents e.g. newsletters, alerts etc. that you have subscribed to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by clicking an unsubscription link in the newsletter or contacting unsubscribe@bnesim.com;
7 - Market research;
8 - Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience;
3. In some cases, the collection of data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and We will be limited in the products and services We can provide you without your consent for Us to be able to use such data.
4. With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email]AND/OR telephone AND/OR text message AND/OR post with information, news and offers on Our products AND/OR services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015.
5. Under GDPR we will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following basis applies:
 you have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
- processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract;
- processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
- processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person;
- processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; and/or
- processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
6. How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
1. We only keep your data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 5, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it. In any event, We will conduct a periodic review to ascertain whether we need to keep your data. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it in accordance with the terms of our Data Retention Policy. Our Data Retention Policies are:
2. Some or all of your data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store or transfer data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the GDPR. Such steps may include, but not be limited to, the use of legally binding contractual terms between Us and any third parties We engage and the use of the EU- approved Model Contractual Arrangements.
3. Data security is of great importance to Us, and to protect your data We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
4. Steps We take to secure and protect your data include:
- Using appropriate technical and organisational steps, and will store it on our database within a secure network.
5. Notwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the internet.
7. Do We Share Your Data?
1. We may share your data with other companies in Our group.
2. We may contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
3. We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying information. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
4. In certain circumstances We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal information, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of Us.
8. What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
1. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
2. In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
9. How Can You Control Your Data?
1. When you submit information via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details AND/OR by managing your Account).
2. You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the Hong Kong: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
10. Your Right to Withhold Information and Your Right to Withdraw Information After You Have Given it
1. You may access Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
2. You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information, see section 12.
3. You may withdraw your consent for Us to use your personal data as set out in section in 5 at any time by contacting Us using the details set out in section 15, and We will delete Your data from Our systems.However, you acknowledge this may limit Our ability to provide the best possible products and services to you.
11. How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the legal right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please contact Us for more details at privacy@bnesim.com, or using the contact details below in section 14.
12. What Cookies Do We Use and What For?
1. Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. For more details, please refer to section 5, above, and to section 12.6 below. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
2. By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. We use third party Cookies on Our Site for analytics and advertising reasons. For more details, please refer to section 5, above, and to section 12.6 below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site.
3. All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current English and EU Privacy Laws.
4. Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. Hong Kong and EU Privacy Laws deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 12.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 12.10, but please be aware that Our Site may not work as intended if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
5. The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
affiliate, to track the origin of the customer click_id, to track the origin of the customer landing, to track the first destination of the customer lgac, to process authentication of the customer source_id, to track the origin of the customer PHPSESSID, session cookie
6. Our Site uses analytics services provided by Facebook, Google and Inspectlet. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the products and services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
7. The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) the following Cookies:
__insp_sid – by inspectlet.com – session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_ref – by inspectlet.com – session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_scpt – by inspectlet.com – session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_nv – by inspectlet.com – session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_wid – by inspectlet.com – session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_identity – by inspectlet.com – session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_uid – by inspectlet.com – long-term cookie that contains random ID assigned to visitor
__utmx, by Google, for analytics and advertisement __utmxx, by Google, for analytics and advertisement _ga, by Google, for analytics and advertisement _gid, by Google, for analytics and advertisement
_fbp, by Facebook, for analytics and advertisement
8. You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
9. You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
10. It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
13. Summary of Your Rights under GDPR
Under the GDPR, you have:
1. the right to request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by Us;
2. the right to complain to a supervisory authority;
3. be informed of what data processing is taking place;
4. the right to restrict processing;
5. the right to data portability;
6. object to processing of your personal data;
7. rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling (see section 14 below). To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us using the details set out in section 15 below.
14. Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
14.1 In the event that We use personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making and those decisions have a legal (or similarly significant effect) on You, You have the right to challenge to such decisions under GDPR, requesting human intervention, expressing their own point of view, and obtaining an explanation of the decision from Us.
14.2 The right described in section 14.1 does not apply in the following circumstances: a) The decision is necessary for the entry into, or performance of, a contract between the You and Us; b) The decision is authorised by law; or c) You have given you explicit consent.
14.3. Where We use your personal data for profiling purposes, the following shall apply: a) Clear information explaining the profiling will be provided, including its significance and the likely consequences; b) Appropriate mathematical or statistical procedures will be used; c) Technical and organisational measures necessary to minimise the risk of errors and to enable such errors to be easily corrected shall be implemented; and d) All personal data processed for profiling purposes shall be secured in order to prevent discriminatory effects arising out of profiling.
14.4 We currently make the following automated decisions:
Allow Filtering by any user fields present in the existing user profiles like: sex, languages, nationality, location, skills, etc.
14.5 We currently profile your personal data for the following purposes: Language. To ensure that you receive our emails and newsletters in your local language and/or relevant to the products and services we provide in your country.
Products and services. To ensure that we send you information that is relevant to you and the products and services you have purchased from us.
14.6. Contacting Us If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at privacy@bnesim.com, by telephone on +85258085312. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 11, above).
14.7. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
15. BNE Room
15.1 What personal information does BNE Room process?
To provide the BNE Room service, BNESIM Limited processes network and usage information including IP addresses for the meeting participants, the user specified URL used to host the meeting, and information about the phone numbers that connect to the meeting (if audio connection is made via a telephone call).  In some cases, meeting related content, which may contain personal information, is temporarily stored to enable user functionality in a BNE Room video meeting.  Examples include:
- If you use the chat function, chat content is stored during the meeting.
- If you record a meeting, the recording of the meeting is temporarily stored until it is uploaded to your file hosting service (e.g. DropBox).
- If you livestream your meeting, video content is temporarily stored to buffer the live stream.
- In addition, users of BNE Room have the option of providing name, email address, and link to a picture that will be displayed to participants in the meeting.
15.2 How is this information used?
BNESIM Limited is not in the business of selling personal information to third parties. BNESIM Limited uses this information to deliver theBNE Room service, to identify and troubleshoot problems with the BNE Room service, and to improve the BNE Room service.  In addition, BNESIM Limited may use this information to investigate fraud or abuse.
Input your search keywords and press Enter.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
English
Italiano
English