Top of Page
FEATURED
CONTACT
Support
Simple, easy to use Code Snippet Manager
CodeSaver
Simple, clean, easy to use
No ads
No Banners
No sign up
No cost
Unlimited snippets
Synced to iCloud
Edit, copy and share
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Joseph Ward built the CodeSaverapp as a Free app. This App is provided by Joseph Ward and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my App.
If you choose to use my App then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.  I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Any information you save in the App is retained on your device and in your iCloud account and is not collected by me in any way.
Log Data
I do not collect or store any log data from your device.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This App does not use these “cookies” and does not use third party code or libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
Service Providers
I do not employ third-party companies or individuals.
Security
Not applicable, I don't not collect or store any of your personal information
Links to Other Sites
This App does not contain any external links
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-11-30
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at joethermal@gmail.com.
FEATURED
CONTACT
Support
joethermal@gmail.com
Support