English
Italian
Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 18, 2019
La Roulette degli Animali ("us", "we", or "our") operates the La Roulette degli Animali mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy is managed by
Privacy Policy Generator
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service is the La Roulette degli Animali mobile application operated by La Roulette degli Animali
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
La Roulette degli Animali uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Italy and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Italy and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
La Roulette degli Animali will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
La Roulette degli Animali may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of La Roulette degli Animali
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: iosgonnellideveloper@gmail.com
Informativa sulla Privacy
Data di entrata in vigore: September 18, 2019
La Roulette degli Animali ("noi" o "nostro") gestisce il La Roulette degli Animali l'applicazione per dispositivi mobili (in appresso il "Servizio").
Questa pagina vi informa delle nostre politiche riguardanti la raccolta, l'uso e la divulgazione dei dati personali quando usate il nostro Servizio e le scelte che avete associato a quei dati. Questa Informativa sulla privacy è gestita da
Privacy Policy Generator
.
Utilizziamo i vostri dati per fornire e migliorare il Servizio. Utilizzando il Servizio, accettate la raccolta e l'utilizzo delle informazioni in conformità con questa informativa. Se non diversamente definito nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, i termini utilizzati nella presente Informativa hanno la stessa valenza dei nostri Termini e condizioni.
Definizioni
Servizio
Il Servizio è l'applicazione per dispositivi mobili La Roulette degli Animali gestita dalla La Roulette degli Animali
Dati personali
I Dati personali sono i dati di un individuo vivente che può essere identificato da quei dati (o da quelli e altre informazioni in nostro possesso o che potrebbero venire in nostro possesso).
Dati di utilizzo
I dati di utilizzo sono i dati raccolti automaticamente generati dall'utilizzo del Servizio o dall'infrastruttura del Servizio stesso (ad esempio, la durata della visita di una pagina).
Cookies
I cookie sono piccoli file memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo (computer o dispositivo mobile).
Raccolta e uso delle informazioni
Raccogliamo diversi tipi di informazioni per vari scopi, per fornire e migliorare il nostro servizio.
Tipologie di Dati raccolti
Dati personali
Durante l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio, potremmo chiedervi di fornirci alcune informazioni di identificazione personale che possono essere utilizzate per contattarvi o identificarvi ("Dati personali"). Le informazioni di identificazione personale possono includere, ma non sono limitate a:
Cookie e dati di utilizzo
Dati di utilizzo
Quando si accede al Servizio attraverso un dispositivo mobile, potremmo raccogliere automaticamente alcune informazioni, inclusi, ma non solo, il tipo di dispositivo mobile che si utilizza, l'ID univoco del dispositivo mobile, l'indirizzo IP del dispositivo mobile, il sistema operativo mobile, il tipo di browser Internet mobile che utilizzate, identificatori di dispositivo univoci e altri dati diagnostici ("Dati di utilizzo").
Tracciamento; dati dei cookie
Utilizziamo cookie e tecnologie di tracciamento simili per tracciare l'attività sul nostro Servizio e conservare determinate informazioni.
I cookie sono file con una piccola quantità di dati che possono includere un identificatore univoco anonimo. I cookie vengono inviati al vostro browser da un sito web e memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo. Altre tecnologie di tracciamento utilizzate sono anche beacon, tag e script per raccogliere e tenere traccia delle informazioni e per migliorare e analizzare il nostro Servizio.
Potete chiedere al vostro browser di rifiutare tutti i cookie o di indicare quando viene inviato un cookie. Tuttavia, se non si accettano i cookie, potrebbe non essere possibile utilizzare alcune parti del nostro Servizio.
Esempi di cookie che utilizziamo:
Cookie di sessione.
Utilizziamo i cookie di sessione per gestire il nostro servizio.
Cookie di preferenza.
Utilizziamo i cookie di preferenza per ricordare le vostre preferenze e varie impostazioni.
Cookie di sicurezza.
Utilizziamo i cookie di sicurezza per motivi di sicurezza.
Uso dei dati
La Roulette degli Animali utilizza i dati raccolti per vari scopi:
Per fornire e mantenere il nostro Servizio
Per comunicare agli utenti variazioni apportate al servizio che offriamo
Per permettere agli utenti di fruire, a propria discrezione, di funzioni interattive del nostro servizio
Per fornire un servizio ai clienti
Per raccogliere analisi o informazioni preziose in modo da poter migliorare il nostro Servizio
Per monitorare l'utilizzo del nostro Servizio
Per rilevare, prevenire e affrontare problemi tecnici
Trasferimento dei dati
Le vostre informazioni, compresi i Dati personali, possono essere trasferite a - e mantenute su - computer situati al di fuori del vostro stato, provincia, nazione o altra giurisdizione governativa dove le leggi sulla protezione dei dati possono essere diverse da quelle della vostra giurisdizione.
Se ci si trova al di fuori di Italy e si sceglie di fornire informazioni a noi, si ricorda che trasferiamo i dati, compresi i dati personali, in Italy e li elaboriamo lì.
Il vostro consenso alla presente Informativa sulla privacy seguito dall'invio di tali informazioni rappresenta il vostro consenso al trasferimento.
La Roulette degli Animali adotterà tutte le misure ragionevolmente necessarie per garantire che i vostri dati siano trattati in modo sicuro e in conformità con la presente Informativa sulla privacy e nessun trasferimento dei vostri Dati Personali sarà effettuato a un'organizzazione o a un paese a meno che non vi siano controlli adeguati dei vostri dati e altre informazioni personali.
Divulgazione di dati
Prescrizioni di legge
La Roulette degli Animali può divulgare i vostri Dati personali in buona fede, ritenendo che tale azione sia necessaria per:
Rispettare un obbligo legale
Proteggere e difendere i diritti o la proprietà di La Roulette degli Animali
Prevenire o investigare possibili illeciti in relazione al Servizio
Proteggere la sicurezza personale degli utenti del Servizio o del pubblico
Proteggere contro la responsabilità legale
Sicurezza dei dati
La sicurezza dei vostri dati è importante per noi, ma ricordate che nessun metodo di trasmissione su Internet o metodo di archiviazione elettronica è sicuro al 100%. Pertanto, anche se adotteremo ogni mezzo commercialmente accettabile per proteggere i vostri Dati personali, non possiamo garantirne la sicurezza assoluta.
Fornitori di servizi
Potremmo impiegare società e individui di terze parti per facilitare il nostro Servizio ("Fornitori di servizi"), per fornire il Servizio per nostro conto, per eseguire servizi relativi ai Servizi o per aiutarci ad analizzare come viene utilizzato il nostro Servizio.
Le terze parti hanno accesso ai vostri Dati personali solo per eseguire queste attività per nostro conto e sono obbligate a non rivelarle o utilizzarle per altri scopi.
Link ad altri siti
OIl nostro servizio può contenere collegamenti ad altri siti non gestiti da noi. Cliccando su un link di terze parti, sarete indirizzati al sito di quella terza parte. Ti consigliamo vivamente di rivedere l'Informativa sulla privacy di ogni sito che visiti.
Non abbiamo alcun controllo e non ci assumiamo alcuna responsabilità per il contenuto, le politiche sulla privacy o le pratiche di qualsiasi sito o servizio di terzi.
Privacy dei minori
Il nostro servizio non si rivolge a minori di 18 anni ("Bambini").
Non raccogliamo consapevolmente informazioni personali relative a utenti di età inferiore a 18 anni. Se siete un genitore o tutore e siete consapevoli che vostro figlio ci ha fornito Dati personali, vi preghiamo di contattarci. Se veniamo a conoscenza del fatto che abbiamo raccolto Dati personali da minori senza la verifica del consenso dei genitori, adotteremo provvedimenti per rimuovere tali informazioni dai nostri server.
Modifiche alla presente informativa sulla privacy
Potremmo aggiornare periodicamente la nostra Informativa sulla privacy. Ti informeremo di eventuali modifiche pubblicando la nuova Informativa sulla privacy in questa pagina.
Vi informeremo via e-mail e / o un avviso di rilievo sul nostro Servizio, prima che la modifica diventi effettiva e aggiorneremo la "data di validità" nella parte superiore di questa Informativa sulla privacy.
Si consiglia di rivedere periodicamente la presente Informativa sulla privacy per eventuali modifiche. Le modifiche a tale informativa sulla privacy entrano in vigore nel momento in cui vengono pubblicate su questa pagina.
Contattaci
In caso di domande sulla presente Informativa sulla privacy, si prega di contattarci:
Tramite e-mail: iosgonnellideveloper@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR plus with the requirements of Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy for your site and for your app.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy.
100% Free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue to Step 2 to Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy for your site & app
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you effectively protect your customers privacy while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the guidelines of the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
Features of the Free Privacy Policy Generator
1-minute questionnaire, free downloads to your PC, and more.
1-minute questionnaire
Our questionnaire takes only minutes. Start, answer our questions and your Privacy Policy is ready.
Compliance
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with the requirements of CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and others.
Guidance all the way
Our questionnaire is very easy to use and we're always here to help you if you have any questions. Just email us.
Download to your PC
Once you completed the questionnaire, you're free to download the Privacy Policy to your PC.
Free Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Answers to the most popular questions about our Free Privacy Policy Generator.
Yes, the Free Privacy Policy Generator is free to use. We provide free policies for websites and apps. You can choose to get our premium & professional Privacy Policy that includes more provisions & clauses to better protect your business, website or app.
Yes, we provide the HTML code of the Privacy Policy that you can simply copy-paste anywhere you'd like.
Yes, we provide free hosting for the Privacy Policy we help you create. You can link to your Privacy Policy from any website, regardless of the content management system or websit builder you use.
Yes, you can choose to include GDPR, CCPA + CPRA text to be added to your Privacy Policy.
How the Free Privacy Policy Generator works
Here's how easy it is to create a Privacy Policy.
01
Start the Free Privacy Policy Generator
02
Download the Free Privacy Policy
03
Add the Free Privacy Policy to your website