Privacy Policy
phantomdesign
2024-05-28T22:11:53+00:00
Privacy Policy
Virtual World Computing, LLC
5383 Hollister Ave., Suite 120
Santa Barbara, CA 93111
P: (703) 531-8875
Need More Info?
View additional questions & answers
Visit FAQs
Your privacy is important to us. TUSK Browser provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from you when you use TUSK Browser or visit the TUSK Browser website (https://www.TUSKBrowser.com). Together, we refer to the TUSK Browser and website, and any of our services as “Virtual World Computing, LLC Properties”. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that is provided to us through Virtual World Computing, LLC Services. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the TUSK Browser website.
What we do to protect your privacy?
We do not keep the searches on file or in a database
When do we share your information with others?
When we work with third parties we strip away any personal information to help protect your privacy
When processing or providing products and services to you, if third party entities receiving your information are contractually obligated to handle the data in ways that are approved by TUSK
Information We Collect
You may voluntarily provide us with information, including:
Information you provide when you contact us (for example, regarding support or employment opportunities); and
Any other information you voluntarily provide us with in registering and using the Service.
We automatically collect other information about you, including:
An identifier that is unique to the device on which you install the App and some device identifiers may be persistent device identifiers, as well as certain software and hardware information about your device;
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address;
Domain name of your Internet service provider;
Your geographic location;
The Service pages that you visit and the date and time of your visits;
Aggregated information that cannot be used to specifically identify you when you visit or use the Service
We may collect information about you from:
Third party social networking services;
Commercially available sources;
Our affiliates; and
Our third party business partners.
We may combine any of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
We may supplement any of the information we collect from or about you with other information.
Your direct feedback and comments are valuable, especially when combined with information automatically gathered about how you use TUSK services. To that end, TUSK collects key information that helps us improve the product and TUSK services. Some of this information may be personal information about you (e.g., your email address, sites you visit). We may also collect personal information in ways that don’t involve TUSK services – for instance, if you send us an email with your phone number in it. We also collect information about your use of TUSK services and the configuration of your system. While this information is collected anonymously, it may still be possible to associate the collected information with you (e.g., through heuristics or in combination with third-party data about you). However, it is our policy not to make such associations, and to make it difficult to determine such associations.
Search Data
When you use TUSK Browser search we don’t store your search keyword activity. We do not associate your personal information like IP address with the keywords you searched for. Additionally, should you click on a TUSK Browser search result link, we do not send your search information to the site that you are going to visit. This helps prevent online profiling which can lead to online censorship.
Search History
TUSK Browser does not store your search history. TUSK Browser does not use cookies to tie together your search history over longer periods of time. Any search information collected would be product data, not personal data. Using TUSK Browser for private searches helps eliminate the possibility of having your search history exposed either to the public or law enforcement. By not storing your keyword search history there is nothing to link to your IP address or other personal profile information.
Illegal Activity
Should illegal activities be detected or take place on TUSK Browser TUSK will fully comply with any court order legally requesting information.
If you don’t want us to collect this information, you have two options:
For periods during which you do not want information collected, open a TUSK Browser window in Private or Incognito Mode, which can be accessed from the TUSK toolbar or the menu on Windows and from the File menu on Mac. We never collect usage data from a window while it is in Incognito Mode.
Remove TUSK Browser from your system.
Among the kinds of information we collect, without limitation, are the following.
Which TUSK features you use and how often (for instance, how often you use the privacy or incognito mode)
The amount of time that TUSK Browser runs and the amount of time it’s active.
TUSK Browser crashes and associated conditions around the time of the crash.
What you’ve selected for certain TUSK Browser preferences and options (for instance, whether or not you run TUSK Browser in full-screen mode)
Which other Internet Browsers run on your system, and which Browser is set as the default Browser.
Your screen resolution, operating system version, CPU and memory configuration of your machine, and other configuration information.
The number of tabs you have open (but not the sites you have open in those tabs)
If you open a window in “Privacy” or “Incognito” mode, no data from that window will be collected or sent to TUSK, and all data from that window including history and cache generated by activity in that window will be deleted as soon as you close that window.
How We Use Your Information.
Aggregating Information. We may aggregate the Pseudonymous Information we collect with similar information collected from other TUSK users to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of TUSK services, and to analyze and understand how TUSK services are used. We may also use information you provide without aggregating it to serve you specifically; for instance, to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
Demographic Profiling. We might also use non-aggregated information for development or demographic profiling purposes, but any such use would not be personally identifiable.
Newsletters and Marketing. We also may use your Personal Information to contact you with TUSK newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you, either generally or in your capacity as a TUSK user. If you decide at any time you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or contact us as explaining in Your Data Protection Rights section below.
Log Data. When you visit the TUSK websites, whether you’re using TUSK or as a non-registered user just visiting, our servers automatically record information your Browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This is different from the information TUSK will send, here, we’re talking about information that’s automatically collected by our web server in order to show you pages on the TUSK web sites. This data is collected whether or not you use TUSK, but only when you visit our website. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, Browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to our Sites, pages of our Sites that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Sites, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Sites and the Service and for the Sites’ technical administration, to increase our Sites’ functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Sites meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Opt Out
Certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for interest-based ads. You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program here: http://www.youradchoices.com. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). The NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI members’ ad networks. To learn more about opting out of targeted advertising or to use the tool, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
You may opt-out of providing your location information to us when you are using mobile devices. If you do not want us to use your location information as described in this Privacy Policy, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings (if available) or in your mobile device settings. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your mobile device and mobile Browser settings.
If you do not want our mobile applications to collect any information from you, you should uninstall the application using the standard uninstall procedures that may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network where you obtained the mobile application.
Cookies
Like many websites, we may use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we may use persistent cookies to authorize you and ensure that only approved TUSK users may use the service. Second, we may use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Sites, to better understand how you interact with the Sites, and to monitor aggregate usage by TUSK users and web traffic routing on the Sites. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Sites and Service and then close your Browser. We have no third-party advertisers on our Sites today. You can instruct your Browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from any websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Sites or all functionality of the Services. To opt-out of certain cookies and for more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices and/or http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. TUSK cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties that we believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal processes (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of TUSK or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. We may also transfer your Personal Information to third party service providers that assist us with carrying out the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. Lastly, we may disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose to which you Consent.
Business Transfers
In the event TUSK (or any of its affiliates) goes through a business transition, such as a merger, consolidation, restructuring, acquisition by another company, sale or assignment of rights or assets or a portion thereof, or other company change, we may transfer users’ information, including Personal Information, and other business data in connection with that business transition (e.g., to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of TUSK, or any affiliates and trusted agents, service providers, or partners thereof), including during the course of any due diligence process.
Security
TUSK is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
TUSK uses physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, including advances firewall and password protection for our databases to help protect the security of information. For example, we restrict access to your information to employees that need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your data protection rights
Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
Our Policy toward Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
support@tusk.to
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Mobile Messaging Terms & Conditions
Virtual World Computing, LLC, (“We,” “Us,” “Our”) is offering a mobile messaging program (the “Program”), subject to these Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”). If you do not wish to continue participating in the program or no longer agree to these Terms, you can reply “STOP” to any mobile message from Us in order to opt out of the Program.
User Opt In: The Program allows users to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by users affirmatively opting into the Program. Regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the Program, regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the Program, you agree that these Terms apply to your participation in the Program. The mobile messaging service used by Us to communicate with you requires human intervention for Our mobile messages to be initiated, and thus Our mobile messages are not sent to you by an automatic telephone dialing system (“ATDS” or “autodialer”). Nevertheless, by participating in the Program, you agree to receive autodialed marketing mobile messages and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from Us.
Program Description: Without limiting the scope of the Program, users that opt into the Program can expect to receive messages concerning updates and information from Virtual World Computing, LLC.
Cost and Frequency: Message and data rates may apply. The Program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent based on your interaction with Us.
Contact Information: For support text “HELP” to any of Our mobile messages.
User Opt Out and Additional Commands: To opt out (discontinue participation in Program), reply “STOP” to any of Our mobile messages from your mobile device. This is the easiest and preferred method to opt out of the Program. You may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out. For additional support, text “HELP” to get help.
MMS Disclosure: The Program will send SMS MTs if your mobile device does not support MMS messaging.
Our Warranty: We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this Program. Delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator, and is outside of Our control. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered mobile messages.
Privacy Policy: We respect your privacy.  By opting into the Program or otherwise sharing your personal information with Us in connection with the Program, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and sharing of your information as further outlined in Our Privacy Policy.
Dispute Resolution: In the event that there is a dispute, claim or controversy between you and Us, or between you and any third-party service provider acting on Our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the Program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, these Terms, Our Privacy Policy, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim or controversy will be determined by arbitration in Las Vegas, Nevada before one arbitrator. The arbitration will be administered by JAMS. For claims greater than $250,000, the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures in effect at the time the arbitration is commenced will apply. For claims less than or equal to $250,000, the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules in effect at the time the arbitration is commenced will apply. The arbitrator will apply the substantive law of the Nevada, exclusive of its conflict or choice of law rules. Nothing in this paragraph will preclude the parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the provision in this paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16) will govern any arbitration conducted pursuant to these Terms. Either party may commence arbitration by providing to JAMS and the other party to the dispute a written demand for arbitration, setting forth the subject of the dispute and the relief requested (“Arbitration Demand”).
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the parties agrees that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, each party knowingly and irrevocably waives any right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
The appointed arbitrator may award monetary damages and any other remedies allowed by the state law designated above. In making his or her determination, the arbitrator will not have the authority to modify any term or provision of these Terms. The arbitrator will deliver a reasoned written decision with respect to the dispute (the “Award”) to each party, who will promptly act in accordance the Award. Any Award (including interim or final remedies) may be confirmed or enforced in any court having jurisdiction, including any court having jurisdiction over either party or its assets. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties, and will not be subject to appeal or review. Each party will advance one-half of the fees and expenses of the arbitrator, the costs of the attendance of the court reporter at the arbitration hearing, and the costs of the arbitration facility. In any arbitration arising out of or related to these Terms, the arbitrators will award to the prevailing party, if any, costs and attorneys’ fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with that aspect of its claims or defenses on which it prevails, and any opposing awards of costs and attorneys’ fees awards will be offset. The parties will maintain the confidential nature of the arbitration proceeding, the hearing and the Award, except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, or except as may be necessary in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy, or confirmation of an Award or its enforcement, or unless otherwise required by any applicable law. Any documentary or other evidence produced in any arbitration hereunder will be treated as confidential by the parties, witnesses and arbitrators, and will not be disclosed to any third person (other than witnesses or experts), except as required by any applicable law or except if such evidence was obtained from the public domain or is otherwise obtained independently of the arbitration.
Miscellaneous: You warrant and represent to Us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these Terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this Agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the Program shall be subject to these Terms unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing. We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time. Any updates to these Terms shall be communicated to you. You acknowledge your responsibility to review these Terms from time to time and to be aware of any such changes. By continuing to participate in the Program after any such changes, you accept these Terms, as modified.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties