HalaMe's Privacy Policy
Welcome to HalaMe (the “Platform” or “APP”). The Platform is provided
        and controlled by
KMH
TECHNOLOGY
PTE. LTD. (“HalaMe”, “we” or “us”)
.
This Terms of Service ("Terms") was written in English
        (US). This Terms is the legitimate agreement by and between You and
        HalaMe. To the extent any translated version of Terms agreement
        conflicts against the English version, this English version
        prevails.
The full legal bit
We know that other people’s use of your personal data is a big concern
        for social network users, so we at HalaMe have developed the Policy to
        let you know how we use personal information ('personal data' or
        'personal information'). We suggest you read it in conjunction
        with our Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”). When you access or
        use HalaMe, you agree to our Privacy Policy and you consent to our
        collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as
        we’ve set out in this Policy.HalaMe reserves the right to change this
        Policy at any time and without notice, so be sure to check this Policy
        regularly to understand how we use your information.By installing,
        using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to
        this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the
        processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.
        IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT
        ACCESS OR USE THE APP.
1.
What information does HalaMe collect?
A.
Information you provied to HalaMe
a.
Registration, Login, and Verification
information
When you register an account with HalaMe
using your mobile phone number
, you are required to provide us with the following information:
y
our mobile number and the SMS verification code
.
We will send a verification code via SMS to your mobile number,
        to verify your identity. If you do not provide the verification code you
        receive, the registration will fail, and as a result, you will not be
        able to use our Services. Please note that the mobile number you provide
        will be used as your user account for your subsequent use, and as your
        user’s identity credential when you log in.
Password: You need to set a login password for your account as login
        verification information.Date of Birth: Before you register a HalaMe
        account, you are required to provide us with your date of birth to
        assess whether you are qualified to register as a user. If you are a
        minor you shall not use HalaMe app or Services.Gender: When you register
        a HalaMe account, you are required to provide us with your gender in
        order to serve you with more targeted matching services based on the
        gender information you provide. If you refuse to provide such
        information, the registration will fail, you will not be able to use
        HalaMe app or Services.
b.
Your Profile
To join HalaMe you will provide us with information about you to make
        friends easier, such as your nickname, your gender, your date of birth.
        Because you control your user profile, these details are available to
        you at any time by accessing your “Profile” page, which gives you the
        chance to correct or update your information at any time by just logging
        in to HalaMe.
c.
Upload
ed
Content
When uploading Posts or commenting on other users’ Posts, you agree to
        share with us the text information posted, pictures, audio and video
        uploaded. If you do not want to provide such information, please do not
        use functions related to content publication.
Please be aware that
HalaMe is a free social application, which provide a platform for you
        to make friends easily. When using the Service you should assume that
        anything you post or submit will be publicly viewable and accessible,
        both by users of the Service and non-Users of the Service. The viewers
        may share your information to other sites, such as Facebook, Instagram,
        WhatsApp, etc. You can also use our messaging/charting features which
        allow you to communicate with other users in public and/or privately. We
        recommend and encourage you (and all our users) to think carefully about
        the information you disclose about yourselves. We also do not recommend
        that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone
        numbers, full names or addresses, credit card details, national identity
        numbers, drivers’ licence details and other sensitive information in
        your Profile which is open to abuse and misuse.Please be careful about
        posting sensitive details about yourself on you Profile such as your
        religious denomination and health details. When you post information
        about yourself or use messaging, the amount of personal information you
        share is at your own risk. If you post anything that is inconsistent
        with our Terms of Service we reserve the right to terminate your
        account.
d.
Chat
You may use HalaMe Services to chat with other registered users, freely
        choose between text chat and/or voice chat according to your need. We
        collect your activity information including with whom you have talked,
        at which time and for how long. Unless specifically required by
        applicable laws, we will not access to the chat content including your
        text and/or voice information. If you do not want to provide such
        information, please do not use functions related to chatting.
e.
Help & Support
If you have any feedback or suggestion or want to express your
        complaint to HalaMe app or services, you may provide your comments
        through “Mine” - “Settings”- “Help & Feedback” within our App. You
        will need to describe the issue, upload proof photos, text to help us
        understand your issues and find corresponding solutions. And we will
        receive your ticket of feedback also reply back.
B.
Personal information automatically collected during the use of our
          App
When you use HalaMe, we will collect certain information from your
        device, including device model, device ID (Android ID, IMEI, IMSI, Mac
        address), software list, device running status information, operating
        system version, network log, internet connection situation, software
        usage records and IP address. We collect such information to perform bug
        analysis and take anti-spam measures, to ensure your normal use of
        HalaMe, and to safeguard your account security. The information
        mentioned above is the basic information we need to provide you with our
        services. If you refuse to provide such device information, we may not
        be able to provide you with the normal services.We may also use the
        above mentioned information we collect automatically from your device to
        improve and optimize our product experience. In such circumstances, we
        will only process your device information based on your authorization
        and/or other available lawful basis provided in applicable data
        protection laws.
C.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you may provide us directly, we receive
        information about you from others, including:
Social Media you may decide to share information with us through
        your social media account, for instance if you decide to create and log
        into your HalaMe account via your social media or other account (e.g.,
        Facebook, Google Apple or
TikTok
)
2.
How we use your information
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in
        this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
a.
help you efficiently access your information after you sign in;
b.
remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your
        visit or the next time you visit the Service;
c.
provide personalized content and information to you and others, which
        could include online ads or other forms of marketing;
d.
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our
        Service;
e.
develop and test new products and features;
f.
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and
        demographic patterns;
g.
diagnose or fix technology problems;
h.
automatically update the APP on your device HalaMe or other Users may
        run contests, special offers or other events or activities
        ("Events") on the Service. If you do not want to participate
        in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e. hashtag)
        associated with that Event.
i.
We may use material that you post on the open access areas of HalaMe in
        advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner
        products. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better
        tailor your online experience to meet your needs.
3.
How we
share
your information
a.
We do not sell or rent out any personal information about you to any
        third party.
We may
discloses aggregated non-personal data for marketing and
        promotional purposes. That means we do not disclose any information that
        could be used to identify you.
b.
We may share aggregated information with such parties as Facebook that
        includes your personal information (but which doesn’t identify you
        directly), together with other information including log data with third
        parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling.HalaMe also
        wishes to maintain a healthy community, and we will cooperate with all
        third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other
        rights.
c.
We will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within
        and/or outside your country of residence. This may include disclosing
        your personal information to government or law enforcement agencies, or
        private parties, to protect the rights, property or safety of HalaMe and
        the users of APP, or to protect public interest when we have a good
        faith belief that disclosure is required by law or when we, in our
        discretion, believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal
        rights, or those of third parties and/or to comply with a judicial
        proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us. In such cases,
        we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to
        us.
d.
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or
        affiliates of our corporate group, to improve, optimize
HalaMe
and to prevent illegal use.
e.
We may share your Personal Information outside of
HalaMe
Services when we have your consent, either express or
        implied.
f.
Third party SDK provider:
HalaMe may incorporate third-party SDKs or similar applications. By
        using these third-party services on our platform, you consent to their
        direct collection and processing of your information, which may occur
        via embedded code or widgets. The information handling practices of
        these providers are governed by their own privacy policies, not this
        Policy. We, however, strive to assess these third parties for access
        qualifications and require compliance with legal, secure, and privacy
        standards. To best safeguard your information, we recommend reviewing
        each third-party provider’s privacy policy before using their SDKs. For
        your lawful rights and interests, if you identify any potential risks in
        these SDKs or applications, we encourage you to discontinue use
        immediately and contact us. For a complete list of third-party SDKs,
        please refer to:
https://www.halame.live/third-party-sdk-list
.
4.
Data storage
and Retention
A.
Storage:
HalaMe is a global social application operating through servers located
        in a number of countries around the world, including
Singapore
. If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of
        your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you
        enjoy in your country of residence. By submitting your personal
        information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by
        making use of the applications available on HalaMe, you agree to the
        transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of
        your personal information in, any such countries and destinations.
B.
Retention: We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep
          your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes
          data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from
          your use of our Services. In some cases we choose to retain certain
          information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or
          aggregated form.
5.
Security
HalaMe has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to
        protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information
        under our control, including your personal information. HalaMe uses
        reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your
        personal information such as secured servers using firewalls. Our
        technical experts at HalaMe work hard to ensure your secure use of our
        site.While we take reasonable precautions against possible security
        breaches of our website, member database and records, no website or
        Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that
        authorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never
        occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe
        (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.We
        cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being
        transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we
        have received your information we have procedures and security features
        in place to try to prevent authorized access.
You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it
        with any third parties. If you lose your password or give it out, your
        personal information may be compromised. If that happens, please report
        it to our customer service via Feedback. HalaMe cannot be held
        responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to
        do so may violate our Terms of Service.
6.
Deletion of
account
You may request deletion of your account at any time
.
Before you submit a request to delete your account (“Deletion
        Request”), ensure that your Account satisfies the following
        requirements:
a.
Account in Good Standing: Your account (including other related
        services, such as your Halame Wallet account) is in good standing and is
        not the subject of any ongoing investigations, penalties or allegations
        for violation of our terms of use and/or applicable laws and
        regulations;
b.
No outstanding transactions: You should not have any pending orders,
        payment obligations, refunds, deliveries, returns and/or disputes on the
        account. Your most recent order(s) must have been completed and
        delivered at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the date of this
        Deletion Request;
c.
Virtual Items balances(if applicable): There should not be any virtual
        items balances (including Diamonds, Rubies, Golds) for your Halame
        account. Please ensure that you have used up all Virtual Items balances
        in your account, alternatively, you have the option to forfeit the
        remaining balance to proceed with the account deletion process;
d.
any other criteria that Halame may notify you from time to time.
To delete your account
Open Halame App and log in, Tap Mine > Settings > Delete account
        > Select a reason for why you're deleting your account >
        Confirm to delete your account. or
Visit Halame official Website
www.halame.live
, Click “Delete Account” > Log in to Halame > Confirm to delete
        your account
Subject to satisfaction and/or waiver of the conditions for deletion as
        set out above, the Account  will be deleted immediately upon your
        request.
If you delete your account:
a.
You can't regain access to your account.
b.
Some information, such as messages, reviews, comments and other
        contents or information submitted by you to the Platform, are not stored
        in your Account. This means that other users may continue to have access
        to the messages you have sent and reviews, comments, or other contents
        you have posted on the Platform even after your Account has been
        deleted.
We may retain certain log data in our databases even after you delete
        your account, but such data will be disassociated from any identifying
        information such that it can no longer be linked to your account. To do
        this, on a regular basis, we wipe certain identifying information from
        this log data, and we replace any instance of your account ID with a
        replacement identifier which cannot be linked back to your account once
        it is deleted.
We may also keep your information for things like legal issues, terms
        violations, or harm prevention efforts.
Please further note that the deletion of your account is irreversible.
        You understand that upon the deletion of your account, we could no
        longer provide you with HalaMe
Services, or collect your personal information. Therefore, we would
        suggest you be careful when choosing to delete your account.
7.
Your rights
Some jurisdictions’ laws grant specific rights to
HalaMe
users, which are set out in this section. You may have all or
        some of the following rights set forth below according to applicable
        laws. We will respond to your request consistent with the applicable
        laws as soon as practicable, normally within one month, after proper
        verification procedures. Your exercise of these rights is usually free
        of charge, unless we deem it is chargeable under the applicable
        laws.
a.
Right to access
:
You may submit a request to access the Personal Information we collect
        about you by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
.
b.
Right to rectification
:
You may submit a request to rectify the Personal Information we collect
        about you by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
.
c.
Right to delete or erasure
:
You may submit a request to delete/erase the Personal Information we
        collect about you by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
. Though we cannot guarantee a complete erasure of your data that has
        been stored in our backup servers, we promise that we will not use the
        data within the backup servers for any other purpose.
d.
Right to data portability
:
You may ask us to transfer some of your Personal Information, if it is
        collected on the basis of your consent, in structured, commonly used and
        machine-readable formats to you or other environments designated by you,
        if technically feasible, by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
.
e.
Right to withdraw consent
:
You may withdraw your consent and ask us not to continue to collect or
        process your Personal Information at any time if that information is
        collected on the basis of your consent by (a) using Help or Feedback
        function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email. Your
        exercise of this right will not affect the processing activities that
        occurred before your withdrawal.
f.
Right to restrict processing
:
You may request us to stop processing your Personal Information if you
        believe such information is collected unlawfully or you have other
        reason by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
. We will examine your request and respond accordingly.
g.
Right to object
:
You may object to the processing of any Personal Information we collect
        about you, if such information is collected on the basis of legitimate
        interests, at any time by (a) using Help or Feedback function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
. Please note that we may reject your request if we demonstrate
        compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your
        interests and freedom or the processing is for the establishment,
        exercise, or defense of legal claims.
h.
Right concerning automated decision making and profiling
:
You may ask us to stop automated decision making or profile, if you
        believe such automated decision making and profiling has legal or
        similarly significant effect upon you by (a) using Help or Feedback
        function on
HalaMe
Services or (b) by sending your request to us via email at
support@halame.live
. We will examine your request and let you know if your request is
        applicable under the relevant laws and regulations.
In addition to the foregoing rights, you also have the right to lodge
        complaints to the competent data protection authority (“DPA”), usually
        the DPA of your home country.
8.
System permission inquired by HalaMe
As mentioned above, in order to provide you with HalaMe service, we may
        need to be granted permission to your system (not including permissions
        granted to third parties) to collect relevant personal
        information.
a.
Notification:
After you grant us permission to push notification, we will send you
        push notifications for you to receive and understand our notice in time.
        If you refuse to permit such access, you will not be able to receive our
        notifications.
b.
Access to photo album and storage
:
A
fter you grant us this access permission, we will access your photo
        album and use the storage function on your device. It will be used for
        you to upload texts, pictures, videos and other content in your device,
        and to cache the text, picture and video content generated during your
        use of HalaMe service. Please note that, we will not access your local
        storage content. If you refuse to grant us such access, you will not be
        able to use the functions that require this access permission.
c.
Access to microphone
:
After you grant us this access permission, we will use the microphone
        on your device and recognize the voice information you transmit. This
        access will be used to perform voice input and voice changing functions,
        and to collect and recognize voice information input while triggering
        such functions. If you refuse to permit such access, you will not be
        able to use the functions that require this access permission.
9.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
HalaMe
does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from
        children under the applicable age in your country or knowingly allow
        such persons to register unless it is upon the specific and highlighted
        consent of at least one of the parents or the legal representatives of
        the child. If you are a child as defined by any applicable law, please
        do not attempt to send any information about yourself to us without the
        permission of your parents or legal representatives, including your
        name, address, telephone number, or email address.
No child may provide any personal information to
HalaMe
without necessary permission from its parents or legal
        representatives. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to verify
        that the consent referred to above was given by the child's
        representatives, considering available technologies. When we learn that
        we have collected personal information from a child without verification
        of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as
        possible. Children's personal data may be collected without the
        consent mentioned above when collection is necessary to contact the
        parents or the legal representatives, used one single time and not
        stored, or for their protection, and under no circumstances shall the
        data be passed on to third parties without consents as provided herein.
        If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child,
        please contact us at
support@halame.live
.
10.
Miscellaneous
A.
Copyright Notice
All rights are reserved
by KHM Technology Pte. Ltd.
. All materials in APP are the property of HalaMe and are protected by
        the copyright laws all over the world. You are authorized to use HalaMe
        and its contents solely for your personal, non-commercial purpose unless
        receiving specific written permission from HalaMe.
B.
Disclaimer
HalaMe provide all materials in "as is" basis, and hereby
        disclaims any representations or warranties (expressed or implied) of
        any kind, including without limitation, any warranties of merchant
        ability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other
        violation of rights arising from the use, accuracy or reliability of
        materials of the Service or any sites linked out. You acknowledge any
        information transmitted may be intercepted. HalaMe does not warrant that
        its service or the servers which make the Service available or
        electronic communications transmitted are free from viruses, worms,
        horses and other items of a destructive nature.
C.
Links to Third Party Sites
There might be links direct you to third party web sites, these links
        are provided solely as a convenience for you. HalaMe does not endorse or
        make any representations or warranties about the contents, products,
        services available, or the security at such third party web sites.
D.
Safe Harbor Provision
The information you obtain while using HalaMe may contain certain
        forward-looking statements, plans and objectives with respect to the
        financial condition, operation and business of HalaMe and/or any of its
        affiliate.The forward-looking statements are only predictions and are
        not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements
        shall be subject to risks, uncertainties, and other uncontrollable
        factors include, but are not limited to, levels of consumer and business
        spending in major economies, the levels of marketing and promotional
        expenditures by HalaMe and its competitors, raw materials and employee
        costs, changes in future exchange and interest rates, changes in tax
        rates and technical changes, which could cause actual results materially
        different from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking
        statements.
E.
Limitation of Liability
HalaMe WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR
        RELATING TO THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE APP, ITS CONTENT OR
        LINKS,INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO
        ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DEFECTS, DELAY IN OPERATION OR
        TRANSMISSION, VIRUS, APPLICATION FAILURE, AND ALL OTHER DIRECT,
        INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN
        IF HalaMe HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. HalaMe’S
        TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND CAUSES OF
        ACTION,INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR
        OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF APP, ITS CONTENT OR LINKS, SHALL
        NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF USD 200 DOLLARS.
F.
Governing Laws
This Policy shall be governed by
Singapore
laws. The jurisdiction and venue of any actions arising out of,
        or relating to or in any way connected with your access and/or use of
        this site shall be exclusively.
G.
Prohibited Usage
You will not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or not
        allowed by HalaMe. You may not use our Service or its contents in any
        manner which could damage, disable,overburden, or interfere with any
        person to use this Service. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized
        access to the Service other accounts, computer systems or networks
        connection through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may
        not use or attempt to use this Service through any means unanticipated
        or intentionally made available by HalaMe.
H.
IP Protection
HalaMe respects intellectual property laws and has adopted the
        following policy toward intellectual property infringement on its
        products/services. Reporting Instances of Intellectual Property
        Violations If you believe that any materials or contents in HalaMe‘s APP
        infringe copyrights, trademarks, patents, or trade secrets (collectively
        “IP Right”), please send a notice of IP Rights infringement to
        HalaMe's agent with a physical signature of the owner of the IP
        Right that has been allegedly infringed.
a.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing,
        including its location on the HalaMe network, with sufficient detail so
        that HalaMe is capable of finding the material and verifying its
        existence. Please address your intention to remove the alleged infringed
        materials.
b.
Contact information, including your name, address, telephone number,
        and email address.
c.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed
        use is not authorized by the IP Right owner, its agent or law.
d.
A statement by you that the above information in your Notice is
        accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the IP Right owner
        or authorized to act on the IP Right owner's Behalf.
e.
Agree to undertake compensation responsibility to HalaMe for any false
        and incorrect information addressed in above statements.
I.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may periodically change this
Privacy Policy
to keep pace with new technologies, industry practices, and
        regulatory requirements, among other reasons. Your continued use of our
        products and services after the effective date of the
Privacy Policy
means that you accept the revised
Privacy Policy
. If you do not agree to the revised contact us
Privacy Policy
, please refrain from using our products or services and contact us to
        close any account you may have created.
Note: The latest version of the Privacy policy will be updated on:
https://www.halame.live/privacy-policy
J.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or its
        implementation, here is how you can reach us:
support@halame.live
.