Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Superhero City and its subsidiaries (&quot;Superhero City,&quot; &quot;we&quot; or &quot;us&quot;). This Privacy Policy applies to
information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and
services (collectively, the &quot;Services&quot;). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected
from: (1) web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third
parties, (2) mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and
operated by such parties, or (3) the on-line submission of resumes and employment applications in
connection with the Jobs section of our website.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising
the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as
by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an email notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about
our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information: We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile
device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile
network information and country.
Use Information: We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser
you use, access times, pages viewed, game play activity, interactions with other players, your IP address
and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Other Information Collected with Permission: Our mobile applications that are distributed through
various &quot;app&quot; stores may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your
mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your
authorization in accordance with your device operating system&#39;s permission process.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
· Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
· Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including
confirmations and invoices.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
· Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service.
· Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.
· Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or
features that match user profiles or activities.
· Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
· Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you
with better service.
· Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
· With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry
out work on our behalf.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable
law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
· If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or
policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Superhero City or others
· In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or
acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
· With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the
information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
· We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to
identify you
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook &quot;Like&quot;
button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use
of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the
settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information
about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing
features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics
services and provide you with other services, such as rewards programs and tournaments. These third
parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third
parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and
online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications
on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links
clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their
customers and clients. This information may be used by Superhero City, and these other companies
and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of
these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out the collection of and/or
sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice
can be found in the &quot;Your Choices&quot; section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not
responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
Security
Superhero City takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft,
misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Choices
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications (or &quot;alerts&quot;) to your mobile device to provide game
activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can
deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services
We have identified the provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we
use. Please see the links below to learn more about the data practices of our third-party service
providers (including opt-out mechanisms they may offer):
AdColony: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Google AdMob: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
UnityAds/Unity Analytics: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle: https://vungle.com/privacy/
Photon: https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en-US/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy
Audience Network: https://www.facebook.com/ads/manage/audience_network/publisher_tos/
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
tabigamesproduction@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it