Welcome to Photo Enhancer, a service provided by KallosSoft.com S.R.L., collectively referred to
                        as "KallosSoft", "Product", "Service", "Application" "we", "our" and "us".
Your privacy is important to us, so the goal of this policy is to be transparent about what
                        information KallosSoft collects, uses, and shares.
By using the Application you are consenting to the use of your information in the manner set out
                        in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not use Photo
                        Enhancer. If you have any questions or concerns, you can contact us at kallossoft@gmail.com
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APP. THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY
                        CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR SERVICES AFTER WE MAKE CHANGES IS DEEMED TO
                        BE ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use
                        or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
KALLOSSOFT.COM S.R.L. built the application: "AI Photo Enhance/Sharpen: Clear, Unblur Face Pics"
                        as an Ad/Subscription Supported app. It is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
Information Collection and Use
Photos to process
Our photo processing service is happening online which uses internet (Wi-Fi or mobile data)
                        and it cannot work offline (i.e. Airplane mode). Before uploading, the photos are being
                        compressed, making it faster, using less mobile data. After the process is done, the photos
                        are downloaded only to your local device and permanently removed from our servers.
Your photos are stored anonymously, in other words it's technically impossible to link the photo
                        to the author. We do not disclose your photos, which you have uploaded for processing, to any
                        third-party services.
Some options use special face recognition technologies to detect a face or faces in a photo,
                        find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect or feature), and apply
                        the effect to your photo. No facial data will be collected in this process.
Device Id
Unsubscribed users have a daily limit of 5 photos to process. We hold the right to change this
                        number for given occasions. To make sure that this system is not abused, we collect the device
                        id to tell how many times you processed photos already. This data is fully anonymous and not
                        used for any other purpose than counting your processes.
Third parties
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
- Managing the app and subscriptions
Apple Services
- Managing the app and subscriptions
Firebase Analytics
- Usage and behaviour analyzer
Firebase Crashlytics
- Crash reporting for improvements
AdMob
- Serving ads
IronSource
- Serving ads
Amplitude
- User behavior analytics
RevenueCat
- Purchases handler
OneSignal
- Notifications service
Who we share your data with
We may share your data in the following ways:
Providing you the Service
:
                        We use the info that you provide us to provide the Service to you.
Improve Our Service
:
                        We monitor the information to help us improve the Service and our users experience (i.e. total
                        number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns...)
Third-party Partners
:
                        Mentioned above
Compliance with Law
:
                        To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may disclose any
                        information about you to law enforcement officials or government or private parties as we
                        believe is necessary or appropriate to investigate, respond to, and defend against claims, for
                        legal process, to protect the property and rights of us or a third party,
                        to protect us against liability, for the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop
                        any illegal, unethical, fraudulent, abusive, or legally actionable activity, to protect the
                        security or integrity of the Service and any equipment used to make the Service available, or to
                        comply with the law.
Business Transfers
:
                        We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets in
                        connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or similar transaction,
                        or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any
                        such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from
                        that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we
                        collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
                        This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
                        device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our
                        Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
                        identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored
                        on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party
                        code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services.
Google Ads
To personalize the content of promotional communications relating to products and services
                        offered by third parties on Google AdMob. You can find more information on how Google AdMob
                        processes your personal data by visiting
Google's Privacy &
                            Terms
.
You may opt out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting
Google's Ads Settings
.
The Same applies to IronSource and MoPub.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
                        commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission
                        over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
                        guarantee its absolute security.
Links of other services
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will
                        be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore,
                        we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
                        and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
                        third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
                        personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a
                        child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our
                        servers. If you are a parent or guardian, and you are aware that your child has provided us
                        with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary
                        actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                        periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
                        Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-02-18
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                        us at kallossoft@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps