Hypercube
Privacy Policy
It is Hypercube GFX, Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies hypercube.graphics (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "hypercube.graphics"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Hypercube GFX, Inc. – by purchasing Hypercube GFX, Inc.'s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Hypercube GFX, Inc. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Hypercube GFX, Inc.. Hypercube GFX, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Hypercube GFX, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Hypercube GFX, Inc.'s sole discretion. Hypercube GFX, Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.