Share by:
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://applegreenstores.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy and how we protect it.
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data and keep it safe.
Who are we?
We are Applegreen Limited (referred to in this Privacy Notice as “
Applegreen”
).  You can find out how to contact us below.  For simplicity throughout this notice, ‘we’ and ‘us’ means Applegreen.
Your Privacy is important to us.
In the course of our dealings with you, we will collect and process personal information about you. Personal information includes any information allowing us to identify you as an individual, for example, your name, your email address or your telephone number.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will use your personal information in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations that relate to data protection and privacy, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Personal Data we may collect
Your name, address, email address and telephone number.  We’ll also keep an encrypted record of your login password. The information gathered will help Applegreen establish your account and ensure the security of your account.
Your image may be recorded on CCTV when you visit any of our sites.  Please ask for our CCTV Policy.
Your car number plate may be recorded at some of our car parks to manage parking restrictions.
Details of your shopping preferences
Details of your visits to our websites or apps, and which site you came from to ours.
Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser. Learn more about Cookies
here.
Personal details which help us to recommend items of interest
Payment card information.
To deliver the best possible web experience
and for security and fraud prevention, Applegreen may collect information about your mobile device, including for example the IP address, hardware model, operating system, version, who your mobile network operator is and any other relevant network information
, technical information about your internet connection and browser as well as the country and telephone code where your device is located, any web pages viewed during your visit, any advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms you may enter.
Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
If you dispose of or pass on your mobile device, we strongly urge you to restore it to its factory settings. If the device is lost or stolen, you must contact Applegreen so we can amend our records accordingly.
When we use your Personal Data – the Legal Basis
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
– In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.  For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters.
Contractual obligations
– in certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
Legal compliance
– if the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.  For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity.
Legitimate interest
– in specific situations, we may process your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
With your consent, or when you shop with us and do not choose to opt out from receiving our emails (‘soft opt in’) we will use your personal data, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, web, and SMS about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on. This is only applicable in the UK.
We want to give you the best possible customer experience. One way to achieve that is to get the richest picture we can of who you are by combining the data we have about you.  We may then use this to offer you promotions, products and services that are most likely to interest you. In the case of loyalty scheme members, we may also offer you relevant rewards.
The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.
Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, you will find details in the ‘What are my rights?’ section below.
Here’s how we use your Personal Data
Legitimate Interest
Performance of a Contract
Legal Obligation
Consent
1.
Operation of scheme
X
X
X
2.
Marketing communications
X
3.
Identification of offers
X
4.
Customer research and surveys
X
5.
Statutory obligations – Anti Money laundering, Fraud prevention or detection.
X
6.
Business management to other entities within the Applegreen Group
X
7.
Legal or Regulatory compliance including litigation and defence of claims
X
8.
Drive offs – Customer drives off without paying or customer has no method of payment
X
9.
Accidents on site
X
X
10.
Fuel Cards
X
11.
CCTV footage
X
12.
Complaints – Site and Head-Office
X
13.
Food Deliveries
X
13.
To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement
X
14.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our service
X
15.
To administer any of our prize draws or competitions which you enter
X
16.
To develop, test and improve the systems, services and products we provide to you
X
17.
For any Loyalty App members, to decide which information to show you, with the help of computer algorithm
X
18.
For any Loyalty App members, to provide you with tailored offers
X
19.
Address any claims made against us.
X
20.
Carry out security checks to prevent, detect and protect you and us against fraudulent or criminal activity
X
How do we protect your Personal Data?
We know how much data security matters to all our customers.  Therefore, Applegreen has implemented technology and policies to ensure the protection from the unauthorised access and use of your personal data. We may use encryption for some of our services or apply authentication and verification to access our App or website. This encryption, verification and authentication are tested regularly to measure the effectiveness of our security systems.
We also regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.
Who do we share your Personal Data with?
Your privacy is important to Applegreen.  On occasion we may share your data with trusted third parties including subsidiaries of the Applegreen group, business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors in the performance of any contract we enter on your behalf.  Examples include IT companies who support our website, App and other business systems, direct marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you, and Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet (based on either your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our website or App).
If we share your data with such trusted third parties, we ensure it is kept safe.  Your privacy is protected by us complying with the following:
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them.
We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.
If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.
Applegreen may also disclose your personal data for the purposes of complying with legal and regulatory requirements, such as for the prevention or detection of fraud such as law enforcement (Court Orders) or any other regulatory body.
Applegreen uses social buttons provided by services like Twitter and Facebook. Your use of these services is entirely optional. Applegreen is not responsible for the privacy policies/ practices of these third-party services and you are wholly responsible for reading and understanding those third-party privacy policies.
How long we retain your Personal Data?
Applegreen will retain your personal data only for as long as it legally required to fulfil the purpose that it was collected.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
Transfer of Data out of the European Economic Area
Where the personal data has been transferred to companies within the Applegreen group or to other authorised third parties located outside of the EEA, Applegreen takes the appropriate organisational, contractual and legal measures to ensure your personal data is used exclusively for the purposes outlined in this document and that adequate security is implemented to ensure your personal data is secure.
Our use of Cookies
Cookies are also used for the purposes of the applications functionality and for optimising your browsing experience.  In order to log into your account online or in the App, Applegreen may use cookies to store session information of our convenience.  These cookies can be blocked or deleted by you at any time.
See our cookies policy
here
for more information.
Your Rights
You have the right to request the following:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction or deletion of your personal data (as long as there is no legitimate overriding purpose or legal requirement to retain it).
That we stop processing your personal data, in specific circumstances; for example, when you have withdrawn consent, or object for reasons related to your individual circumstances.
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
Restriction of the use of your personal data, in specific circumstances, generally while we are deciding on an objection you have made.
Your data in a digital form for transmission to another party if technically feasible.
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
How to contact us
For any queries regarding this Privacy Notice or how Applegreen handles your personal data, or if you would like to exercise any of the rights set out in
the section
“Your rights”
,
please contact us using one of the methods below.
Ireland and United Kingdom
Electronic request:
Please complete our webform
here
.
Email:
DPO@applegreen.ie
Post:
Data Protection Officer,
Applegreen,
Unit 17, Joyce Way,
Parkwest,
D12F2V3
Ireland
Complaints
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervising authority for your country, as follows:
Ireland
United Kingdom
Email:
dpo@dataprotection.ie
Phone:
+353 (0)761 104 800 or +353
(0)57 868 4800
Post:
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Website:
www.dataprotection.ie
Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
Phone:
0303 123 1113
Post:
Information Commissioner’s
Office,
Wycliffe House,
Water Lane,
Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
United Kingdom
Website:
www.ico.org.uk
If you are based outside the UK or Ireland, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third-party websites that you may access via the Applegreen website. Applegreen recommends that you read the privacy notices of any other websites you may be directed to as Applegreen is not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party websites, which could be different to that of Applegreen.
Applegreen reserve the right to update this Privacy Notice at any time. The company will notify you of any substantial changes to this Privacy Notice. Applegreen may also notify you in other ways also about how we process your Personal Data.
Last updated May 2021
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://welcomebreak.co.uk/about/privacy-policy/:
0
Keyboard Navigation
Dark Mode / Contrast
Increase Text Size
Decrease Text size
Highlight Titles
Highlight Links / Buttons
Underline Links / Buttons
Back
Back
Home
Plan Your Break
Find your Welcome Break
Opening Times
Leisure Breaks
Business Stops
Coaches
Hauliers
Caravans
EV Charging
Offers & Discounts
Accessibility
Brands
View all brands
Burger King
Chopstix
Days Inn
GRIDSERVE Electric Highway
Fuel & Forecourts
GameZone
KFC
Krispy Kreme
PizzaExpress
Pret A Manger
Ramada
Starbucks
Starbucks Drive-Thru
Starbucks – We Proudly Serve
Subway
Tesla
The Good Breakfast
Waitrose & Partners
WHSmith
Our Locations
View all locations
Abington – M74
Birchanger Green – M11
Burtonwood – M62
Cardiff Gate – M4
Charnock Richard – M6
Corley – M6
Derby – A50
Fleet – M3
Gordano – M5
Gretna Green – A74M
Hartshead Moor – M62
Hopwood Park – M42
Keele – M6
Leicester Forest East – M1
London Gateway – M1
Membury – M4
Michaelwood – M5
Newport Pagnell – M1
Oxford – M40
Peartree – A34
Rotherham – M1
Rothwell Truck Stop – A14
Sarn Park – M4
Sedgemoor North – M5
South Mimms – M25
Telford – M54
Warwick North – M40
Woodall – M1
Ballymena (Applegreen) – Northern Ireland A26
Lisburn North (Applegreen) – Northern Ireland M1
Lisburn South (Applegreen) – Northern Ireland M1
Hillsborough (Applegreen) – Northern Ireland A1
Temple Partrick (Applegreen) – Northern Ireland M2
Cromwell (Applegreen) – A1
Darrington (Applegreen) – A1
Fosseway (Applegreen) – A46
Kate’s Cabin (Applegreen) – A1
Spalding (Applegreen) – A16
Spaldwick (Applegreen) – A14
Whitley (Applegreen) – A49
Wyboston (Applegreen) – A1
Baldock (Extra) – A1M
Beaconsfield (Extra) – M40
Cobham (Extra) – M25
Leeds Skelton Lake (Extra) – M1
FAQs
Opening Times
Hotels
About Us
Sustainability – Drive Change Strategy
People
Employee Engagement & Participation
Diversity, Inclusion, Equality & Belonging
Policies
Mental Health Support
Training & Development
Planet
Carbon
Energy
Waste
Environmental Education and Community Engagement
Electric Vehicles
Partnerships
Sourcing and Supply Chain
Our Brand Partners and ESG
Hotels and ESG
Tax Strategy
In Partnership With Applegreen
Charities and Communities
Welcome Break Charitable Fund
Our Other Charity Partners
Our Brands and Charitable Partnerships
Wider Commitments to the Community
Our Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Customer Enquiries
Press Enquiries
Welcome Break Privacy Notice
Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Welcome to the privacy policy of Welcome Break Limited (collectively referred to as
Welcome Break/we/us/or
in this privacy policy) for our websites at
welcomebreak.co.uk
and
hotels.welcomebreak.co.uk/
(
Sites
).
Your privacy is very important to us, and we are committed to protecting your personal data.
Welcome Break is open and transparent about what we do with your information; we only keep what is necessary with a vision to provide you with a better service.
This policy is here to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Sites services, products and mobile app and aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of the Sites.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so, that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
We want to offer you a real choice and control over your data and want to build your trust and engagement with us, so we designed this policy to tell you about how we process, store, disclose, collect, receive, and make use of your personal information, and how to request for your data to be removed.
We want to clarify that the website is here for those above the age of eighteen (18) and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Also, we do not collect information about criminal convictions, employee data or about customers who wish to self-exclude from our adult gaming centres.
Data Controller
We are the controller and responsible for your personal data. We have appointed a data protection officer (
DPO
) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about it, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact our DPO using the details set out below.
DPO Contact email:
dpo@welcomebreak.co.uk
Lawful basis for processing information
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to
perform the contract,
we are about to enter or have entered with you.
where it is necessary for our
legitimate interests
(or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to
comply with a legal obligation
.
Please go to the
Glossary
at the end of this policy to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally, we do not rely on
consent
as a legal basis for processing your personal data, although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message.
You can remove your consent at any time. Just send an email to
dpo@welcomebreak.co.uk
.
Purpose Limitation & Retention Period
Welcome Break Ltd (and any or all its holding or subsidiary companies) will store your personal data to provide you with details about our goods and services, for administration and customer services, for marketing, and to ensure that the content, services, and advertising that we offer are tailored to your needs and interests.
Welcome Break will only keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes and those described in more detail below (under the heading
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
). We may need to share your information with our service providers and agents for these purposes. We may disclose personal data to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We may transfer the data that we collect from you to a destination outside of the United Kingdom (
UK
) and the European Economic Area (
EEA
). By submitting your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.  For further information about how we deal with your data when transferring it outside of the UK, please see the
Glossary
.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal basis on which we are relying to process your personal data where more than one basis has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including legitimate interests
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver services, such as:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(c) Responding to your communications with us through social media.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to provide customer service)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To monitor access to our adult gaming centres to ensure that U18s do not access the areas, and identify those individuals that have asked us to monitor their attendance at our adult gaming centres and those who we know to be a threat to the safety of our customers, employees and property.
To carry out interventions in our adult gaming centres as we deem necessary.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(b) Consent
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure the safety of our customers, employees and property)
To count how many people visit our sites and to better understand their movements while they are visiting our sites.
(a) Identity
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to enhance operational efficiency, improve customer service, and drive sales through better understanding of visitor behaviours and patterns)
To identify visitors who we know to be a threat to the safety of our customers, employees and property and to ensure that they do not access our sites.
(a) Identity
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure the safety of our customers, employees and property)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business) for your benefit
To prevent unauthorised individuals from accessing secure areas of our sites.
(a) Identity
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure the safety and security of our property)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain uses of personal data, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established a privacy centre where you can view and make certain decisions about your personal data by going to
https://datapreferences.airship.co.uk/?a=welc
currently hosted by Airship.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by (1) logging into your account and checking or unchecking relevant boxes in our Privacy Centre to adjust your marketing preferences] (2) by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or (3) by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us because of purchasing service from us (e.g., the sending of an order or booking confirmation) or other related transactions.
Use of Google Ad Services
We use a number of Google products to serve internet advertising when people carry out searches using Google's search engine. We do not process any personal data about you, but rather use the Google products to serve adverts on users that meet certain criteria (for example when a user is searching for a hotel in a particular area for that night). We receive information on whether a recipient of the advert went on to make a booking with us, but we can't identify you as an individual from the information that we collect. Third party cookies (or similar technologies such as web beacons) may be deployed as a result of this service. Please see our Cookie Policy [include link] for more information about our use of cookies.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
What personal information do we collect?
In general, when you (
User
) visit our web sites and access information, you remain anonymous. Before we ask you for information, we will explain how this information will be used. We will not provide (and will never sell) any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your consent.
There are occasions where we will ask for additional information. We do this to be able to better understand your needs and provide you with services that we believe may be valuable to you.
When you visit one of our Sites, you may provide us with two types of information:
personal Information you provide to us on an individual basis.
website usage information collected as you and others browse our website.
The type of data collected, stored, used, and transferred may be the following:
Identity Data
: personal details and vehicle identity data (e.g. car registration number).
Contact Data:
includes billing address, emails address and telephone number(s).
Usage Data
: such as location
Profile Data
: such as username and password
Financial Data:
includes bank account and payment card details, which may be used for the purposes of transaction analysis only.
Transaction Data
: includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Marketing and Communications Data
such as marketing and communication preferences in respect of third parties
Technical Data
: internet protocol (IP) address, browser, log in data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our Sites.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). Some of the data captured above will constitute personal data, as defined under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (
UK GDPR
) and Data Protection Act 2018 (
DPA
) and which we shall refer to below as
Data
from now on.
We also collect, use, and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Special Category Data
We do not intentionally collect any details about your race or ethnicity, health and genetic data, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual preferences, political group participation, trade union membership or criminal record.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you at the time if this is the case.
Your consent
By using our Sites, you consent to our collection and use of your Information as described in this privacy policy. If we change our privacy policy or any related procedures, we will post those changes on our Sites to keep you aware of them.
Facial Recognition Technology at our Adult Gaming Area at Welcome Break Sites
We use facial recognition system in the adult gaming centres at our sites to help evaluate the age of customers, We do not allow children (U18s) within this area and employees are notified if a child is using the area so that they can be removed. Any facial images taken by a camera dedicated to facial recognition and analysed are not stored by us. The facial recognition system is also used to identify individuals that have asked us to monitor their attendance at our adult gaming centres and those who we know to be a threat to the safety of our customers, employees and our property. Any facial images taken by a camera dedicated to facial recognition are only analysed for a few moments, they do not get stored and are not used by Welcome Break for any other purposes other than those set out above.
Interventions at our
Adult Gaming Area at Welcome Break Sites
In accordance with our obligations under the Gambling Commission's Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice, we are required to intervene have a number of obligations
If you have chosen to self-exclude from our adult gaming centres, we may also use the vehicle registration number that you provide to us as part of the self-exclusion signup process to notify us that you may be on site to help us ensure that we are efficiently carrying out any intervention that you have requested from us. This information will be shared with us by Parkingeye, who manage our car parks for us.
We may also use anonymous analytics information from our gaming machines to establish whether we (at our discretion) ask whether the user of a particular machine needs a break from using our machines. The information collected is linked to a session on a gaming machine and we can only identify you as the player at that machine at the time that one of our employees enters the adult gaming centre. We do not link any of the information about a session on our gaming machines to identify you for any other purpose and we don't keep a record that any individual was playing during a particular session, only that an intervention took place.
Use of Facial Recognition Technology, Heat Mapping and Age and Gender Recognition Technology
We use facial recognition technology at our sites to help count the number of visitors to our sites and to differentiate between new and returning visitors. This technology provides us with insights into unique visitor counts so we can understand visitor patterns, optimise staffing levels, and measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. We also use this technology to estimate demographic information about visitors to our sites (approximate age and gender). This statistical information helps us identify trends and adapt our sites to improve visitor experience. All demographic information is estimated, is not linked to you as an individual, and is used simply to help us identify trends within the anonymous data. We also use facial recognition technology to identify visitors who we know to be a threat to the safety of our customers, employees and property and to ensure that they do not access our sites.
The facial recognition technology we use anonymises personal data captured by CCTV by blurring and masking individual faces and other identifying features. All personal data is also initially processed on the "edge", meaning on our cameras or local servers, which ensures that only essential data is processed further.  You can ask us to stop processing your personal data in this way at any time by contacting us at any time.
We also use heat mapping technology to gain greater insight about how our visitors interact with and move around our sites. We use technology to analyse a blurred overlay of the CCTV (which you can't be identified from) on our sites. This technology tracks visitor movement to provide anonymised statistical heat mapping of where our visitors have been on our sites. This statistical information helps us identify trends and adapt our sites to improve visitor experience. The technology can't be used to track any specific individual and only provides us with general statistics about our visitor base as a whole. All of the data collected is completely anonymous and as a result your personal data is not processed. All demographic information is estimated, is not linked to you as an individual, and is used simply to help us identify trends within the anonymous data.
Use of Facial Recognition Technology as part of an access control system
We use facial recognition technology at our sites to prevent unauthorised individuals from accessing secure areas such as IT areas and server rooms. The facial recognition technology we use is positioned at the doors to these secure areas. The cameras scan individual faces which come within 20cm of the cameras and the facial recognition technology determines whether or not the individual is permitted to access the secure area. If a member of the public seeks to access a secure area, the system may scan them if they come close enough to the secure door scanning area. Our access logs will record that unauthorised access was attempted but we will not retain any images of unauthorised individuals who are scanned by the system and denied access.
The use of AI technology to track stock levels
We may also AI technology to track the availability of products offered for sale at our sites and to alert staff to the need to restock products where there are gaps. This mechanism utilises “machine vision” technology to analyse a video feed and identify product availability. This is to ensure operational efficiency and to improve the service we offer to our customers. This technology will not involve the collection and/or processing of personal data or biometric data.
Circumstances where data collection takes place:
Your personal data is collected by us in the following circumstances:
when you provide your personal details to use our Wi-Fi network, make a booking, send us emails, purchase products or services, use our parking, stay at out hotels, participate at promotions, sign up to marketing emails, newsletters, take part in customer surveys, give feedback, order items, contact us via telephone, request information, interact with us to supply services, or open an account for making purchases from us, and/or make a purchase using credit or debit card;
when you visit our sites, a CCTV image is recorded at the forecourt, hotel lobby, petrol station, certain HGV car parks and drive through areas and your vehicle registration number is also recorded by a third party which looks after our car park. Their ANPR (automatic number plate recognition) system will capture your vehicle registration number automatically as you enter and exit the sites.
if you require medical assistance, suffer an accident or loss, need urgent care or police support.
when you access our Sites and/or app or interact with us on social media platforms.
if your information is shared with us by a third party such as booking.com or expedia.com.
if you are not happy about our services and make a complaint or ask a third party to act or on your behalf to investigate an incident.
Third parties or publicly available sources
. We will also receive Data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Identity, Contact and Transaction Data
when you make a reservation for a hotel that we operate. We receive the data from the third parties that manage reservations for the hotels that we operate. For example, if you book a Wyndham hotel (either with Wyndham directly or on a hotel booking site) that we operate on behalf of Wyndham, we will be provided with data about you by the organisation that you booked with to allow us to fulfil and manage your reservation.
Technical Data
from the following parties:
(i)         analytics providers such as Google based outside the UK (see further below)
(ii)        advertising networks based inside or outside the UK
(iii)       search information providers based inside or outside the UK
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data
from providers of technical, payment and delivery services
Identity and Contact Data
from data brokers or aggregators based inside and outside the UK
Identity and Contact Data
from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the UK.
The above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of when your personal data is recorded but aims to give several common situations in which it can occur.
Data Security
We maintain the highest standards of security. However, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Whilst we will do our best to protect your Information, we cannot ensure the security of your data transmitted to our Sites. Any information you submit is sent at your own risk. Once we have received your Information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Our system is regularly scanned for vulnerabilities by our IT consultants. We use data encryption/redaction and various other security measures and features to keep your data safe, as well as multi-factor authentication for data transfers. Please see the
Glossary
and our
Data Security Policy
for further information.
Cookies
Cookies are an essential part of the Internet, if they weren’t around, webpages would be a lot less useful and interactive. For information about our use of cookies and how to manage them, please see our
Cookies Policy
Like other commercial websites, our Sites use a technology called “cookies” (see further below) and web server logs to collect information about how our Sites are used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of your visit, the page(s) viewed, time spent, and the websites visited just before and just after visiting one of our Sites.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
How do we use the information we collect from cookies?
As you browse one of our Site(s), it uses cookies to differentiate you from other users to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements. Cookies, in conjunction with our web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our website and which parts of the website are most popular. This helps us gather feedback so that we can improve our website and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal Information about you and we do not generally store any personal Information that you provided to us in your cookies.
To manage cookies, you may:
Allow all cookies.
Delete or block all cookies.
Open a ‘private browsing’ / ‘incognito’ session.
Block ‘third-party’ cookies.
Clear all cookies when the browser gets closed.
Install add-ons and plugins to extend browser functionality.
Mode and place of processing Data
Methods of processing:
as Data Controller, we process Data in a proper manner and take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of Data. Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In some instances,
Access to Data
: Data may be accessible by persons involved in the operation of the site (such as administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors by the Owner. An updated list of these third parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place of Processing:
Data is processed at the Data Controller’s offices and in any other places where the parties involved with processing of Data are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Use of collected Data.
Data concerning Users is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes:
Analytics
and
Contacting the User
.  Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Analytics
The services mentioned in this section enable us to monitor and analyse web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behaviour.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.):
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (
Google
). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine use of our Sites and to prepare reports on its activities. Google may use the Data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected by Google
: cookies and usage data.
Place of processing
: United States.  For details of how Google processes your data, please see its
.
If you do not wish your Data to be used by Google Analytics, you can opt out of this by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
.
Contacting the User
Contact form:
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User agrees to the use of these details to reply to requests for information, complaints, feedback, or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected:
email address, first name and last name, phone number, additional information added by user, including locations visited and times of visits.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms:
Facebook Like and share buttons including social widget, Twitter Tweet button including social widget.
Personal Data:
Cookies and Usage Data
Journey Planner: The
journey planner allows the user to enter from and to points for planning a journey or location (postcode, town, or city). No entered user data is stored by the application.
Newsletter Signup
Smart Focus UK Ltd provides the email address management and message sending service on behalf of Welcome Break Holdings Ltd.
Personal Data:
email address, first and last name.
Place of processing:
UK – see SmartFocus’
Data Policy
and
Privacy Policy
Property Management System
Guestline UK hosts the property management system on behalf of Welcome Break Holdings Ltd and holds all user personal data within their systems.
Personal Data:
email address, first and last name, telephone number, address, and payment details.
Place of processing:
UK – see Guestline’s
Data Policy
and
Privacy Policy
Links:
We link to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these sites, or for the way in which information about their users is treated. Unless expressly stated, we are not agents for these sites, nor are we authorised to make representations on their behalf.
System logs and maintenance:
For operation and maintenance purposes, our Sites and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with our Sites (system logs) or use for this purpose other personal data, such as an IP address.
Protecting your rights
You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If your personal details change or you change your mind about any of your marketing preferences, please get in touch if you have any questions about how we use your information or how to change your marketing preferences if you are having difficulty doing so.
Your Legal Rights
Right of access
– You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information.
Request rectification
– You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Request erasure
– You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.  For details of how long we retain your personal data for, please see the
Glossary
(under the heading ‘
Data retention’
)
Restriction of processin
g – You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Object to processing
– You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Data portability
– You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
Withdrawal of consent at any time
- Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you, and apply for an extension of further two months in certain circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Third Parties
We may disclose your Data to the following third parties as part of processing:
Internal Third Parties as set out in the
External Third Parties as set out in the
Specific third parties listed in the table under the heading
Purposes
for which we will use your personal data
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
In relation to the above organisations, you can:
Object to processing of your personal data, request restriction of processing, erasure, correction, access to the information on file
Withdraw consent to future collection of data.
Third-party links
Our Sites may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave one of our Sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Our Sites may, from time to time, include videos providing information about our services or containing other promotional material. These videos are available on YouTube and are made available on our Sites by our use of the YouTube API Service.  When you click on these YouTube videos, you:
agree to be bound by the YouTube terms of service which can be found here - (
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
); and
you acknowledge that your personal data will be processed by YouTube in accordance with Google's privacy policy which can be found here -
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
Complaints –
Please contact us first so that we can make it right again
– Contact email:
dpo@welcomebreak.co.uk
Contact & Further Information
It is our job to assist you make the best choices. If you have any queries about how we use your information, please get in touch.
Welcome Break Head Office:
Welcome Break Ltd
2 Vantage Court,
Tickford Street,
Newport Pagnell,
MK16 9EZ
Contact email:
dpo@welcomebreak.co.uk
If you require more information, and you cannot find it here, or if you are not happy with the service, we provided to you:
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website:
https://www.ico.org.uk
Policy Review Information
We do our best to keep our policies up to date and review it regularly. This is version number 3 from February 2023. Written by The Welcome Break Data Protection Team based at our Head Office.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
GLOSSARY
Lawful Basis
Legitimate Interests
means the interests of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Third Parties
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in our Group, acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in in the United Kingdom and provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Medical and emergency service providers where your vital interests (as defined in the UK GDPR) are at risk.
Not-for-profit bodies, for example, gaming charities, where support is requested by you.
Health, social care, and public health authorities (for example, for Covid testing)
Local authorities, police, and law enforcement agencies
Insurance companies
Staff members who process CCTV requests and redaction tasks
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide services.
Other third-party data processors who may process data on our behalf with an appropriate data processing agreement in place.
International Transfers
Some of our external third parties may be based outside the UK, so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK.  Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we aim to afford a similar degree of protection to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved for use in the UK which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect of our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other requirements.
By law we must keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data: see under the heading ‘
Your Legal Rights’
above for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
We're ready to welcome you
View all our locations
Sign up for news and offers
Join our mailing list to be the first to hear about all the latest news and offers from Welcome Break.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.    If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label