Privacy Policy
This application provides Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the application. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organisation or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.
Information Collection and Use
Our primary goal of collecting information is to provide and improve services offered in our app and enable users to get maximum benefits.
In the course of using the Services, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This may refer to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). If you create an Account using your login from a Social Network Site, we will access and collect the information about you with your privacy settings on that Social Network Site permits us to access so that we can create an Account for you. You can also create an account with your email, in which case you will be able to create a profile page by submitting certain Personal Information. The submitted information will be kept in our server or third-party server portions which are owned and under our control. We use your Personal Information to provide our Services and administer your inquiries.
We do not share any personal information of our users with third parties, but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to help improve our Site and the Services we offer. The collection of this data by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policy. For more information visit: Firebase by Google, Admob by Google To deliver advertisements that relate to your interests, we display targeted advertisements during the provision of our services. If you do not wish to receive advertisements with this level of relevance, you can opt out by the privacy option we have given on the settings page of the app. We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services, and to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used.
All personal information collected by us will be judiciously handled and will not be provided or disclosed to any third party without your consent. As a corporation entrusted with important personal information, we will strive to obey all applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines on personal information protection. We will implement all reasonable safety measures and prevention and/or remedial measures in dealing with personal information leakage, loss or damage, so that you are able to feel safe in providing us with your personal information. We will continue to maintain and enhance our data protection management system to safeguard the handling and protection of your personal information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Policy For Children
This Site is not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at : appsatthe@gmail.com