Introduction
How
PicMa
protects your images
We want you to understand how
PicMa
processes your personal data, as well as what options you have
        for managing it. You’ll find this information below in our Privacy
        Policy.
It’s important that you also understand how
PicMa
protects your images.
The following bullets highlight a few key details about the app and our
        security measures:
PicMa is a photo editing app. It enhances photos by improving aspects
          such as image resolution and colors. Also, it gives you the ability to
          generate new images with AI.
PicMa's photo editing, enhancing, and generative technologies
          don’t perform facial recognition activities. These technologies
          also don’t attempt or allow the identification or authentication
          of people in the images.
You retain control over the images you upload, enhance, and generate
          using PicMa. We don’t sell, trade, or claim ownership of any of
          your images—whether you use PicMa to edit your existing images
          or to generate new ones.
Your images aren’t used to train our AI technologies.
Your images are safeguarded with appropriate security measures,
          following privacy and data protection laws and industry standards.
          This includes encryption and cloud storage for enhanced
          security.
To know how we process your personal data when using
PicMa
, please refer to the Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the
        processing of personal data of users (“user” or
        “you”) by
Magic Tiger Technology
Ltd. (“we” or “us”), in connection to the
        use of the PicMa mobile application (“app”) and any other
        interaction with us. We present you with this Privacy in accordance with
        Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulation
        (“GDPR”), and other applicable local laws, as amended or
        replaced (collectively, “Applicable Privacy Laws”).
1. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
2. Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal
          Bases for Our Processing
3. Data Storage and Protection
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal Data
5. Recipients of Your Personal Data
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area
7. Your Rights
8. Children’s Personal Data
9. Third-party Websites and Services
10. Additional Information for Users Residing in Certain U.S.
          States
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
12. In-app Tracking Technologies
1. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
The Data Controller is
Magic Tiger Technology Ltd
., based in
FLAT 1512, 15/F, LUCKY CENTER, NO.165-171 WAN CHAI ROAD, WAN CHAI, HONG
        KONG., Chai Wan, Hong Kong
. For any requests regarding the processing of your personal data,
        please email us at picma_support@magictiger.ai.
2. Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal
        Bases for Our Processing
Below is a list of the categories of personal data that we process,
        along with the purposes and the legal grounds for processing it. Please
        be aware that not all the information listed may be considered as
        personal data in your jurisdiction under all circumstances.
Purpose
Legal Basis
Categories of Processed Data
To enable you to use the app and to provide you with its
                functionalities ("Provision of the Service”).
For example, we may process your data to enable you to perform
              the following activities:
Edit or enhance your photos
Generate AI images of yourself
Generate AI images of your children
Additionally, we may process your data to provide you with the
              following services:
Show you information about the app and your editing or
                enhancing process
Suggest to you the best images to edit with PicMa
Our contractual relationship provides the legal grounds for
              processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(b) of the
              GDPR).
Identifiers, Internet and network activity information (such as
              IP address, device model, device type, OS version, device
              language, device name, country set in the device settings,
              information about your interactions with the app, information on
              the clipboard,  and unique identifiers), and other
              information necessary to enable you to use the app. The app
              processes the images that you upload, including images containing
              faces, as well as the images generated by the app (enhanced photos
              and AI images). When images contain faces, we process certain
              information about them, such as information that estimates the
              location of parts and areas of the faces (“Facial
              Data”). Note that in some jurisdictions outside of Europe,
              Facial Data may be considered biometric data. The photo editing,
              enhancing, and generative technologies implemented in the app do
              not allow unique identification or authentication of people in the
              images, nor are we training the technologies to do so. This means
              that we only use the app to create the requested AI images based
              on the images containing faces shared by the user. We do not save
              users' facial data, and users' image information is only
              used for the image processing workflow. Once the images are
              uploaded, they are automatically removed from our servers.
To edit photos or generate AI images, the app needs access to
              your photo library and your camera. The app requires that you
              expressly allow this access, through a request appearing on your
              mobile device.
To improve and develop our products and services
                (“Service Improvement”). For example, we process
                your data by conducting statistical analysis or other research
                activities to optimize our features and provide you with new
                ones.
Our legitimate interest to improve our products and services
              provides the legal grounds for processing this data for this
              purpose (article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
As for the collection of personal data by means of analytics
              tracking technologies, please see
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identifiers (such as name, social media handle, or email address,
              when requested), Internet and network activity information (such
              as IP address), inferences we generate, your gender (if you choose
              to share this information), and other related information about
              your usage of and experience with the app (such as your responses
              in case you take part in our interviews).
For the purpose of statistical analysis, we may also collect
              information and metadata related to your images. In such cases, we
              will only process anonymized data.
See c) below for details about how we use the image you upload,
              as well as Facial Data to improve our photo editing, enhancing,
              and generative features, and train our photo editing, enhancing,
              and generative algorithms.
To ensure the quality and the proper functioning of the
                services, by analyzing, preventing or correcting failures and
                bugs, as well as by conducting the manual or other review of
                suspected illicit use or misuse of the services
                ("Troubleshooting”).
Our legitimate interest to ensure the quality and the proper
              functioning of the services provides the legal grounds for
              processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(f) of the
              GDPR).
Identifiers, Internet and network activity information (such as
              IP address, device model, device type, OS version, crash and error
              logs), inferences we generate, images, videos and audio recordings
              uploaded by you, as well as the images generated by the app, and
              other related information about your usage of the app.
To comply with our legal obligations, including requests from
                public authorities ("Compliance”).
Legal obligations that we must comply with provide the legal
              grounds for processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(c)
              of the GDPR).
Any information which may be required by law or under the
              instructions of public authorities.
To send you administrative or technical updates and to process
                and respond to customer support communications and any other
                requests or communications from you ("Customer
                Support”).
Our contractual relationship provides the legal grounds for
              processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(b) of the
              GDPR).
Identifiers (such as user ID and email address) and the content
              of your communication or request.
To establish, exercise or defend our rights and those of our
                employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations
                (“Defense”). For example, we may process your data
                in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale
                of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such
                transactions.
Our legitimate interest to establish, exercise or defend our
              rights and to carry out corporate transactions or operations
              provides the legal grounds for processing this data for this
              purpose (article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of these
              purposes.
To analyze your usage information, including your preferences,
                interests and behaviors when you use our products and services
                (“Profiling”). For example, we process your data in
                the following activities:
Conduct surveys, statistical analysis or other research
                activities to improve our products and services
Maintain, optimize, and develop new features
Find and group users with similar characteristics
Advertise our products and services to users similar to you and
                reach out to inactive users with our ads
Measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and make our
                advertising more relevant
Customize information and marketing communications
Our legitimate interest provides the legal grounds for processing
              this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
The collection of personal data by means of profiling and
              third-party analytics tracking technologies is based on your
              consent. For more details, please see
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identifiers (such as user ID, email address, when requested),
              Internet and network activity information (such as IP address),
              information about your interactions with the app, inferences we
              generate, your gender (if you choose to share this information),
              and other related information about your usage of the app.
To carry out marketing activities and send you information and
                marketing communications about our products and services such as
                tips, offers, and newsletters through emails and push
                notifications, or to conduct user research activities
                ("Marketing”).
Your consent provides the legal grounds for processing this data
              for this purpose (article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Where your consent is not required, for example, where we use
              your email to send you information about products and services
              related to or similar to the app (“Soft Opt-In”), the
              legal basis is our legitimate interest (article 6(1)(f) of the
              GDPR).
Identifiers (such as user ID, and email address), Internet and
              network activity information (such as IP address), information
              about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and
              other related information about your usage of and experience with
              the app (such as your responses and your voice in case you take
              part in our interviews).
We will send you push notifications only if you grant the
              relevant permission by enabling push notification on your mobile
              operating system settings.
To install third-party tracking technologies to serve
                personalized ads ("Targeted Advertising”).
You can find more information on how these third parties process
              your personal data by reading their privacy policies listed in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Your consent provides the legal grounds for processing this data
              for this purpose (article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
The collection of personal data by means of third-party profiling
              tracking technologies is based on your consent. For more details,
              please see
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such
              as IP address, unique identifiers including IDFA or AAID, crash
              logs and diagnostic information, and performance data such as app
              launch time, hang rate, or energy usage), information about your
              interactions with the app, advertising data (such as ad conversion
              information and advertisements seen), your ad tracking choices and
              consent to receive personalized ads (if granted), and inferences
              about your interests and preferences.
3. Data Storage and Protection
Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated
        means and may be stored at our premises and on our service
        providers’ servers. We adopt appropriate technical and
        organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use and
        alteration of your personal data. For example, we adopt measures to
        protect your images. However, transmissions of data over the Internet
        are never 100% secure.
Personal data processed for the purposes of Provision of the Service,
        Service Improvement, Customer Support, and Profiling will be kept for no
        more than three (3) years from the date of your last interaction with
        the app or from the date of the expiration of your subscription. If you
        access the app after your subscription expires, the retention period
        starts from the date of this most recent interaction with the app.
With specific reference to images that you upload, the following
        retention policy applies:
For Editing and Enhancement Improvement purposes, subject to your
          consent, they will be kept for no more than thirty (30) days from the
          upload of the AI images if you have a subscription and no more than
          seven (7) days from the most recent upload of the AI images if you
          don’t have a subscription.
With reference to AI images, the following retention policy
        applies:
For provision of the Service purposes, they will be kept for no more
          than thirty (30) days from their generation, regardless of whether you
          have a subscription or not.
Upon the expiration date, images, as well as Facial Data processed to
        generate AI images and AI images themselves, are automatically deleted
        from our servers and those of our service providers.
Personal data processed for Troubleshooting purposes will be kept only
        as long as necessary to fulfill said purposes, and in any case for no
        more than one (1) year from the date of your last interaction with the
        app or from the date of the expiration of your subscription. If you
        access the app after your subscription expires, the retention period
        starts from the date of this most recent interaction with the app.
Personal data processed for Compliance purposes will be kept up to
        three (3) years from the date of your last interaction with the app or
        from the date of the expiration of your subscription. If you access the
        app after your subscription expires, the retention period starts from
        the date of this most recent interaction with the app.
Regarding personal data processed for Targeted Advertising purposes,
        you can find more information about the retention period of your data by
        visiting the third parties’ privacy policies linked in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
At the end of these specified periods, unless any legal obligations
        require a longer data retention, the processed personal data will be
        either deleted or anonymized.
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal Data
To access the services and features of the app, it is mandatory for you
        to provide your personal data for the purposes of Provision of the
        Service, Compliance, and Customer Support. If you choose not to provide
        your personal data, you will not be able to enjoy the app’s
        services and features.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data for the
        purposes of Provision of the Service, Editing and Enhancement
        Improvement, and Targeted Advertising, providing your personal data is
        optional, and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
        If you choose not to provide your personal data, you will still be able
        to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest as the legal grounds to
        process your personal data for the purposes of Service Improvement,
        Troubleshooting, Defense, Profiling, you may, at any time, exercise your
        right to object to such processing as explained in
Section 7 (Your Rights)
below.
For data processing for the purposes of Targeted Advertising, you can
        manage how you share your IDFA (on iPhone or iPad) and AAID (on Android
        devices), which are unique device identifiers provided by the operating
        system of your device that allow advertisers to track and identify a
        user for advertising purposes. To disable this tracking, do as
        follows:
From iOS and iPadOS 14.5, go to Settings > Privacy & Security
          > Tracking and tap to turn off or turn on
Allow Apps to Request to Track
or permission to track for a specific app. On previous iOS or
          iPadOS versions, go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turn
          on
Limit Ad Tracking
.
On Android devices, you can go to your device's Settings app or
          Google Settings app (differs depending on your device) > Services
          > Ads and turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
.
5. Recipients of Your Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data to the following categories of
        recipients:
Vendors carrying out activities related or instrumental to our
          business and operations, either as outsourced data processors
          appointed in writing in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws (such
          as IT or storage service providers) or as autonomous data controllers
          (such as advertising networks and platforms).
If we carry out a corporate transaction or operation (for example, in
          case of merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or
          assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions),
          personal data may be transferred to another owner, and disclosed to
          our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers, as part of
          such transaction or operation.
Public, judicial or police authorities, within the limits established
          by applicable laws.
Other parties as necessary, in the event we believe that your actions
          are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe
          that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to
          protect our rights, property, and safety or that of our users, the
          public, or others.
Professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise
          protect and manage our business interests.
Our corporate affiliates under common control and ownership.
Personal data will not be disclosed for any reason other than those
        stated above, unless such disclosure is deemed necessary for the
        fulfillment of a legal obligation or if we request your consent.
As explained in Section 2.j), if you give your consent to install
        tracking technologies, you will allow third parties mentioned therein to
        collect personal data about you in order to show you customized and
        personalized advertising. If you want to learn more about their
        processing activities, please see the third parties’ Privacy
        Policies linked in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area
        (“EEA”), the UK or Switzerland to other countries outside
        the EEA. Such data transfers are based on appropriate safeguards in
        accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, including (a) the standard
        contractual clauses developed by the European Commission; (b) the
        decisions of adequacy of the European Commission; or (c) binding
        corporate rules.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you are located, you may have certain rights in
        relation to your personal data. At any time and free of charge, you may
        exercise those rights, as specified and subject to certain limitations
        and exceptions under Applicable Privacy Laws. These rights may
        include:
Right of access. You have the right to obtain information about the
          processing of your personal data and to access it.
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask for the updating,
          rectification or integration of your personal data.
Right to erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your
          personal data.
Right to restriction of processing. You have the right to request the
          restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain a portable
          electronic copy of your personal data.
Right to object. Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process
          your personal data, you have the right to object to such processing,
          wholly or partly, on grounds related to your situation. In particular,
          you are entitled to object to the processing of your personal data for
          direct marketing purposes, including profiling.
Right to withdraw consent. Where we or third parties rely on your
          consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw
          your consent, although the processing carried out before your
          withdrawal of consent will remain valid.
If you would like to submit a request by email or if you have any other
        questions about privacy or data protection at Magic Tiger Technology
        Ltd., you can contact us at picma_support@magictiger.ai. We may take
        reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your
        request, such as by asking you for information that matches information
        we have on file about you. If you are submitting a rights request as an
        authorized agent, we may ask you to provide proof of your authorization
        to make the request, or we may contact the individual who is the subject
        of the request for confirmation, in accordance with Applicable Privacy
        Laws.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy
        rights.
8. Children’s Personal Data
The app is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. We do not
        knowingly collect personal data from children. If you believe we have
        unlawfully received personal data from children under the age of 16,
        please email us at picma_support@magictiger.ai. If we learn that a user
        is under the age of 16, we will take reasonable steps to delete any
        processed data and close such user’s account.
9. Third-party Websites and Services
The app may include links to other websites or services operated by
        third parties. The activities described in this Privacy Policy do not
        apply to data processed by such third-party websites and services. We
        have no control over, and we are not responsible for, the actions and
        privacy policies of third parties and other websites and services.
10. Additional Information for Users Residing in Certain U.S.
        States
a) Additional Information for Users in California
California has enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents
        certain rights and require additional disclosures (“State
        Laws”). If you are a resident of California, this section applies
        to you.
We collect personal information from several sources: directly from you
        (for example, when you make purchases within the app or participate in a
        survey); automatically when you use the app (for example, device
        information); and from other sources (for example, mobile measurement
        partners). We also generate inferences about you based on your use of
        the app and other information we collect.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories
        of personal information: identifiers; Internet or other electronic
        network activity information; characteristics of protected
        classifications under California or U.S. federal law (such as gender if
        you participate in a survey); commercial information (such as purchases
        you make in the app); approximate geolocation information (such as
        country); audio and visual information (such as photos and videos you
        share with us); inferences; and other information that relates to or is
        reasonably capable of being associated with you. For details about the
        personal information we collect, please see
Section 2 (Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and
          Legal Bases for Our Processing)
. We collect personal information for the business and commercial
        purposes listed in the chart in
Section 2
.
We may disclose your personal information with the categories of third
        parties as described in
Section 5 (Recipients of Your Personal Data)
. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following
        categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers,
        Internet and electronic network activity information, characteristics of
        protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law;
        commercial information; approximate geolocation information; audio and
        visual information and other information that we have inferred about you
        or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with
        you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information to third
        parties for the purpose of engaging in targeted advertising (these
        disclosures may be considered “sales” or
        “sharing” under certain State Laws):
Categories of Personal Information “Shared,”
              “Sold,” or used for Targeted Advertising
Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
Internet and electronic network activity
App usage and diagnostic information
Inferences
Advertising and marketing partners
We do not knowingly collect personal data about users under the age of
        16. We do not knowingly sell or share personal data about users under
        the age of 16.
We generally do not collect information that is considered
        “sensitive” under State Laws. In the limited circumstances
        that we do, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for
        the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
We retain personal data as described in
Section 3 (Data Storage and Protection)
.
Right to Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, Targeted Advertising
Some of the activities described in this Privacy Policy may be
        considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal
        information or use of your information for “targeted
        advertising” under the law that applies to you. You or your
        authorized agent may opt out of these activities by following the
        instructions in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
You have the right to request (1) to know more about and access your
        personal information, including in a portable format, (2) deletion of
        your personal information, and (3) correction (rectification) of
        inaccurate personal information. For details about how to exercise your
        rights, please see
Section 7 (Your Rights)
.
b) Additional Information for Users in Illinois
In accordance with Illinois law, this section provides additional
        disclosures related to Facial Data. As described in
Section 2
, we collect and process Facial Data to enhance your photos and
        generate AI avatars and AI images. We do not collect or use Facial Data
        to improve our photo editing, enhancing and generative features nor to
        train our photo editor algorithms. We retain personal data as described
        in
Section 3 (Data Storage and Protection)
. We use cloud storage providers to store Facial Data. We will never
        sell, lease, or trade Facial Data to third parties. As described above,
        Facial Data may be considered biometric data in some jurisdictions;
        however, Facial Data is not used for identification or authentication
        purposes.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify, integrate or update, in whole or in part, this Privacy
        Policy, and we will notify users of any modification, integration or
        update in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If we make
        modifications, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of
        this Privacy Policy and, under certain circumstances, we may also notify
        you by additional means such as pop-up or push notifications within the
        app or our website, or email.
12. In-App Tracking Technologies
When we refer to “tracking technology/technologies” in this
        Policy, we mean any technology that stores or accesses information on
        the user’s device, including SDKs, tracking pixels, HTML5 local
        storage, local shared objects, and fingerprinting techniques.
Tracking technologies are usually classified by purpose (Technical,
        Analytics, Profiling) and by publisher (First-party, Third-party).
Applicable legal requirements vary based on how the tracking
        technologies are classified.
Below you will find the types of tracking technologies by
        classification along with some practical examples.
By purpose
Technical tracking technologies
Technical tracking technologies are used for the purpose of
        transmitting messages over an electronic communication network or to
        provide a service specifically requested by the user.
Thus, technical tracking technologies are essential for the correct
        functioning of the app and to provide the service offered to and
        requested by the user.
For example, technical tracking technologies can be used to monitor
        sessions, store specific server access information related to the user
        configuration, facilitate the use of online content, or keep track of
        items in a shopping cart or information used to fill in a form.
Technical tracking technologies do not need your consent.
Analytics tracking technologies
Analytics tracking technologies may be used to assess the effectiveness
        of an information society service provided by a publisher, evaluate and
        improve the design of an app, or help measure traffic.
In other words, analytics tracking technologies may be used to track
        the traffic and performance of an app by collecting aggregate data on
        the number of users and how they interact with the app to improve its
        services.
For example, analytics tracking technologies may collect information
        about how users access an app, including the number of users, possibly
        grouped by geographical area, time zone, how long users stay on the app,
        which parts of the app they interact with, or the number of users who
        used a particular feature.
Analytics tracking technologies need your explicit consent. However,
        analytics tracking technologies are equated to technical trackers and,
        thus, do not need your consent if:
they are only used to produce aggregated statistics that are
          performed by way of the controller’s own resources and do not
          turn into activities that go beyond statistical counting and enable
          business-related decision-making; or
the third parties do not match the analytics trackers' data with
          any other information and do not forward such data to other third
          parties.
Profiling tracking technologies
Profiling tracking technologies may be used to evaluate certain
        personal aspects relating to users and trace specific actions or
        recurring behavioral patterns in the use of the offered functionalities
        back to specific, identified or identifiable individuals for the purpose
        of grouping them within homogeneous, multi-sized clusters. This is aimed
        at enabling the company to analyze and predict personal aspects
        concerning the users, provide them with increasingly customized services
        beyond what is strictly necessary for the delivery of the service, and
        send targeted advertising messages in line with the preferences
        expressed by the user during their in-app activities.
In other words, profiling tracking technologies may be used to convey
        behavioral advertising, measure the effectiveness of ads, or customize
        the services offered in line with the user’s monitored
        behavior.
For example, profiling tracking technologies can be used to create user
        profiles and offer content in line with the user’s interests, send
        targeted ads or messages, or conduct statistical analysis or other
        research activities to improve our products and services and measure the
        effectiveness of our campaigns.
Profiling tracking technologies need your explicit consent.
By publisher
First-party
tracking technologies
First-party tracking technologies are installed and managed directly by
        the owner of the app which will process the collected data for its own
        purposes.
Third-party
tracking technologies
Third-party tracking technologies are installed and managed by
        different apps or developers either for our purposes or for the third
        party’s own purposes.
The data collected by these third parties is governed by their own
        specific privacy policies and terms and conditions over which we have no
        control. Thus, for further information about these data processing
        activities, please refer to the privacy policy of such third parties as
        indicated in the following section ("
Types of tracking technologies used by the app
”).
Third-party non-anonymized analytics and/or profiling trackers need
        your consent. You can manage this consent at any time by accessing the
        “Privacy Settings” within the app.
Types of tracking technologies used in the app
This app installs the following types of tracking technologies:
Name
Purpose
Retention period
Publisher (i.e., first-party or third-party)
Description
Third-party Privacy Policy (where applicable)
Firebase Crashlytics
Technical
3 years. See
Section 3 (Data storage and protection)
for more details.
Third-party
A tool provided by Google that is essential for the app to
              correctly interact with the backend and provide the user with key
              features.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase Dynamic Links
Technical
3 years. See
Section 3 (Data storage and protection)
for more details.
Third-party
A tool provided by Google that is essential for the app to
              correctly interact with the backend and provide the user with key
              features.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
FirebaseAuth
Technical
3 years. See
Section 3 (Data storage and protection)
for more details.
Third-party
A tool provided by Google that is essential for the app to
              correctly interact with the backend and provide the user with the
              key features.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Analytics
3 years
Third-party
A tool provided by Google that is essential for the app to work
              properly. When analytics features are enabled, it can help us to
              improve app traffic and performance.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Profiling
3 years
Third-party
A tool provided by Google that is essential for the app to work
              properly. When profiling features are enabled, it can help us to
              measure the effectiveness of our ads.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Adjust
Profiling
3 years
Third-party
A mobile attribution tool. It helps us to measure the
              effectiveness of our ads.
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
Profiling
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
A tool that allows us to show you advertising. When profiling
              features are enabled, advertising is customized according to your
              preferences.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Admob
Profiling
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
A tool that allows us to show you advertising. When profiling
              features are enabled, advertising is customized according to your
              preferences.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Meta Audience Network (iOS only)
Profiling
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
A tool that allows us to show you advertising. When profiling
              features are enabled, advertising is customized according to your
              preferences.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Tracking technologies settings
When you withdraw your consent, your data will no longer be collected
        through those trackers but we will continue processing the data
        collected before the withdrawal.
You cannot deactivate first-party analytics tracking technologies since
        they are equated to technical trackers and, thus, are not based on your
        consent.
With regards to your rights under applicable Data Protection Laws,
        please refer to
Section 7 (Your Rights)
above.
Last updated: October 23, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://support.bendingspoons.com/privacy.html?app%3D1470373330%23bookmark%3Did.5hkay6be2ti2&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1727263318061903&usg=AOvVaw2r6rCR1GQNeitBcloEd7lV:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://support.bendingspoons.com/privacy.html?app=1470373330#bookmark=id.5hkay6be2ti2
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.