Vidma Editor - Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 15th, 2024
Welcome to Vidma!
Vidma (the "Platform") is provided and controlled by Vidma Pte. Ltd. (“We” or “Us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) sets out the basis on which any information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will handle it. By accessing or using the Platform, services, applications, products, and content (collectively, the “Services”), you acknowledge the practices described in the Policy. For purposes of the Policy, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.
SUMMARY
- What information do we collect about you?
We collect and process information about you if you use the Platform and interact with the Services and related content such as our web pages. This includes technical and behavioral information about your use of the Services.
- How will we use the information about you?
We use your information to provide the Services to you and to improve, develop and administer them. We use your information to ensure your safety. - Who do we share your information with? We may share your information with third-party service providers who help us to deliver the Platform, or with any member of our group to improve the Platform or for internal business purposes. Where and when required by law, we will share your information with law enforcement agencies or regulators, and with third parties pursuant to a legally binding court order.
- How long do we keep hold of your information?
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Services and fulfil our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the Services to you, we retain it only as long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or where we are subject to a legal obligation to retain the data. We will also retain your information if we believe it is or will be necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims.
- How will we notify you of any changes to the Policy?
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to the Policy through a notice on the Platform. However, you should look at the Policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy constitutes your consent to the updated Policy. If you do not consent to the updated Policy, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
1. The types of information we collect
Information you choose to provide. When you register or otherwise interact with the Services, you may give us information and content including photographs, videos, and audio files that you upload. We may also collect your feedback about the Services if you choose to provide it. Information we collect automatically. We may collect the following information about you:
Technical information we collect about you. We automatically collect certain information from you when you access or use the Services, including IP address, network type and connections, mobile or device model, device manufacturer, mobile phone area, application version number, operating system, information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, CPU and GPU information, device resolution, system language and region, and information regarding your use of the Platform.
Behavioral information we collect about you. We also collect information regarding your use of the Services, e.g., video editing acts. Information we obtain from other sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services or providers. For example, if you access third-party services through the Services or share information about your experience on the Services with others, we may collect information from these third-party services. Cookies. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to collect certain information, including personal data, from you in order to provide certain features and functionality. We and our service providers and business partners use Cookies to collect data and recognize you and your device(s) on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. We do this to measure the traffic and functionality of our website.
2. How we use your information
We will use the information in the following ways:
We may use your information to:
provide you with the Services;
notify you about changes to the Services;
provide you with user support;
enforce our terms, conditions, and policies; and
communicate with you. As it is in our legitimate interests to be responsive to you and to ensure the proper functioning of our products and organization, we may use your information to:
improve the Platform and to ensure tools on the Platform are presented in the most effective manner for you and your device(s);
administer the Platform and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform when you choose to do so;
keep the Platform safe and secure; and
develop our Platform and conduct product development. We may also use your information with your consent or at your direction.
3. How we share your information
We don’t sell any of your information and we impose restrictions on how partners can use the data we provide. We may disclose the categories of personal information discussed above for a business purpose to selected third parties in or outside your country, including with:
our service providers, suppliers, and subcontractors who help us run the Platform;
data analytics, crash analytics, and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Platform. We may share your information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, or companies that we control, are controlled or under common control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above, as permitted by applicable law, to assist in the improvement and optimization of the Platform, or for our internal business purposes.
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation, process, or request;
enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address security, fraud, or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, a third party, or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. In this case, we will ensure that the terms of the Policy are observed and will inform you in advance if the transfer implies any change to these terms. Finally, we may share information otherwise with your consent or at your direction.
4. Third-party content
The Services may contain links to content maintained by third parties who we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by the Policy.
5. Where we store your information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at, a destination inside or outside of your country, for the purposes as described in the Policy. By submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing, or processing. We will take reasonable steps to secure your information and treat it in accordance with the Policy.
6. Your choices
We provide tools in settings that allow you to control how you use the Platform. If you have any questions on how to use or want to know about any rights you may have in the country where you live, please contact us.
7. The security of your information
We will take reasonable steps to secure your information and treat it in accordance with the Policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through the Platform. We have put in place technical and organizational measures that we will amend and update from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
8. Data retention
We will delete your information upon request. Otherwise, we will use the following criteria to determine the period for which we will keep your information:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligations under applicable laws and regulations to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable laws;
our legitimate business purposes; and
disputes or potential disputes. After you have terminated your use of our Services, we may store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may also retain any personal information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, allow us to resolve and litigate disputes, and enforce our agreements.
9. AI Photo Generation Feature
By using the AILab feature, including the AI Art Generation or AI Cartoonize feature, We will analyze the photos you uploaded and find out the facial key points (like eyes, nose, and mouth points) of the face in the photos for face processing purposes. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT collect any face data. After the analyzing process ends all data will be deleted within 7 days, no data will be saved permanently.
Specially, in order to provide an AI Generation feature,  The complete AI generate process is:
You input the prompt content about the style you wish to generate;
You agree to transfer a photo to our server；
Our server detects a face in your photo;
Find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
Depends on your prompt content and apply the effect to your photo based on the detected key points.
PLEASE NOTE THAT AFTER THE GENERATE PROCESS IS COMPLETED, THE PHOTOS YOU UPLOADED WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY DELETED WITHIN 7 DAYS.
10. Information relating to children
The Platform is not directed at children under the age of 13. Users under the relevant age are not allowed to use the Platform. If we become aware that personal information has been collected from a person under the relevant age, we will delete the user’s information in accordance with applicable law. If you believe that we may have information about or collected from a child under the relevant age, please contact us.
11. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal information, please contact us in the first instance at DPO@vidma.com and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your information protection authority or follow the dispute process.
12. Changes
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to the Policy, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Policy regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy constitutes your consent to the updated Policy. If you do not consent to the updated Policy, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
13. Contact
Questions, comments, and requests regarding the Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Legal Entity: Vidma Pte. Ltd.
Email: legal@vidma.com
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – JURISDICTION SPECIFIC
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of the Policy, the relevant jurisdiction’s Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific will supersede and control.
United States
If you are using our Services in the United States, the following additional terms apply:
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites. Our products do not support Do Not Track requests at this time.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents, subject to verification, may request to see what personal information we have collected about them over the past 12 months, including the categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, the categories of third parties with which the information was shared, and the specific pieces of personal information collected about them. If you are a California resident, you may also request that we delete your personal information subject to certain exceptions. Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise either of these rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different qualities of services unless those differences are related to your information. Please submit your request via legal@vidma.com.
We do not sell personal information to third parties for purposes of the CCPA. We may permit third parties to collect personal information through our Services and share each of the categories of personal information described above with third parties for business purposes. These business purposes are described above and include providing advertising on our products and services and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called “interest-based advertising”) and website and online service analytics. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by the Policy.
Brazil
If you are using our Services in Brazil, the following additional terms apply:
Exercise of data protection rights.
Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD, once it comes into force:
a. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
b. access to your data;
c. correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data;
d. anonymization, blocking, or erasure of data;
e. portability of personal data to a third party;
f. object to the processing of personal data;
g. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
h. information about the possibility to refuse to provide personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
i. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity.
For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights.
In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation of our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request. In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights, or how to exercise them, please contact us via the provided information in "12. Contact". If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
International Transfer of Data.
We share your personal data globally with companies of our business group to carry out the activities specified in this Policy. We may also subcontract the processing of data involved in the Services or share your personal data with third parties located in other countries. Your personal data may therefore be subject to privacy laws other than those applicable in your country.
Whenever we transfer your personal data to third parties located in other countries, we will ensure that these companies comply with applicable data protection laws and we will take all measures that are reasonably necessary to ensure the existence of adequate safeguards to protect your personal data and to ensure that are processed safely.
Parental and Guardian Consent.
If required by Brazilian data protection laws, (i) if you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you can only use and register for an account with the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and you declare and represent that you had such assistance to use the Services and to agree to the Policy; (ii) if you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 16, you can only use and register for an account with the representation of your parent or legal guardian, and you must obtain the consent from your parent or legal guardian to the use of the Services and acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Language. The Terms of Service are prepared in the English language and shall prevail in other versions (if any).
DPO.
If you wish to contact the Data Protection Officer, please contact us: DPO@vidma.com
South Korea
If you are using our Services in South Korea, the following additional terms apply:
Data retention.
We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in the Policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:
Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce:
a. Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years
b. Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years
c. Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months
d. Protection of Communications Secrets Act
e. Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
Destruction of Personal data.
We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department. Your Rights
Data rights. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us.
Data Security. We work hard to protect Vidma and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial, and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis, and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed.
Information Relating to Children. Vidma is not directed at children under the age of 14.
Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and data centers, some of whom are located abroad, subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. The entities receiving and processing your data are committed to using and storing personal data in compliance with domestic and international regulations and to taking all available physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Services, by contacting DPO@vidma.com.
EEA and Switzerland and the UK
If you are using the Services in the EEA and Switzerland or the UK (the “European Region”), the following additional terms apply:
Where we store your information
If you are a citizen of the EEA, the personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to and stored at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Where we transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA, we do so under the Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e. standard contractual clauses) pursuant to 2004/915/EC or 2010/87/EU (as appropriate).
How we share your information
If you consent to push notifications, we may also provide your device information to your operating system. Your rights You have the following rights:
a. The right to request free of charge (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal data and (ii) access to a copy of the personal data retained;
b. The right to request proper rectification or removal of your personal data or restriction of the processing of your personal data;
c. Where the processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
d. Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal;
e. The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by Union or Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract;
f. The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your right. If you object to such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing;
g.The right to object to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; and
h. The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
User Messaging Platform
Pursuant to the stipulations outlined in the EU ePrivacy Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we have provided a User Messaging Platform (UMP) within the application if you are in the European Economic Area (EEA) along with the UK. This platform facilitates your ability to define your consent regarding our utilization of cookies or other forms of local storage.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other applications. Any external links to other applications or websites will be identifiable as such.
In reference to your consent for cookies, we will not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our application unless you choose to provide that information to us. You can block cookies by activating the setting on UMP that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. You can also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for further information.
Please note that we fully respect your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on our application without your explicit knowledge and permission. However, the nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information that is transmitted to us over the Internet.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via DPO@vidma.com.