Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
About US
The Game Pixel Studios highly respect its users and their privacy rights and guarantee the preservation of information of all its users.
General Provisions:
This document “Privacy Policy” (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) consists of methods of gathering of terms and information about the User (hereinafter also referred to as “You”) by Game Pixel Studios.
By downloading and installing, you fully accept the terms of privacy.
However, we reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without any prior notification to the users, and such amendments will be effective right from the date and time of issuance on our website.
This Policy is an integral part of the documents referring to it including account holding apps/games End User License Agreements accompanying Applications and specifying the terms of use of the relevant Applications.
We strictly comply with all relevant legislative & legitimate requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
If user is a minor at law (hereinafter referred to as underage 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on the location of the user) then must get parental information, such as device ID, other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to use the Service.
Game Pixel Studios Commitment to Kids and Families Privacy
Game Pixel Studios
does NOT run Interest Based or Personalized Ads in our Games Designed for Families, including, but not limited to our Unicorn Pony Games
Many of our games and applications are designed for families and children. We take extra precautions to ensure a safe and secure playing experience for children and families using our applications.
We may run advertisements in our apps designed for families and children. However we take appropriate measures to make sure only children and family friendly advertisements are displayed in our games designed for families.
To display advertisements, we use the following third party ad networks.
Unity:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google Admob:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Ironsrc:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Adcolony:
https://support.adcolony.com/
We integrate these ad networks so that they provide us with age appropriate advertisements.
We also employ third party analytics service providers, after obtaining user consent. This ensures continuous improvements in our user experience. The analytics service providers we use are:
https://appmetrica.yandex.com/about/privacy-policy
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
COPPA Compliance:
Game Pixel Studio conforms to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We follow COPPA regulations in the games and apps we produce.
Data retention and Deletion Policy:
If we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails or phone numbers perhaps obtained through support requests or other correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information will never be shared with any other entities. Any such personal information will not be retained beyond the resolution of the support request or other correspondence.
We hereby inform our users that whenever we will not be needed our user’s affiliated/non-affiliated information, we will delete all their data, wouldn’t matter its nature. Also we will make sure of the exact data deletion of our users by all third party partners. Meanwhile, user can also contact us if wish to discard its data/information. But we will be needed some prior information from that user to delete that information. Feel free to contact us on below given email id for further queries and deletion of your data as well.
If you wish to check or request deletion for any personal information you have submitted to us, contact:
gamepixel56@gmail.com
Data Collection
Use of Data Analytics
Our data collection is strictly limited to the apps and games that the user is using. We collect data of the types and for the purposes listed below:
Game Pixel Studios collects personal data and non-personal data. Personal data may be submitted by the user to us, for instance when providing feedback or raising a support ticket. Non-personally identifiable information is also collected either directly or indirectly with the use of ad networks and app analytics services.
We may also collect and use your mobile advertising ID, where permitted by the policy of the store on which our game is published.
We use the information collected to provide you with the services requested.
In addition to that, we may collect information on how the user interacts with our app. For instance, finding out which features the user likes, chooses or ignores. This information is only gathered after getting approval from the user through agreement with this Privacy Policy. This approval is gathered through an In App Popup
We may also collect data on how the user interacts with our games and apps through partnership with our analytics providers and ad networks. Where permitted, we may use this information to display personalized advertising. This data collection is only carried out after explicitly obtaining user consent through an in app popup.
In case, consent is not given to obtain data for personalized advertising purposes, advertisements will still be served if the app or game is being used. However, they will be less relevant to the user.
Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings)
Tracking
We use analytics services to better understand how users interact with our games and improve our games and ads experience
We do not use remarketing or interest-based advertising in our games and applications made for children
These features include impression reporting, remarketing, integration with DoubleClick and Demographic & Interest reporting. We also use cookies where applicable to gather information. Our systems do not recognize ‘Do not track’ signals. Cookies can be managed by the user through their browser.
Types of Advertising:
We use third party advertising networks to monetize our advertising inventory. Their privacy policies can be accessed at:
Adcolony
AppLovin
Google Admob
ironSource
Unity
We also cross promote our own apps/games in our apps/games, or of other developers with similar data protection policies as us.
Sharing of Data Disclosure:
We “Game Pixel Studios” do not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent. When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following categories of recipients:
⦁Authorities: only to the extent we are obliged to by applicable laws and regulations.
⦁Analytic companies: that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services and will help us improve it. Those partners also usually collect data via their own SDKs.
⦁Ad Partners: that allow us to monetize the ad inventory of our games and provide users with free products and services. Those partners usually collect data via their own tools (Software Development Kits or “SDK”).
User Data Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Payment Information:
If you pay for any Game Pixel Studios item with your banking card, please, pay attention while your card’s number is transferred via the Internet it is securely coded. We (referred to as Game Pixel Studios) duly note that we do not preserve or store any such information of the user. It is directly transferred to the company that works with your bank. In this case payment with a banking card on the Internet isn’t different from any payment for a purchase in a usual shop. Meanwhile, we guarantee the security of your information as well.
Change of the Privacy Policy
Game Pixel Studios has the right to change or terminate this Policy unilaterally without any prior notice of the User. The User is recommended to read this Policy in the current version regularly.
Contact Us:
gamepixel56@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://appmetrica.yandex.com/about/privacy-policy:
Для продолжения работы включите JavaScript.
Supercharge app metrics with data insights
with a one-stop solution for analytics and marketing
Create a free account
Schedule a demo
User-friendly interface:
Everything you need in a single platform
Easy integration with no-code features
A flexible approach to data
11,000
teams
50
countries
60,000
apps
HALA Games
We are using AppMetrica as our main MMP for attribution and advertising purposes in the marketing field. It is a great tool for data analytics. We improved our business a lot after using this.
Multicast games
AppMetrica is an important contributor to our business efficiency. It’s the fastest analytics tool we’ve ever used: installs are visible just a few minutes after we launch user acquisition campaigns and it helps us tremendously to save marketing budgets as we can quickly turn off ad channels with negative ROAS or decrease bids. AppMetrica is also a good tool for tracking key product metrics like engagement, retention, revenue. Crash reports in real-time are also helpful.
Virus Hunter
AppMetrica is our main analytics and user acquisition tool. We actively use product reports to analyze how new features and UI changes impact our app business performance. AppMetrica is also our main tracker as it is integrated with most popular advertising networks and is easy to use.
A1Apps
As most apps we started with Google Firebase which was good for basic product data but as we grew and introduced subscriptions in our service, we needed a more sophisticated but
affordable analytics tool. AppMetrica is now an integral part of our product analytics. It is a cost-efficient way to organize comprehensive analytics for our apps. We find UI really user-friendly.
As we are a subscription-based service, we value Funnel reports a lot as they help us identify
user drop-offs on the way to subscriptions.
Sub-policy 3
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/:
🔎 Explore our latest A/B testing enhancements.
Read it here
Join User Analysis Beta
Market Research
Analytics
Powerful analytics
How It Works
Quick 4-step setup guide
In-depth Analytics
Make better games with data
Live Ops
Live operations made easy
Integrations
Works with 20+ game engines
Upgrade to Pro
Pro Overview
Explore advanced features
Store Intelligence
Top charts and trending games
Benchmarks
Next-level industry insights
Metrics API
Key metrics from all your games
Data Tools
DataSuite
Do much more with your data
Data Warehouse
Switch on your own data warehouse
Data Export
Your data delivered in JSON format
Resources
Insights & support
Documentation
Detailed technical documentation
Case Studies
Learn how others use GameAnalytics
Feedback
Submit your feature requests
Blog
The #1 game industry blog
Reports & Guides
Our own research and insights
Support
Contact our support team
Pricing
Login
Sign up
Go to tool
Terms & Conditions
EU Data Processing Addendum
China Data Processing Agreement
Developer Policy
Copyright Infringement Reporting
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
China PIPL Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Trust Report
SOC 2 Type II
Our ISO/IEC 27001 Certification
KidSAFE COPPA Certified
ePrivacy Seal & OBA Compliance
Legal
Terms & Conditions
EU Data Processing Addendum
China Data Processing Agreement
Developer Policy
Copyright Infringement Reporting
Privacy
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
China PIPL Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Security
Trust Report
SOC 2 Type II
Our ISO/IEC 27001 Certification
KidSAFE COPPA Certified
ePrivacy Seal & OBA Compliance
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Effective Date: 21st August 2023
Version: 2.2
Who we are and what we do
We are GameAnalytics ApS, a company registered in Denmark under company number 34043221, with our registered office at Pilestræde 58, 2, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Our affiliate, GameAnalytics Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 09214168, with their registered office at 18 Soho Square, London, England, W1D 3QL.
GameAnalytics Limited is registered with the UK supervisory authority, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in relation to our processing of Personal Data under registration number ZA439557.
We are an ‘in game’ analytics service provider, working in partnership with developers around the world to monitor and improve everything about their games.
GameAnalytics ApS, together with its affiliate GameAnalytics Limited, (“GameAnalytics”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all Personal Data processed as part of its business activities.
Unless we notify you otherwise, we are the controller of the Personal Data we process about you. This means that we decide what Personal Data to collect and how to process it.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you and how we process it. This privacy notice also explains your rights, so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the ‘How to contact us’ section.
For residents in Mainland China, please read the GameAnalytics China PIPL Privacy Notice at https://gameanalytics.com/legal/pipl-china.
Who this privacy notice applies to
This privacy notice applies to you if:
You visit our website
You register and/or create a GameAnalytics Account
You enquire about our products and/or services
You purchase goods or services from us
You are an existing client
You contact us by email, telephone or by using our online contact form
You sign up to receive newsletters and/or other promotional communications from us
What Personal Data is
‘‘Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
‘Special Category Personal Data’ is more sensitive Personal Data and includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying someone, data concerning physical or mental health or data concerning someone’s sex life or sexual orientation.  Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
Personal Data we collect
The type of Personal Data we collect about you will depend on our relationship with you. For the type of Personal Data we collect, see the table below in the section entitled ‘Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases’.
How we collect your Personal Data
We collect most of the Personal Data directly from you in person, by telephone, text or email and/or via our website.
However, we may also collect your Personal Data from third parties such as:
reputable companies who provide lead generation contact lists
others to whom you have provided consent
publicly available sources such as social media platforms
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services
advertising networks
analytics and tracking software providers and
search information providers
Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances
:
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Processing
Responding to correspondence from you
It is in our legitimate interest to respond to enquiries made via our website, by email, through our social channels or any other means.
Sending you information on sales events or product information which may be of interest
If you are an existing customer or have expressed an interest in our products or services, we will rely on legitimate interests to contact you for marketing purposes.
You may object to the processing for this purpose by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com. If we have captured your consent for the purposes of marketing, that consent may be withdrawn at any time by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com or using the unsubscribe option.
Provision of our services
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between us.
To maintain a record of contact for current client engagement
It is our legitimate interest to maintain a record of the contact we have with you within our client database.
Business management, forecasting and statistical purposes
It is our legitimate interest to identify areas for managing current business relationships, develop new products and services, and for managing our business.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience
It is our legitimate interest to allow analytics and search engine providers to help improve and optimise our websites.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience.
We use cookies on our websites with your consent.
Improving our platform and the overall client experience.
It is our legitimate interest to utilise analytical and tracking software to help improve and optimise our client platform.
Where Personal Data is processed because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, we will be unable to provide our services without the required information.
Sharing your Personal Data
We may also disclose your information to third parties in connection with other purposes set out in this privacy notice. These third parties may include:
business partners, suppliers and sub-processors* who may process information on our behalf
advertisers, social media platforms, and advertising networks
analytics and search engine providers
IT service providers
*A list of our sub-processors is available upon request.
This site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our site, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Where we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, we may disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors, and/or, where we consider necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GameAnalytics, its personnel, users or others.
International Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred internationally, this is because the organisations we use to provide our service to you are based outside the EU/UK.
We have taken appropriate steps to ensure that any Personal Data being processed internationally, still has an equivalent level of protection to that guaranteed in the EU/UK. We do this by ensuring that:
Your Personal Data is only processed in a country which the Secretary of State has confirmed has an adequate level of protection (an adequacy regulation) or
We either enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses or an International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) with the receiving organisation and adopt supplementary measures where necessary. (A copy of the IDTA can be found here international-data-transfer-agreement.pdf (ico.org.uk))
How long we keep your data
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with our services and for a reasonable period thereafter to enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations and to deal with complaints and claims.
At the end of the retention period, your personal data will be securely deleted or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data, so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
How we protect your data
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
GameAnalytics is SOC2 Type II** compliant and
ISO27001 certified
. You can review our real-time
Trust Report
and address any inquiries that you may have at
security@gameanalytics.com
.
** The SOC2 Type II Report is available upon request.
In addition to the technical and organisational measures we have put in place, there are simple things you can do to in order to further protect your personal information, such as:
Never share One Time Passcodes (OTPs) or passwords.
Never enter your details after clicking on a link in an email or text message.
Always send confidential information by encrypted email to reduce risk of interception.
If you’re logged into any online service do not leave your computer unattended.
Close down your internet browser once you’ve logged off.
Never download software or let anyone log on to your computer or devices remotely, during or after a cold call.
You can easily identify secure websites by looking at the address in the top of your browser which will begin https:// rather than http://.
Your data protection rights
GameAnalytics would like to make sure you are fully aware of your rights. We will always ensure, no matter where you are located in the world, that we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights.
You have the following rights if you are located in the EU or UK:
Rights
Description
Right to be informed
Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
Right of access
Individuals have the right to receive a copy of their personal data, and other supplementary information.
Right to rectification
Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete.
Right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
Individuals have the right to request their personal information to be erased, in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing
Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data, in certain circumstances, in particular:
if your data is not accurate;
if your data has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it;
if your data is no longer needed, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims; or
if you have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting to receive confirmation from us as to whether we can comply with your request.
Right to data portability
Individuals have the right to obtain and reuse their personal data, in a machine-readable format, for their own purposes across different services, in certain circumstances.
Right to object
Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal data, in certain circumstances.
Where we are using your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, you can object to us using it this way.
Where we are using your personal data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you have an absolute right to ask us to stop doing so.
Rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling
Individuals have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
In addition to the above, an individual also has the following rights:
Rights
Description
Right to withdraw consent
(if applicable)
Where we are using your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link
.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Exercising your data protection rights
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your data protection rights, please email
privacy@gameanalytics.com
.
Recruitment
We may advertise job vacancies and opportunities on the careers section of our website, for more information on how we process candidate information please read our recruitment privacy notice.
Children’s Privacy
GameAnalytics is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and protecting the online privacy of children under the age of 13. Our services are not directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information, including persistent identifiers, from such individuals without verifiable parental consent.
As required by COPPA, our privacy policy clearly states that we do not share personal information or persistent identifiers related to children with third parties.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with their Personal Data without your consent, please contact us via email at
privacy@gameanalytics.com
or via phone at +45 20110132.
By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our commitment to COPPA compliance and our practices regarding the collection and use of personal information from children.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies do lots of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and providing you with content that is relevant to you.
We use cookies on our website, more information about which can be found within our
Cookie Policy
.
How to contact us
If you would like to exercise your statutory data protection rights, or if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle personal data, please contact us using the details below.
Danish office:
GameAnalytics ApS
Pilestræde 58, 2,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
Email: dkoffice@gameanalytics.com
UK office:
GameAnalytics Limited
18 Soho Square,
London,
W1D 3QL
Email: ukoffice@gameanalytics.com.
Please send your communication clearly indicating ‘F.A.O. Data Protection Officer’ and your message will be passed directly to the DPO for attention.
How To Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Data.
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can contact them and/or submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify you of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
×
Subscribe
×
activity-line
android
apple
ball
browser
btn-arrow-down
btn-arrow-down
c++
c#
caps-arrow
caution
close
comment
down-arrow
external
handheld
house
icon-next
icon-prev
ios
js
listen
macos
meta
mobile-menu
palette
play
read
satellite
search
social-facebook
social-instagram
social-linkedin
social-twitter
sofa
square
team
tiles
unity
unreal
up-arrow
user
windows
winner
yay
×
Our website uses cookies
GameAnalytics would like to use our own and 10 selected third party cookies or similar technologies for necessary, analytical, and marketing purposes. You can set your preferences by selecting the options below, and withdraw your consent anytime via the shield icon.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 4
https://www.blogger.com/profile/13274511497659017469:
Privacy Policy
On Blogger since
January 2022
Profile views
-
16
Report Abuse
My blogs
Privacy Policy
About me
Main menu
Google apps