Legal Information
Supplemental Privacy Statement/ Unity AR Companion App
Supplemental Privacy Statement/ Unity AR Companion App
Last Updated: April 6, 2022
Introduction & Scope
Welcome to the Unity AR Companion App. This Privacy Statement will provide you with information on Unity’s (herein “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Unity”) processing activities with respect to your Personal Information collected through your use of the Unity AR Companion App.
Please refer to Unity’s main
Privacy Policy
to further understand our data processing activities with respect to your Unity account data, data collected as a result of your use of Unity MARS, and other data collected as a result of your use of Unity’s Site, Products or Services as well as your rights with respect to those activities.
Personal Information We Collect and its Sources
By downloading and using the Unity AR Companion App, Unity actively collects the following personal information directly from you, your device, or the Unity AR Companion App:
If you choose to log in with your Unity account, Unity collects those account details.
If you grant access to your camera and select to use storage services, Unity will store your selected images from your phone or device on our cloud servers. While using these features we ask that you be aware of your surroundings and be considerate of others.
By downloading and using the Unity AR Companion App, Unity may passively and automatically collect the below Personal Information from to perform usage analyses and to carry out the functions of the App, such as license checks.
When you use Unity AR Companion App, it may automatically make Internet connections to check for updates, validate your license keys, and provide us with usage statistics, which we aggregate with usage statistics from other users. We may employ third-party analytics services to collect and analyze use of the Unity AR Companion App.
Other information: We may obtain additional information about you from third parties such as the store from which you download the Unity AR Companion App.
For more information on other Personal Information that Unity collects through your Unity account, your use of Unity AR, and your use of other Unity Site, Products or Services, please see our main
Privacy Policy
. For information on cookies, and similar technologies that may collect information through your use of Unity’s Site, Products, and Services, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Purpose of Collecting Personal Information
(How we use your Data)
We primarily use the Personal Information we collect through your download and use of the Unity AR Companion App to provide, administer, operate and improve the Unity AR Companion App and its related Services (together, “Services”). Specifically, we may use your Personal Information for the below purposes.
Please note: Our legal basis for collection and use as required by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/ 679 (“GDPR”) can be found at the end of each bulleted list below.
Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests
To provide the Services’ functionality to you, such as arranging access to the AR Companion App, and providing you with related customer service, including troubleshooting, technical support and service restoration.
To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
Legal Basis: We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Please note:
Despite Unity’s legal basis for storing your information, such as your images, being to perform our contractual obligations to you, you may need to collect consent from your end users under other laws, such as Illinois’ Biometric Information Privacy Act, or for your own compliance in the EU. Our terms provide that you are responsible for any required consent with respect to the images collected. We provide some guidance in product documentation that you may choose to use with your own legal counsel in designing your consents for your users.
Analysis of Personal Information for business reporting and providing personalized services.
To analyze or predict our users’ preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve the Unity AR Companion App.
To perform analytics and research aimed at improving the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of our products and services.
Legal Basis: We will perform analyses with your consent or because we have a
legitimate interest
or your consent.
We will provide personalized services either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest.
Aggregating and/or anonymizing Personal Information.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
Accomplishing our business purposes.
For data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of the Unity AR Companion App;
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;
To enforce the relevant terms of service or licenses, and protect users;
For fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
To link to or combine with other information we have gathered;
For developing new products and services;
For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current products and services and/or assisting our developers with this activity;
For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users; and
For operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our users or assisting our developers with this activity within their business so we can focus our and their energies and resources on meeting our users’ interests;
Legal Basis: We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have your consent or a legitimate interest.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate:
(a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; and (h) for any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
For more information on the purposes of collecting Personal Information that Unity collects through your Unity account, your use of Unity MARS, and your use of Unity’s Site, Products or Services, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Who We May Share Data With
For information on who we share the Personal Information that Unity collects, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Accessing/ Updating/ Deleting Your Information
To access, update, or delete images from your device that are stored on our cloud servers, please do so in the Storage Location of Unity Editor.
For more information on accessing, updating or deleting your Personal Information that Unity collects through your Unity account, your use of Unity MARS, and your use of Unity’s Site, Products or Services, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Our Policies Concerning Children
For more information on our policies concerning the collection of information from children, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Your Choices about Unity’s Collection and Use of Your Data
You always have the option to refrain from using the Unity AR Companion App if you do not want information collected about you from it.
You can choose to use the Unity AR Companion App in a manner that limits the data we collect. Specifically:
You can choose to create a local project that is not synced to our cloud servers.
If you choose to use the Unity AR Companion App as an Anonymous (no linked Unity Account) or a Unity non-AR User (Unity Account but not affiliated to a AR entitled org), your changes will be stored locally on your device and not synced to our cloud servers.
If you choose to use the Unity AR Companion App as a Unity MARS User (Unity Account and affiliated with a MARS entitled org), your changes are synced to our cloud servers.
Note: All changes that have not synced to our cloud servers shall be stored locally on your device and can be synced once you authenticate with a Unity MARS entitlement. Should you login with a different username, local changes are converted to an unlinked project.
You can access, update, and delete your information as described in "Accessing and Deleting Your Information."
We may use analytics tools to understand how the Unity AR Companion App is used and to improve experiences. If you want to know more about the use of such a tool, please email
dpo@unity3d.com
for more information.
Transfers out of Country of Collection
For information on transfers out of the country in which Personal Information was collected, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Safeguards
For more information on how we safeguard your Personal Information, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Privacy Rights
For information on Privacy Rights please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
Links to Other Sites
As a reminder, this statement only describes Unity’s practices with regards to the Unity AR Companion App.
Please refer to Unity’s main
Privacy Policy
to understand our data processing activities with respect to your Unity account data, data collected as a result of your use of Unity MARS, and other data collected as a result of your use of Unity’s Site, Products or Services as well as your rights with respect to those activities.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to change our practices and this statement at any time. We may send an email or provide notice within some or all of our offerings when this statement changes. We encourage you to check this page regularly so that you know what our current practices are.
Contact Us
DPO@unity3d.com
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools