PRIVACY POLICY
The term
“Camel Cash Game”
means Camel Cash Game, Inc. and/or its Affiliates. The term
“Affiliate”
means, with respect to any party, any person or entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such party. The term
“Camel Cash Game Offering”
means the websites, mobile games, app of Camel Cash Game, including
www.camelcashgame.com
, any other sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and any other Camel Cash Game application, service, or product licensed, downloaded, or otherwise accessed by you through third-party sites or sources, including the products and services available through any of the foregoing
.
Camel Motion,Inc. is committed to ensuring the privacy and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you provide us with your phone number for the purpose of receiving One Time Passwords (OTPs).
Information We Collect
We may collect the following personal information when you provide it to us voluntarily:
Phone Number:
We collect your phone number solely for the purpose of sending OTPs to verify your identity during account registration, login, or certain transactions on our platform.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect to:
Send OTPs:
Your phone number is used exclusively to send OTPs for the purpose of verifying your identity and ensuring the security of your account and transactions.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties. Your phone number is strictly used for internal purposes and is not shared with any external parties, except as required by law
Retention of Your Information
We retain your phone number for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
Your Rights and Choices
You have the right to:
Opt-out: You may choose not to provide your phone number, however, this may limit your ability to access certain features or services that require OTP verification.
Access: You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and request that we update, correct, or delete any inaccuracies.
Withdraw Consent: If you have previously provided consent for the collection or use of your personal information, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at
support@camelcashgame.com
.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
When you register a profile with Camel Cash Game, your profile including any information (name, address, gender) will be registered with Camel Cash Game. When you identify yourself on a Camel Cash Game site or game, you may identify yourself using a Camel Cash Game account. When you identify yourself on a Camel Cash Game site, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which Camel Cash Game may receive additional information about your profile. In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don’t generally collect any Personally-Identifying Information about our users (such as social security number, street address, drivers license number, etc.), the exception being for billing and payments where we store your billing information such as name, street address, phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used Camel Cash Game Games, which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
For example, Camel Cash Game may collect and store some or all of the following information shared by the provider of the connected third-party application(like Facebook):
your first and last name;
your profile picture or its URL;
your user ID number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly available information like your name and profile photo;
the user ID number and other public data for your friends;
the login e-mail you provided to that third-party application when you registered with it;
your physical location and that of the devices you use to access our Services;
your gender;
your birthday and/or age range;
information about your activities on or through the connected third-party application;
other publicly available information on the third-party application; and/or
any other information that you or the provider of the third-party application share with Camel Cash Game.
Cookies and Automated Information Collection
We and service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as:
cookies, which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes;
web beacons, which let us know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened;
tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively; and
local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences, and speed up load times. We and our service providers use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:
IP addresses;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
your operating system version;
your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);
your browser types;
your browser language;
referring and exit pages, and URLs;
platform type;
the number of clicks on a page or feature;
domain names;
landing pages;
pages viewed and the order of those pages;
the amount of time spent on particular pages; and
game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games.
Other Information from Your Mobile Device
If you play Camel Cash Game games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
the email address associated with your device;
your telephone number;
your country; and
your specific geolocation;
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
When you use a Mobile App, which includes telephones and other devices such as tablets, you agree that information about your use of the Service through your mobile device and carrier may be communicated to us. This information includes, but is not limited to your carrier, device, geo-location, IP address, telephone number, country, or other information you provide. With your permission, we may also access your contacts. Your carrier’s standard fees and rates will still apply, including without limitation SMS/text messaging fees, and you accept responsibility for all charges. When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content.
Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users accessing the Camel Cash Game site, playing Camel Cash Game games, using SNS Apps on other sites or using Mobile Apps, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser histories, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time (Activity Information). By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information in anonymous form as long as Camel Cash Game sees fit.
How We Use the Information We Collect
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide a better gaming experience, but there are other uses as well. The uses for which we collect and store your information include:
to operate, improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences;
to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games;
to identify and suggest connections with other Camel Cash Game players and personalize our Services to you;
to enable players to communicate with each other;
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect Camel Cash Game’s rights and property in connection with our Services;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms of Service;
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
to notify players of in-game updates, new products, or proCash Gameal offers;
to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other proCash Gameal activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to conduct research.
One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to Camel Cash Game, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries, and keep you informed of your in-game activity. We may also send proCash Gameal e-mail messages and proCash Gameal SMS messages (e.g. text messages) (“ProCash Gameal Communications”) directly or in partnership with other parties. Each ProCash Gameal Communication will offer you choices about receiving additional messages.
Your Rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent on the legal basis which we rely upon for the relevant processing activity (see “How Camel Cash Game Uses Your Information” section), you have certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
Support@camelcashgame.com
. In some cases, Camel Cash Game may ask you to submit additional information (for example, your first name, last name, your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services, etc.) in order to identify you as the user of Camel Cash Game’s Services and data subject before responding to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse to comply with a request where permitted by law, for example, if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, the response period to your request may be extended where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests.
Access and Correction
You can receive confirmation from us if about whether we are holding personal data about you and can receive access to a copy of the information. You can also correct and complete incorrect information.
Deletion and Restriction
You can request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of data associated with you by contacting us at
Support@camelcashgame.com.
We will delete all associated data within 30 days after receiving the request. You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing Camel Cash Game’s application from your social network or third-party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third-party service.
Business Transfers:
As Camel Cash Game continues to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Camel Cash Game or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Camel Cash Game and Others:
We may also disclose your information if there is a violation of the
Terms of Use
or other agreements; if we have a good faith belief that the law requires it; or if needed to protect the rights, property, or safety of Camel Cash Game, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for fraud detection and protection, and credit risk reduction.
Mobile Advertising:
Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt-out of the collection and use of information from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on your device.
Social Games:
With respect to Social Games, you may manage your own social network privacy preferences through your social networking site account.
Third Parties
Camel Cash Game Offerings may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by logging in through a social media account or using a “Like” button”) or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and your settings on those services. Camel Cash Game has no control over and is not responsible for, the information submitted to or collected by social networks or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third-party privacy policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by such third parties.
Chat and Messaging
Camel Cash Game Offerings may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. When posting to a message board or chat area, the information is being made publicly available in an online environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user.
Agreement with Camel Cash Game Privacy Policy
By accessing and/or using any of the Camel Cash Game Offerings, you signify your understanding of and agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our
Terms of S
erv
ice
. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any Camel Cash Game Offerings.
Additional Questions
Again, feel free to contact us by sending an email to
Support@camelcashgame.com,
any time, if you have further questions about Camel Cash Game or this Privacy Policy, or if you want to receive a previous version of this document.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Camel Cash Game protects your information
Deletion and Restriction
You can request that we that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of data associated with you by contacting us at
privacy@camelcashgame.com
. We will delete all associated data within 30 days after receiving the request. You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Phonato Studios’s application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service.