App Privacy Policy
Go to the english version of this App Privacy English
Scratch Adventure App Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („Richtlinie“ oder „Datenschutzrichtlinie“)  beschreibt, wie die persönlich identifizierbaren Daten („Persönliche Daten“), die Sie in der „Scratch Adventure“-Mobilanwendung („Mobilanwendung“ oder „Dienst“) und allen damit verbundenen (Unter-) Produkten und Diensten (zusammenfassend „Dienste“) zur Verfügung stellen, gesammelt, geschützt und verwendet werden. Sie beschreibt auch die Wahlmöglichkeiten, die Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Verwendung Ihrer persönlichen Daten zur Verfügung stehen, und wie Sie auf diese Informationen zugreifen und sie aktualisieren können. Diese Richtlinie ist eine rechtsverbindliche Vereinbarung zwischen Ihnen („Nutzer“, „Sie“ oder „Ihr“) und dem Entwickler der Mobilanwendung („Betreiber“, „wir“, „uns“ oder „unser“). Durch den Zugriff auf und die Nutzung der Mobilanwendung und der Dienste bestätigen Sie, dass Sie die Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung gelesen und verstanden haben und sich damit einverstanden erklären, an diese gebunden zu sein. Diese Richtlinie gilt nicht für die Praktiken von Unternehmen, die wir nicht besitzen oder kontrollieren, oder für Personen, die wir nicht beschäftigen oder verwalten.
Scratch Adventure ist der Verantwortliche für die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir oder unsere Auftragsverarbeiter gemäß Artikel 4 Absatz 7 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 DES EUROPÄISCHEN PARLAMENTS UND DES RATES vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutz natürlicher Personen bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten und zum freien Datenverkehr und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 95/46/EG (Allgemeine Datenschutzverordnung) oder GDPR verarbeiten.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzrichtlinie vollständig zu lesen, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie vollständig informiert sind. Wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder zur Praxis der Datenerfassung, -nutzung und -weitergabe durch Scratch Adventure haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter:
info@scratchadventure.com
.
Es ist wichtig, die Grundsätze von Scratch Adventure in Bezug auf die Privatsphäre der Benutzer und den Datenschutz hervorzuheben:
(i) Wir glauben, dass die Privatsphäre der Nutzer und der Datenschutz ein Menschenrecht sind.
(ii) Wir nehmen den Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre ernst und erkennen an, dass wir eine Sorgfaltspflicht gegenüber den Personen haben, deren Daten wir besitzen.
(iii) Wir werden nur dann Daten erheben und verarbeiten, wenn es absolut notwendig ist, und wenn wir dies tun, werden wir deutlich machen, warum wir dies tun und wie die Daten verwendet werden.
Für wen gilt diese Datenschutzerklärung?
Diese Datenschutzerklärung ist für Nutzer der Scratch Adventure Mobilanwendung relevant.
Worum geht es in dieser Datenschutzerklärung?
Wir haben dieses Dokument erstellt, um zu beschreiben, wie wir personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten, was und warum wir sie verarbeiten, an wen diese Daten weitergegeben werden, was Ihre Rechte sind und wen Sie für weitere Informationen oder Anfragen kontaktieren können.
Welche personenbezogenen Daten erfassen wir?
Sie können auf die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste zugreifen und diese nutzen, ohne uns mitzuteilen, wer Sie sind, oder Informationen preiszugeben, durch die jemand Sie als eine bestimmte, identifizierbare Person identifizieren könnte. Wenn Sie jedoch einige der Funktionen der Mobilanwendung nutzen möchten, werden Sie möglicherweise aufgefordert, bestimmte personenbezogene Daten anzugeben (z. B. Ihren Namen und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse). Wir erhalten und speichern alle Informationen, die Sie uns wissentlich zur Verfügung stellen, wenn Sie Inhalte veröffentlichen, einen Kauf tätigen oder Online-Formulare in der Mobilanwendung ausfüllen. Wenn erforderlich, können diese Informationen Folgendes umfassen:
– Bestimmte Funktionen auf dem Mobilgerät wie Kontakte, Kalender, Galerie, etc.
– Alle anderen Materialien, die Sie uns freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen, wie z. B. Bilder, Videos, Feedback, etc.
Einige der Informationen, die wir sammeln, werden direkt von Ihnen über die Mobilanwendung erfasst, während Sie unsere Dienste nutzen. Wir können jedoch auch personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf Sie aus anderen Quellen wie öffentlichen Datenbanken und unseren gemeinsamen Marketingpartnern erfassen. Sie können sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung zu stellen, aber dann können Sie möglicherweise einige der Funktionen der Mobilanwendung nicht nutzen. Nutzer, die sich nicht sicher sind, welche Informationen obligatorisch sind, können sich gerne an uns wenden. Sie können dies tun, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen: info@scratchadventure.com
Automatische Erfassung von Informationen
Die Sicherheit der Kundendaten hat für uns oberste Priorität, weshalb wir die No-Logs-Politik anwenden. Wir dürfen nur minimale Benutzerdaten verarbeiten, nur so viel, wie es für die Aufrechterhaltung der Mobilanwendung und der Dienste unbedingt erforderlich ist. Automatisch gesammelte Informationen werden nur verwendet, um mögliche Missbrauchsfälle zu identifizieren und statistische Informationen über die Nutzung der Mobilanwendung und der Dienste zu erstellen. Diese statistischen Informationen werden ansonsten nicht in einer Weise zusammengefasst, die Rückschlüsse auf einen bestimmten Nutzer des Systems zulässt.
Nutzung und Verarbeitung der gesammelten Informationen
Um Ihnen die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen zu können oder um einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung nachzukommen, müssen wir bestimmte personenbezogene Daten erheben und verwenden. Wenn Sie die von uns angeforderten Informationen nicht bereitstellen, können wir Ihnen die angeforderten Produkte oder Dienste möglicherweise nicht zur Verfügung stellen. Alle Informationen, die wir von Ihnen sammeln, können für die folgenden Zwecke verwendet werden:
– Erfüllen und Verwalten von Bestellungen
– Lieferung von Produkten und Dienstleistungen
– Verbesserung von Produkten und Dienstleistungen
– Beantwortung von Anfragen und Bereitstellung von Support
– Verbessern der Benutzerfreundlichkeit
– Schutz vor Missbrauch und böswilligen Benutzern
– Reagieren auf rechtliche Anfragen und Verhindern von Schaden
– die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste zu betreiben und zu nutzen
Zweck der Verwendung der personenbezogenen Daten
Wir können die Persönlichen Daten für die folgenden Zwecke verwenden:
(i) Sie haben Ihre Einwilligung für einen oder mehrere bestimmte Zwecke gegeben;
(ii) die Bereitstellung der Daten ist für die Erfüllung eines Vertrages mit Ihnen und/oder für vorvertragliche Verpflichtungen erforderlich;
(iii) die Verarbeitung ist zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung erforderlich, der Sie unterliegen.
Wir versichern, dass wir Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht für andere als die aufgeführten Zwecke verwenden. Wir werden keine Daten speichern, die nicht für unsere Zwecke erforderlich sind, und werden sie nicht länger als nötig aufbewahren. Darüber hinaus werden wir diese Daten nicht an andere Drittverarbeiter verkaufen oder weitergeben.
Beachten Sie, dass wir nach einigen Gesetzgebungen Daten so lange verarbeiten dürfen, bis Sie einer solchen Verarbeitung widersprechen (durch Opt-out), ohne dass wir uns auf eine Einwilligung oder eine der anderen unten genannten Rechtsgrundlagen berufen müssen. In jedem Fall klären wir Sie gerne über die konkrete Rechtsgrundlage auf, die für die Verarbeitung gilt, insbesondere darüber, ob die Bereitstellung der personenbezogenen Daten eine gesetzliche oder vertragliche Verpflichtung oder eine Voraussetzung für den Abschluss eines Vertrags ist. Hierzu können Sie sich unter
info@scratchadventure.com
an uns wenden.
Abrechnung und Zahlungen
Wir verwenden Drittverarbeiter für Zahlungen, um uns bei der sicheren Verarbeitung Ihrer Zahlungsinformationen zu unterstützen. Die Verwendung Ihrer persönlichen Daten durch diese Drittanbieter unterliegt deren jeweiligen Datenschutzrichtlinien, die unter Umständen nicht den gleichen Schutz bieten wie diese Richtlinie. Wir schlagen vor, dass Sie die jeweiligen Datenschutzrichtlinien überprüfen. Es ist wichtig zu betonen, dass Scratch Adventure nicht für unsere Drittanbieter-Zahlungsprozessoren verantwortlich gemacht werden kann.
Offenlegung von Informationen
Abhängig von den angeforderten Diensten oder soweit erforderlich, um eine Transaktion abzuschließen oder einen von Ihnen angeforderten Dienst zu erbringen, können wir Verträge mit anderen Unternehmen abschließen und Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung an unsere vertrauenswürdigen Dritten, die mit uns zusammenarbeiten, sowie an andere verbundene Unternehmen und Tochtergesellschaften weitergeben, auf die wir uns verlassen, um den Betrieb der Mobilanwendung und der Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Dienste zu unterstützen. Wir geben keine personenbezogenen Daten an nicht verbundene Dritte weiter. Diese Dienstleister sind nicht befugt, Ihre Daten zu verwenden oder weiterzugeben, es sei denn, dies ist erforderlich, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen oder gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen. Wir dürfen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu diesen Zwecken nur an Dritte weitergeben, deren Datenschutzrichtlinien mit unseren übereinstimmen oder die sich bereit erklären, unsere Richtlinien in Bezug auf personenbezogene Daten zu befolgen. Diese Dritten erhalten personenbezogene Daten, die sie nur benötigen, um die ihnen zugewiesenen Aufgaben zu erfüllen, und wir ermächtigen sie nicht, personenbezogene Daten für ihre eigenen Marketing- oder sonstigen Zwecke zu verwenden oder offenzulegen.
Für den Fall, dass wir einen Geschäftsübergang durchlaufen, wie z. B. eine Fusion oder Übernahme durch ein anderes Unternehmen oder den Verkauf aller oder eines Teils seiner Vermögenswerte, werden Ihr Benutzerkonto und Ihre persönlichen Daten wahrscheinlich zu den übertragenen Vermögenswerten gehören.
Bis auf Weiteres nutzt Scratch Adventure die Server von Firebase. Weitere Informationen finden Sie hier: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Aufbewahrung von Informationen
Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für den Zeitraum aufbewahren und verwenden, der erforderlich ist, um unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Streitigkeiten zu lösen und unsere Vereinbarungen durchzusetzen, es sei denn, eine längere Aufbewahrungsfrist ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder zulässig. Wir können alle aggregierten Daten, die von Ihren Persönlichen Daten abgeleitet sind oder diese enthalten, verwenden, nachdem Sie diese aktualisiert oder gelöscht haben, jedoch nicht in einer Weise, die Sie persönlich identifizieren würde. Nach Ablauf der Aufbewahrungsfrist werden die personenbezogenen Daten gelöscht. Das Gleiche gilt für die Daten, die von unserem(n) Auftragsverarbeiter(n) verarbeitet werden. Daher können das Recht auf Auskunft, das Recht auf Löschung, das Recht auf Berichtigung und das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit nach Ablauf der Aufbewahrungsfrist nicht mehr geltend gemacht werden.
Weitergabe von Informationen
Wir werden personenbezogene Daten nur dann an andere weitergeben, wenn dies gesetzlich zulässig ist. Persönliche Daten im Besitz von Scratch Adventure können übertragen werden an:
unsere(n) Auftragsverarbeiter, die für die Erfüllung einer Aufgabe beauftragt werden.
Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten an unsere Auftragsverarbeiter weitergeben, geschieht dies im Rahmen vertraglicher Vereinbarungen, um hinreichende Garantien dafür zu bieten, dass letztere geeignete technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen so umsetzen, dass die Verarbeitung den Anforderungen der GDPR entspricht.
Strafverfolgungsbehörden oder andere Regierungs- und Aufsichtsbehörden oder an andere Dritte, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, in Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden Gesetzen oder Vorschriften.
Gelegentlich erhalten wir Anfragen von Dritten, die befugt sind, personenbezogene Daten offenzulegen, z. B. um zu prüfen, ob wir geltende Gesetze und Vorschriften einhalten, um eine angebliche Straftat zu untersuchen oder um gesetzliche Rechte zu begründen, auszuüben oder zu verteidigen. Wir werden Anfragen nach personenbezogenen Daten nur dann nachkommen, wenn wir nach geltendem Recht oder geltenden Vorschriften dazu berechtigt sind.
Abhängig von Ihrem Standort können Datenübertragungen die Übertragung und Speicherung Ihrer Informationen in einem anderen Land als Ihrem eigenen beinhalten. Die von Scratch Adventure verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten werden jedoch nur in der Europäischen Union, genauer gesagt in Frankfurt, Deutschland, gespeichert.
Die Rechte der Benutzer
Sie können bestimmte Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre von uns verarbeiteten Daten ausüben. Insbesondere haben Sie das Recht, das Folgende zu tun:
(i) Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung zu widerrufen, wenn Sie zuvor Ihre Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten gegeben haben;
(ii) Sie haben das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu widersprechen, wenn die Verarbeitung auf einer anderen Rechtsgrundlage als der Einwilligung erfolgt. Werden personenbezogene Daten für die Zwecke der von uns verfolgten berechtigten Interessen verarbeitet, können Sie gegen diese Verarbeitung Widerspruch einlegen, indem Sie einen auf Ihre besondere Situation bezogenen Grund zur Rechtfertigung des Widerspruchs angeben. Sie müssen jedoch wissen, dass Sie, sollten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu Zwecken des Direktmarketings verarbeitet werden, dieser Verarbeitung jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen widersprechen können.
(iii) Sie haben das Recht zu erfahren, ob Daten von uns verarbeitet werden, Auskunft über bestimmte Aspekte der Verarbeitung zu erhalten und eine Kopie der Daten zu erhalten, die verarbeitet werden;
(iv) Sie haben das Recht, die Richtigkeit Ihrer Daten zu überprüfen und deren Aktualisierung oder Berichtigung zu verlangen;
(v) Sie haben das Recht, unter bestimmten Umständen die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten einzuschränken; in diesem Fall werden wir Ihre Daten zu keinem anderen Zweck als der Speicherung verarbeiten;
(vi) Sie haben unter bestimmten Umständen das Recht, von uns die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen;
(vii) Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Daten in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten und, sofern technisch möglich, diese ungehindert an einen anderen Verantwortlichen zu übermitteln. Diese Bestimmung gilt unter der Voraussetzung, dass Ihre Daten mit Hilfe automatisierter Verfahren verarbeitet werden und die Verarbeitung auf Ihrer Einwilligung, auf einem Vertrag, dessen Teil Sie sind, oder auf vorvertraglichen Verpflichtungen beruht.
(viii) Sie haben das Recht, sich bei einer Datenschutzbehörde über die Erhebung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu beschweren. Für weitere Informationen wenden Sie sich bitte an Ihre lokale Datenschutzbehörde im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) oder konsultieren Sie die folgende Liste: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Kalifornische Datenschutzrechte
Zusätzlich zu den in dieser Richtlinie erläuterten Rechten haben Einwohner von Kalifornien, die personenbezogene Daten (wie im Gesetz definiert) zur Verfügung stellen, um Produkte oder Dienstleistungen für den persönlichen, familiären oder häuslichen Gebrauch zu erhalten, das Recht, einmal pro Kalenderjahr von uns Informationen über die personenbezogenen Daten anzufordern und zu erhalten, die wir ggf. an andere Unternehmen zu Marketingzwecken weitergegeben haben. Falls zutreffend, würden diese Informationen die Kategorien der persönlichen Daten sowie die Namen und Adressen der Unternehmen enthalten, mit denen wir diese persönlichen Daten für das unmittelbar vorangegangene Kalenderjahr geteilt haben (z. B. erhalten Anfragen, die im laufenden Jahr gestellt werden, Informationen über das Vorjahr). Um diese Informationen zu erhalten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte.
Wie Sie diese Rechte ausüben können
Alle Anfragen zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte können über die in diesem Dokument angegebenen Kontaktdaten an den Betreiber gerichtet werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Sie möglicherweise auffordern, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, bevor wir auf solche Anfragen antworten. Ihre Anfrage muss ausreichende Informationen enthalten, die es uns ermöglichen, zu überprüfen, ob Sie die Person sind, die Sie vorgeben zu sein, oder ob Sie der bevollmächtigte Vertreter einer solchen Person sind. Sie müssen ausreichende Angaben machen, die es uns ermöglichen, die Anfrage richtig zu verstehen und sie zu beantworten. Wir können Ihre Anfrage nicht beantworten oder Ihnen personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir nicht zuerst Ihre Identität oder Ihre Befugnis, eine solche Anfrage zu stellen, überprüfen und bestätigen, dass sich die personenbezogenen Daten auf Sie beziehen.
Datenschutz für Kinder
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern unter 13 Jahren. Wenn Sie unter 13 Jahre alt sind, übermitteln Sie bitte keine personenbezogenen Daten über die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste. Wir ermutigen Eltern und Erziehungsberechtigte, die Internetnutzung ihrer Kinder zu überwachen und zur Durchsetzung dieser Richtlinie beizutragen, indem sie ihre Kinder anweisen, niemals ohne ihre Erlaubnis persönliche Daten über die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste zu übermitteln. Wenn Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass ein Kind unter 13 Jahren uns über die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung gestellt hat, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte. Sie müssen außerdem mindestens 16 Jahre alt sein, um der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Ihrem Land zuzustimmen (in einigen Ländern können wir Ihrem Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigten erlauben, dies in Ihrem Namen zu tun).
Werbeanzeigen
Wir können bestimmten Drittunternehmen gestatten, uns dabei zu helfen, Werbung zu schalten, von der wir glauben, dass sie für die Nutzer von Interesse sein könnte, und andere Daten über Nutzeraktivitäten in der Mobilanwendung zu sammeln und zu verwenden. Diese Unternehmen können Werbung schalten, die möglicherweise Cookies platziert und das Nutzerverhalten anderweitig verfolgt.
Verbundene Unternehmen
Wir können Informationen über Sie an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben, damit diese Ihnen verwandte oder zusätzliche Produkte und Dienstleistungen anbieten können. Alle Sie betreffenden Informationen, die wir unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zur Verfügung stellen, werden von diesen in Übereinstimmung mit den Bedingungen dieser Richtlinie behandelt.
Links zu anderen Ressourcen
Die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste enthalten Links zu anderen Ressourcen, die sich nicht in unserem Besitz befinden oder von uns kontrolliert werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir nicht für die Datenschutzpraktiken solcher anderer Ressourcen oder Dritter verantwortlich sind. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, darauf zu achten, wenn Sie die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste verlassen, und die Datenschutzerklärungen jeder einzelnen Ressource zu lesen, die möglicherweise personenbezogene Daten erfasst.
Sicherheit der Informationen
Wir sichern die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen auf Computerservern in einer kontrollierten, sicheren Umgebung, die vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Verwendung oder Offenlegung geschützt ist. Wir unterhalten angemessene administrative, technische und physische Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zum Schutz vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Modifizierung und Offenlegung der persönlichen Daten, die sich in unserer Kontrolle und Obhut befinden. Allerdings kann keine Datenübertragung über das Internet oder ein drahtloses Netzwerk garantiert werden. Obwohl wir uns bemühen, Ihre persönlichen Daten zu schützen, erkennen Sie daher an, dass:
(i) es Sicherheits- und Datenschutzbeschränkungen des Internets gibt, die außerhalb unserer Kontrolle liegen;
(ii) die Sicherheit, Integrität und Vertraulichkeit aller Informationen und Daten, die zwischen Ihnen und der Mobilanwendung und den Diensten ausgetauscht werden, nicht garantiert werden kann; und
(iii) solche Informationen und Daten können trotz aller Bemühungen während der Übertragung von Dritten eingesehen oder manipuliert werden.
Wir können die Sicherheitsmaßnahmen in regelmäßigen Abständen aktualisieren oder modifizieren, vorausgesetzt, dass solche Aktualisierungen und Modifikationen nicht zu einer Verschlechterung der Gesamtsicherheit der Dienste führen.
Datenverletzung
Für den Fall, dass wir Kenntnis davon erlangen, dass die Sicherheit der Mobilanwendung und der Dienste beeinträchtigt wurde oder personenbezogene Daten des Nutzers infolge externer Aktivitäten, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Sicherheitsangriffe oder Betrug, an unbeteiligte Dritte weitergegeben wurden, behalten wir uns das Recht vor, angemessen geeignete Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Untersuchungen und Berichterstattung sowie Benachrichtigung der Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Zusammenarbeit mit diesen. Im Falle einer Datenverletzung werden wir angemessene Anstrengungen unternehmen, um die betroffenen Personen zu benachrichtigen, wenn wir glauben, dass ein angemessenes Risiko eines Schadens für den Benutzer als Folge der Verletzung besteht oder wenn eine Benachrichtigung anderweitig gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Wenn wir dies tun, werden wir einen Hinweis in der Mobilanwendung veröffentlichen.
Änderungen und Ergänzungen
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, diese Richtlinie oder ihre Bestimmungen in Bezug auf die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste von Zeit zu Zeit nach unserem Ermessen zu ändern und werden Sie über alle wesentlichen Änderungen in Bezug auf die Art und Weise, wie wir personenbezogene Daten behandeln, informieren. Wenn wir dies tun, werden wir das aktualisierte Datum am unteren Ende dieser Seite angeben. Wir können Sie auch auf andere Weise nach unserem Ermessen benachrichtigen, z. B. über die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Kontaktinformationen. Jede aktualisierte Version dieser Richtlinie wird sofort mit der Veröffentlichung der überarbeiteten Richtlinie wirksam, sofern nicht anders angegeben. Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung der Mobilanwendung und der Dienste nach dem Datum des Inkrafttretens der überarbeiteten Richtlinie (oder einer anderen zu diesem Zeitpunkt festgelegten Handlung) gilt als Ihre Zustimmung zu diesen Änderungen. Wir werden jedoch ohne Ihre Zustimmung Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht in einer Weise verwenden, die sich wesentlich von dem unterscheidet, was zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angegeben wurde.
Akzeptanz dieser Richtlinie
Sie bestätigen, dass Sie diese Richtlinie gelesen haben und mit allen darin enthaltenen Bedingungen einverstanden sind. Durch den Zugriff auf und die Nutzung der Mobilanwendung und der Dienste erklären Sie sich mit dieser Richtlinie einverstanden. Wenn Sie sich nicht mit den Bedingungen dieser Richtlinie einverstanden erklären, sind Sie nicht berechtigt, auf die Mobilanwendung und die Dienste zuzugreifen oder diese zu nutzen.
Kontaktaufnahme mit uns
Wenn Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen möchten, um mehr über diese Richtlinie zu erfahren, oder wenn Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen möchten, um eine Angelegenheit in Bezug auf individuelle Rechte und Ihre persönlichen Daten zu klären, können Sie eine E-Mail an info@scratchadventure.com senden.
Dieses Dokument wurde zuletzt aktualisiert am 29. März 2022
Scratch Adventure App Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy” or “Privacy Policy”) describes how the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide in the “Scratch Adventure” mobile application (“Mobile Application” or “Service”) and any related (sub) products and services (collectively, “Services”) is collected, protected and used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update that information. This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (“User”, “you” or “your”) and the mobile application developer (“Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”). By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies we do not own or control, or to individuals we do not employ or manage.
Scratch Adventure is the controller of the personal data that we or our processors process pursuant to Article 4(7) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) or GDPR.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy in its entirety to ensure that you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Scratch Adventure’s data collection, use and disclosure practices, please contact us at: info@scratchadventure.com.
It is important to emphasize Scratch Adventure’s principles regarding user privacy and data protection:
(i) We believe that user privacy and data protection are human rights.
(ii) We take your privacy seriously and recognize that we have a duty of care to the individuals whose information we hold.
(iii) We will only collect and process data when absolutely necessary, and when we do so, we will make clear why we are doing so and how the data will be used.
To whom does this privacy policy apply?
This privacy statement is relevant to users of the Scratch Adventure mobile application.
What is this privacy statement about?
We have created this document to describe how we process personal data, what we process and why we process it, who this data is shared with, what your rights are, and who you can contact for more information or requests.
What personal information do we collect?
You can access and use the Mobile Application and Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information that would allow someone to identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. However, if you choose to use some of the features of the Mobile Application, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address). We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you post content, make a purchase, or fill out online forms in the Mobile Application. When required, this information may include:
– Certain features on the mobile device such as contacts, calendar, gallery, etc.
– Any other materials that you voluntarily provide to us, such as images, videos, feedback, etc.
Some of the information we collect is collected directly from you through the mobile application while you are using our Services. However, we may also collect personal information relating to you from other sources such as public databases and our joint marketing partners. You may choose not to provide us with your personal information, but if you do, you may not be able to use some of the features of the Mobile Application. Users who are unsure about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us. You can do so by contacting us at: info@scratchadventure.com
Automatic collection of information
The security of customer data is our top priority, which is why we have a no-logs policy. We may process minimal user data, only as much as is strictly necessary to maintain the mobile application and services. Automatically collected information is used only to identify possible cases of abuse and to compile statistical information about the use of the Mobile Application and the Services. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in a way that allows conclusions to be drawn about a particular user of the system.
Use and processing of the collected information
In order to provide you with the Mobile Application and Services or to comply with a legal obligation, we need to collect and use certain personal information. If you do not provide the information we request, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you have requested. Any information we collect from you may be used for the following purposes:
– Fulfilling and managing orders
– Delivering products and services
– Improving products and services
– Responding to inquiries and providing support
– Improving the user experience
– Protecting against abuse and malicious users
– Respond to legal inquiries and prevent harm
– Operate and use the mobile application and services
Purpose of the use of the Personal Data
We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
(i) you have given your consent for one or more specific purposes;
(ii) the provision of the data is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and/or for pre-contractual obligations;
(iii) the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject.
We assure you that we will not use your personal data for purposes other than those listed. We will not store data that is not necessary for our purposes and will not keep it longer than necessary. In addition, we will not sell or share this data with other third party processors.
Note that under some legislations, we may process data until you object to such processing (by opting out) without having to rely on consent or any of the other legal bases mentioned below. In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, in particular whether the provision of the personal data is a legal or contractual obligation or a prerequisite for the conclusion of a contract. For this purpose, you can contact us at info@scratchadventure.com.
Billing and payments
We use third-party processors for payments to help us securely process your payment information. The use of your personal information by these third-party processors is subject to their respective privacy policies, which may not provide the same level of protection as this Policy. We suggest that you review their respective privacy policies. It is important to emphasize that Scratch Adventure cannot be held responsible for our third-party payment processors.
Disclosure of Information
Depending on the services requested, or as necessary to complete a transaction or provide a service you have requested, we may contract with other companies and share your information, with your consent, with our trusted third parties who work with us, as well as other affiliates and subsidiaries we rely on to support the operation of the Mobile Application and the services available to you. We do not share personal information with non-affiliated third parties. These service providers are not authorized to use or share your information except as necessary to provide services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. We may share your personal information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to follow our policies with respect to personal information. These third parties receive personal information that they need only to perform their assigned tasks, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes.
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company or the sale of all or a portion of its assets, your User Account and Personal Data will likely be among the transferred assets.
Until further notice, Scratch Adventure is using Firebase’s servers. For more information, please click here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Retention of Information
We will retain and use your personal information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may use any aggregate data derived from or containing your Personal Data after you update or delete it, but not in a way that would identify you personally. After the retention period has expired, the Personal Data will be deleted. The same applies to the data processed by our processor(s). Therefore, the right to information, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability can no longer be exercised after the retention period has expired.
Disclosure of information
We will only share personal information with others when permitted by law. Personal information held by Scratch Adventure may be transferred to:
1. our processor(s) hired to perform a task.
When we share personal data with our processors, we do so under contractual arrangements to provide sufficient guarantees that the latter will implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a way that the processing complies with the requirements of the GDPR.
2. law enforcement or other governmental and regulatory authorities, or to other third parties when required by law, in accordance with applicable laws or regulations.
Occasionally, we receive requests from third parties authorized to disclose personal data, for example, to verify that we are complying with applicable laws and regulations, to investigate an alleged criminal offense, or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights. We will only comply with requests for personal data if we are authorized to do so under applicable law or regulation.
Depending on your location, data transfers may involve the transfer and storage of your information in a country other than your own. However, personal data processed by Scratch Adventure is stored only in the European Union, more specifically in Frankfurt, Germany.
The rights of users
You may exercise certain rights in relation to your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
(i) You have the right to withdraw your consent if you have previously given your consent to the processing of your data;
(ii) You have the right to object to the processing of your data if the processing is based on a legal basis other than consent. If personal data is processed for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground relating to your particular situation to justify the objection. However, you must know that should your personal data be processed for direct marketing purposes, you may object to such processing at any time without giving any reason.
(iii) You have the right to know whether data is being processed by us, to obtain information about certain aspects of the processing and to obtain a copy of the data that is being processed;
(iv) You have the right to verify the accuracy of your data and to request that it be updated or rectified;
(v) You have the right, in certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your data, in which case we will not process your data for any purpose other than storage;
(vi) You have the right, in certain circumstances, to request that we erase your personal data;
(vii) You have the right to receive your data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to freely transfer it to another controller. This provision applies on condition that your data is processed using automated procedures and the processing is based on your consent, on a contract of which you are a part or on pre-contractual obligations.
(viii) You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA) or consult the following list: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
California Privacy Rights
In addition to the rights explained in this Policy, California residents who provide Personal Information (as defined in the Act) to obtain products or services for personal, family or household use have the right to request and receive from us, once per calendar year, information about the Personal Information that we may have disclosed to other companies for marketing purposes. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of the companies with which we shared that personal information for the immediately preceding calendar year (e.g., requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year). To obtain this information, please contact us.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise your rights may be directed to the Operator using the contact information provided in this document. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Your request must include sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person you claim to be or that you are the authorized representative of such person. You must provide sufficient information to allow us to properly understand the request and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information unless we first verify your identity or your authority to make such a request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
Privacy for children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through the Mobile Application and the Services. We encourage parents and guardians to monitor their children’s Internet use and to help enforce this policy by instructing their children never to submit Personal Data through the Mobile Application and the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information through the Mobile Application and the Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years old to consent to the processing of your Personal Data in your country (in some countries, we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Advertisements
We may allow certain third party companies to help us serve advertisements that we believe may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activity on the Mobile Application. These companies may serve advertisements that may place cookies and otherwise track user behavior.
Affiliated Companies
We may share information about you with our affiliated companies so that they can provide you with related or additional products and services. Any information concerning you that we provide to our affiliates will be treated by them in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Links to Other Resources
The Mobile Application and the Services contain links to other resources that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other resources or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Mobile Application and the Services and to read the privacy statements of each and every resource that may collect personally identifiable information.
Security of Information
We secure the information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of the personal information in our control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or a wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that:
(i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet that are beyond our control;
(ii) the security, integrity and confidentiality of all information and data exchanged between you and the Mobile Application and the Services cannot be guaranteed; and
(iii) such information and data may be viewed or tampered with by third parties during transmission despite our best efforts.
We may periodically update or modify the security measures, provided that such updates and modifications do not result in a degradation of the overall security of the Services.
Data Breach
In the event that we become aware that the security of the Mobile Application and Services has been compromised or User Personal Data has been disclosed to uninvolved third parties as a result of external activities, including but not limited to security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate actions, including but not limited to investigating and reporting, and notifying and cooperating with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will use reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notification is otherwise required by law. When we do so, we will post a notice on the mobile application.
Changes and Amendments
We reserve the right to change this Policy or its terms with respect to the Mobile Application and the Services from time to time at our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way we handle Personal Information. When we do so, we will post the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also notify you in other ways at our discretion, such as through the contact information you provide to us. Any updated version of this Policy will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Policy, unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and the Services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or other action specified at that time) will be deemed to be your consent to such changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your personal information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time your personal information was collected.
Acceptance of this Policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to access or use the Mobile Application and Services.
Contacting Us
If you would like to contact us to learn more about this Policy, or if you would like to contact us to resolve a matter regarding individual rights and your personal information, you may send an email to
info@scratchadventure.com
.
This document was last updated on March 29, 2022
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://scratchadventure.com/pages/privacy-policy:
We respect your privacy!
By clicking “Accept all”, you agree that our website can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept all
Accept required only
Manage preferences
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Go to the english version of this Privacy Policy
Datenschutzerklärung
Wir informieren Sie nachfolgend gemäß den gesetzlichen Vorgaben des Datenschutzrechts (insb. gemäß BDSG n.F. und der europäischen Datenschutz-Grundverordnung ‚DS-GVO‘) über die Art, den Umfang und Zweck der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten durch unser Unternehmen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt auch für unsere Websites und Sozial-Media-Profile. Bezüglich der Definition von Begriffen wie etwa „personenbezogene Daten“ oder „Verarbeitung“ verweisen wir auf Art. 4 DS-GVO.
Name und Kontaktdaten des / der Verantwortlichen
Unser/e Verantwortliche/r (nachfolgend „Verantwortlicher“) i.S.d. Art. 4 Zif. 7 DS-GVO ist:
Maurice Wirth Internetagentur
Pungshausstraße 97
40724 Hilden
Deutschland
E-Mail:
info@scratchadventure.com
Datenarten, Zwecke der Verarbeitung und Kategorien betroffener Personen
Nachfolgend informieren wir Sie über Art, Umfang und Zweck der Erhebung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung personenbezogener Daten.
Arten der Daten, die wir verarbeiten
Bestandsdaten (Name, Adresse etc.), Kontaktdaten (Telefonnummer, E-Mail, Fax etc.),
Zwecke der Verarbeitung nach Art. 13 Abs. 1 c) DS-GVO
Website technisch und wirtschaftlich optimieren, Leichten Zugang zur Website ermöglichen, Optimierung und statistische Auswertung unserer Dienste, Kommerzielle Nutzung der Website unterstützen, Nutzererfahrung verbessern, Website benutzerfreundlich gestalten, Marketing / Vertrieb / Werbung, Erstellung von Statistiken, Vermeidung von SPAM und Missbrauch, Kontaktanfragen abwickeln, Websites mit Funktionen und Inhalten bereitstellen, Maßnahmen der Sicherheit, Unterbrechungsfreier,sicherer Betrieb unserer Website,
Kategorien der betroffenen Personen nach Art. 13 Abs. 1 e) DS-GVO
Besucher/Nutzer der Website, Kunden, Interessenten,
Die betroffenen Personen werden zusammenfassend als „Nutzer“ bezeichnet.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Nachfolgend Informieren wir Sie über die Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten:
Wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung für die Verarbeitung personenbezogenen Daten eingeholt haben, ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a) DS-GVO Rechtsgrundlage.
Ist die Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags oder zur Durchführung vorvertraglicher Maßnahmen erforderlich, die auf Ihre Anfrage hin erfolgen, so ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b) DS-GVO Rechtsgrundlage.
Ist die Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung erforderlich, der wir unterliegen (z.B. gesetzliche Aufbewahrungspflichten), so ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. c) DS-GVO Rechtsgrundlage.
Ist die Verarbeitung erforderlich, um lebenswichtige Interessen der betroffenen Person oder einer anderen natürlichen Person zu schützen, so ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. d) DS-GVO Rechtsgrundlage.
Ist die Verarbeitung zur Wahrung unserer oder der berechtigten Interessen eines Dritten erforderlich und überwiegen diesbezüglich Ihre Interessen oder Grundrechte und Grundfreiheiten nicht, so ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO Rechtsgrundlage.
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an Dritte und Auftragsverarbeiter
Ohne Ihre Einwilligung geben wir grundsätzlich keine Daten an Dritte weiter. Sollte dies doch der Fall sein, dann erfolgt die Weitergabe auf der Grundlage der zuvor genannten Rechtsgrundlagen z.B. bei der Weitergabe von Daten an Online-Paymentanbieter zur Vertragserfüllung oder aufgrund gerichtlicher Anordnung oder wegen einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung zur Herausgabe der Daten zum Zwecke der Strafverfolgung, zur Gefahrenabwehr oder zur Durchsetzung der Rechte am geistigen Eigentum.
Wir setzen zudem Auftragsverarbeiter (externe Dienstleister z.B. zum Webhosting unserer Websites und Datenbanken) zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten ein. Wenn im Rahmen einer Vereinbarung zur Auftragsverarbeitung an die Auftragsverarbeiter Daten weitergegeben werden, erfolgt dies immer nach Art. 28 DS-GVO. Wir wählen dabei unsere Auftragsverarbeiter sorgfältig aus, kontrollieren diese regelmäßig und haben uns ein Weisungsrecht hinsichtlich der Daten einräumen lassen. Zudem müssen die Auftragsverarbeiter geeignete technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen getroffen haben und die Datenschutzvorschriften gem. BDSG n.F. und DS-GVO einhalten
Datenübermittlung in Drittstaaten
Durch die Verabschiedung der europäischen Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DS-GVO) wurde eine einheitliche Grundlage für den Datenschutz in Europa geschaffen. Ihre Daten werden daher vorwiegend durch Unternehmen verarbeitet, für die DS-GVO Anwendung findet. Sollte doch die Verarbeitung durch Dienste Dritter außerhalb der Europäischen Union oder des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums stattfinden, so müssen diese die besonderen Voraussetzungen der Art. 44 ff. DS-GVO erfüllen. Das bedeutet, die Verarbeitung erfolgt aufgrund besonderer Garantien, wie etwa die von der EU-Kommission offiziell anerkannte Feststellung eines der EU entsprechenden Datenschutzniveaus oder der Beachtung offiziell anerkannter spezieller vertraglicher Verpflichtungen, der so genannten „Standardvertragsklauseln“. Bei US-Unternehmen erfüllt die Unterwerfung unter das sog. „Privacy-Shield“, dem Datenschutzabkommen zwischen der EU und den USA, diese Voraussetzungen.
Löschung von Daten und Speicherdauer
Sofern nicht in dieser Datenschutzerklärung ausdrücklich angegeben, werden Ihre personenbezogen Daten gelöscht oder gesperrt, sobald der Zweck für die Speicherung entfällt, es sei denn deren weitere Aufbewahrung ist zu Beweiszwecken erforderlich oder dem stehen gesetzliche Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen. Darunter fallen etwa handelsrechtliche Aufbewahrungspflichten von Geschäftsbriefen nach § 257 Abs. 1 HGB (6 Jahre) sowie steuerrechtliche Aufbewahrungspflichten nach § 147 Abs. 1 AO von Belegen (10 Jahre). Wenn die vorgeschriebene Aufbewahrungsfrist abläuft, erfolgt eine Sperrung oder Löschung Ihrer Daten, es sei denn die Speicherung ist weiterhin für einen Vertragsabschluss oder zur Vertragserfüllung erforderlich.
Bestehen einer automatisierten Entscheidungsfindung
Wir setzen keine automatische Entscheidungsfindung oder ein Profiling ein.
Bereitstellung unserer Website und Erstellung von Logfiles
Wenn Sie unsere Webseite lediglich informatorisch nutzen (also keine Registrierung und auch keine anderweitige Übermittlung von Informationen), erheben wir nur die personenbezogenen Daten, die Ihr Browser an unseren Server übermittelt. Wenn Sie unsere Website betrachten möchten, erheben wir die folgenden Daten:
IP-Adresse;
Datum und Uhrzeit des Abrufs;
Browsertyp;
Sprache und Browser-Version;
Inhalt des Abrufs;
Zeitzone;
Zugriffsstatus/HTTP-Statuscode;
Datenmenge;
Websites, von denen die Anforderung kommt;
Eine Speicherung dieser Daten zusammen mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten von Ihnen findet nicht statt.
Diese Daten dienen dem Zweck der nutzerfreundlichen, funktionsfähigen und sicheren Auslieferung unserer Website an Sie mit Funktionen und Inhalten sowie deren Optimierung und statistischen Auswertung.
Rechtsgrundlage hierfür ist unser in den obigen Zwecken auch liegendes berechtigtes Interesse an der Datenverarbeitung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S.1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
Wir speichern aus Sicherheitsgründen diese Daten in Server-Logfiles für die Speicherdauer von Tagen. Nach Ablauf dieser Frist werden diese automatisch gelöscht, es sei denn wir benötigen deren Aufbewahrung zu Beweiszwecken bei Angriffen auf die Serverinfrastruktur oder anderen Rechtsverletzungen.
Cookies
Wir verwenden sog. Cookies bei Ihrem Besuch unserer Website. Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die Ihr Internet-Browser auf Ihrem Rechner ablegt und speichert. Wenn Sie unsere Website erneut aufrufen, geben diese Cookies Informationen ab, um Sie automatisch wiederzuerkennen. Die so erlangten Informationen dienen dem Zweck, unsere Webangebote technisch und wirtschaftlich zu optimieren und Ihnen einen leichteren und sicheren Zugang auf unsere Website zu ermöglichen. Wir informieren Sie dazu beim Aufruf unserer Website mittels eines Hinweises auf unsere Datenschutzerklärung über die Verwendung von Cookies zu den zuvor genannten Zwecken und wie Sie dieser widersprechen bzw. deren Speicherung verhindern können („Opt-out“). Unsere Website nutzt Session-Cookies, persistente Cookies und Cookies von Drittanbietern:
Session-Cookies:
Wir verwenden sog. Cookies zum Wiedererkennen mehrfacher Nutzung eines Angebots durch denselben Nutzer (z.B. wenn Sie sich eingeloggt haben zur Feststellung Ihres Login-Status). Wenn Sie unsere Seite erneut aufrufen, geben diese Cookies Informationen ab, um Sie automatisch wiederzuerkennen. Die so erlangten Informationen dienen dazu, unsere Angebote zu optimieren und Ihnen einen leichteren Zugang auf unsere Seite zu ermöglichen. Wenn Sie den Browser schließen oder Sie sich ausloggen, werden die Session-Cookies gelöscht.
Persistente Cookies:
Diese werden automatisiert nach einer vorgegebenen Dauer gelöscht, die sich je nach Cookie unterscheiden kann. In den Sicherheitseinstellungen Ihres Browsers können Sie die Cookies jederzeit löschen.
Cookies von Drittanbietern (Third-Party-Cookies):
Entsprechend Ihren Wünschen können Sie können Ihre Browser-Einstellung konfigurieren und z. B. Die Annahme von Third-Party-Cookies oder allen Cookies ablehnen. Wir weisen Sie jedoch an dieser Stelle darauf hin, dass Sie dann eventuell nicht alle Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können. Lesen Sie Näheres zu diesen Cookies bei den jeweiligen Datenschutzerklärungen zu den Drittanbietern.
Rechtsgrundlage dieser Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. lit. b) DS-GVO, wenn die Cookies zur Vertragsanbahnung z.B. bei Bestellungen gesetzt werden und ansonsten haben wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der effektiven Funktionalität der Website, so dass in dem Falle Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO Rechtsgrundlage ist.
Widerspruch und „Opt-Out“:
Das Speichern von Cookies auf Ihrer Festplatte können Sie allgemein verhindern, indem Sie in Ihren Browser-Einstellungen „keine Cookies akzeptieren“ wählen. Dies kann aber eine Funktionseinschränkung unserer Angebote zur Folge haben. Sie können dem Einsatz von Cookies von Drittanbietern zu Werbezwecken über ein sog. „Opt-out“ über diese amerikanische Website (
https://optout.aboutads.info
) oder diese europäische Website (
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
)widersprechen.
Nutzung der Blog-Funktionen / Kommentare
Sie können in unserem Blog, der Beiträge zu Themen unserer Website enthält, öffentliche Kommentare abgeben. Sie können ein Pseudonym statt eines Klarnamens verwenden. Ihr Beitrag wird dann unter dem Pseudonym veröffentlicht. Die Angabe der E-Mail-Adresse ist Pflicht, alle sonstigen Informationen sind freiwillig.
Wir speichern bei Ihrer Einstellung eines Kommentars Ihre IP-Adresse mit Datum und Uhrzeit, welche wir nach Tagen löschen. Die Speicherung dient dem berechtigten Interesse der Verteidigung gegen die Inanspruchnahme Dritter bei der Veröffentlichung rechtswidriger oder unwahrer Inhalte durch Sie. Ihre E-Mail-Adresse speichern wir zum Zweck der Kontaktaufnahme falls Dritte Ihre Kommentare juristisch beanstanden sollten.
Rechtsgrundlagen sind Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b) und f) DS-GVO.
Vor der Veröffentlichung prüfen wir Ihre Kommentare nicht. Im Falle von Beanstandungen Dritter behalten wir uns ein Löschrecht hinsichtlich Ihrer Kommentare vor. Wir geben die Daten nicht an Dritte weiter, es sei denn es ist notwendig zur Verfolgung unserer Ansprüche oder es besteht eine gesetzliche Verpflichtung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1. lit. c) DS-GVO).
Die Daten werden gelöscht, sobald sie für die Erreichung des Zweckes ihrer Erhebung bzw. die Durchführung des Vertrages nicht mehr erforderlich sind, weil der Vertrag beendet wurde.
Kontaktaufnahme per Kontaktformular / E-Mail / Fax / Post
Bei der Kontaktaufnahme mit uns per Kontaktformular, Fax, Post oder E-Mail werden Ihre Angaben zum Zwecke der Abwicklung der Kontaktanfrage verarbeitet.
Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der Daten ist bei Vorliegen einer Einwilligung von Ihnen Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a) DS-GVO. Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der Daten, die im Zuge einer Kontaktanfrage oder E-Mail, eines Briefes oder Faxes übermittelt werden, ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO. Der Verantwortliche hat ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung und Speicherung der Daten, um Anfragen der Nutzer beantworten zu können, zur Beweissicherung aus Haftungsgründen und um ggf. seiner gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten bei Geschäftsbriefen nachkommen zu können. Zielt der Kontakt auf den Abschluss eines Vertrages ab, so ist zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b) DS-GVO.
Wir können Ihre Angaben und Kontaktanfrage in unserem Customer-Relationship-Management System („CRM System“) oder einem vergleichbaren System speichern.
Die Daten werden gelöscht, sobald sie für die Erreichung des Zweckes ihrer Erhebung nicht mehr erforderlich sind. Für die personenbezogenen Daten aus der Eingabemaske des Kontaktformulars und diejenigen, die per E-Mail übersandt wurden, ist dies dann der Fall, wenn die jeweilige Konversation mit Ihnen beendet ist. Beendet ist die Konversation dann, wenn sich aus den Umständen entnehmen lässt, dass der betroffene Sachverhalt abschließend geklärt ist. Anfragen von Nutzern, die über einen Account bzw. Vertrag mit uns verfügen, speichern wir bis zum Ablauf von zwei Jahren nach Vertragsbeendigung. Im Fall von gesetzlichen Archivierungspflichten erfolgt die Löschung nach deren Ablauf: Ende handelsrechtlicher (6 Jahre) und steuerrechtlicher (10 Jahre) Aufbewahrungspflicht.
Sie haben jederzeit die Möglichkeit, die Einwilligung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a) DS-GVO zur Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Nehmen Sie per E-Mail Kontakt mit uns auf, so können Sie der Speicherung der personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit widersprechen.
Google Analytics
Wir haben das Webseitenanalyse-Tool „Google Analytics“ (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA, EU-Niederlassung: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) auf unserer Website integriert.
Beim Besuch unserer Website setzt Google einen Cookie auf Ihren Computer, um die Benutzung unserer Website durch Sie analysieren zu können. Die gewonnenen Daten werden in die USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Falls personenbezogen Daten in die USA übertragen werden sollten, bietet die Zertifizierung Googles gemäß Privacy-Shield-Abkommen (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
) die Garantie dafür, dass das europäische Datenschutzrecht eingehalten wird.
Wir haben die IP-Anonymisierung „anonymizeIP“ aktiviert, wodurch die IP-Adressen nur gekürzt weiterverarbeitet werden. Auf dieser Webseite wird Ihre IP-Adresse von Google daher innerhalb von Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union oder in anderen Vertragsstaaten des Abkommens über den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum zuvor gekürzt. Nur in Ausnahmefällen wird die volle IP-Adresse an einen Server von Google in den USA übertragen und dort gekürzt. Im Auftrag des Betreibers dieser Webseite wird Google diese Informationen benutzen, um Ihre Nutzung der Webseite auszuwerten, um Reports über die Webseitenaktivitäten zusammenzustellen und um weitere, mit der Websitenutzung und der Internetnutzung verbundene, Dienstleistungen gegenüber dem Verantwortlichen zu erbringen. Wir haben darüber hinaus die geräteübergreifende Analyse von Website-Besuchern aktiviert, die über eine sog. User-ID durchgeführt wird. Die im Rahmen von Google Analytics von Ihrem Browser übermittelte IP-Adresse wird nicht mit anderen Daten von Google zusammengeführt. Die Nutzung von Google Analytics dient dem Zweck der Analyse, Optimierung und Verbesserung unserer Website.
Rechtsgrundlage hierfür ist unser in den obigen Zwecken auch liegendes berechtigtes Interesse an der Datenverarbeitung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S.1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
Die von uns gesendeten und mit Cookies, Nutzerkennungen (z. B. User-ID) oder Werbe-IDs verknüpften Daten werden nach 26 Monaten automatisch gelöscht. Die Löschung von Daten, deren Aufbewahrungsdauer erreicht ist, erfolgt automatisch einmal im Monat.
Weitere Informationen zu Datennutzung bei Google Analytics finden Sie hier:
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
(Nutzungsbedingungen von Analytics),
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
(Hinweise zum Datenschutz bei Analytics) und Googles Datenschutzerklärung
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Widerspruch und „Opt-Out“: Das Speichern von Cookies auf Ihrer Festplatte können Sie allgemein verhindern, indem Sie in Ihren Browser-Einstellungen „keine Cookies akzeptieren“ wählen. Dies kann aber eine Funktionseinschränkung unserer Angebote zur Folge haben. Sie können darüber hinaus die Erfassung der, durch das Cookie erzeugten und auf Ihre Nutzung der Website bezogenen, Daten an Google sowie die Verarbeitung dieser Daten durch Google verhindern, indem sie das unter dem folgenden Link verfügbare Browser-Plugin herunterladen und installieren:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
Als Alternative zum obigen Browser-Plugin können Sie die Erfassung durch Google Analytics unterbinden, indem Sie
[__hier bitte__den Analytics Opt-Out Link Ihrer Webseite einfügen]
Durch den Klick wird ein „Opt-out“-Cookie gesetzt, das die Erfassung Ihrer Daten beim Besuch dieser Webseite zukünftig verhindert. Dieses Cookie gilt nur für unsere Webseite und Ihren aktuellen Browser und hat nur solange Bestand bis Sie Ihre Cookies löschen. In dem Falle müssten Sie das Cookie erneut setzen.
Die geräteübergreifende Nutzeranalyse können Sie in Ihrem Google-Account unter „Meine Daten > persönliche Daten“ deaktivieren.
YouTube-Videos
Wir haben auf unserer Website YouTube-Videos von youtube.com mittels der embedded-Funktion eingebunden, so dass diese auf unserer Website direkt aufrufbar sind. YouTube gehört zur Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA, EU-Niederlassung: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Wir haben die Videos im sog. „erweiterten Datenschutz-Modus“ eingebunden, ohne dass mit Cookies das Nutzungsverhalten erfasst wird, um die Videowiedergabe zu personalisieren. Stattdessen basieren die Videoempfehlungen auf dem aktuell abgespielten Video. Videos, die im erweiterten Datenschutzmodus in einem eingebetteten Player wiedergegeben werden, wirken sich nicht darauf aus, welche Videos Ihnen auf YouTube empfohlen werden.Beim Start eines Videos (Klick aufs Video) erhält YouTube die Information, dass Sie die entsprechende Unterseite unserer Website aufgerufen haben. Die gewonnenen Daten werden in die USA übertragen und dort gespeichert. Dies erfolgt auch ohne Nutzerkonto bei Google. Sollten Sie in Ihren Google-Account eingeloggt sein, kann Google die obigen Daten Ihrem Account zuordnen. Wenn Sie dies nicht wünschen, müssen Sie sich in Ihrem Google-Account ausloggen. Google erstellt aus solchen Daten Nutzerprofile und nutzt diese Daten zum Zwecke der Werbung, Marktforschung oder Optimierung seiner Websites.
Rechtsgrundlage hierfür ist unser in den obigen Zwecken auch liegendes berechtigtes Interesse an der Datenverarbeitung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S.1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
Sie haben gegenüber Google ein Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Bildung von Nutzerprofilen. Bitte richten Sie sich deswegen direkt an Google über die unten genannte Datenschutzerklärung. Ein Opt-Out-Widerspruch hinsichtlich der Werbe-Cookies können Sie hier in Ihrem Google-Account vornehmen:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
In den Nutzungsbedingungen von YouTube unter
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
und in der Datenschutzerklärung für Werbung von Google unter
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
finden Sie weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Google Cookies und deren Werbetechnologien, Speicherdauer, Anonymisierung, Standortdaten, Funktionsweise und Ihre Rechte. Allgemeine Datenschutzerklärung von Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Google ist nach dem EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
) und daher verpflichtet europäisches Datenschutzrecht einzuhalten.
Google Maps
Wir haben auf unserer Website Karten von „Google Maps“ (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA, EU-Niederlassung: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) integriert. Damit können wirden Standort von Adressen und eine Anfahrtsbeschreibung direkt auf unserer Website in interaktiven Karten anzeigen und Ihnen die Nutzung dieses Tools ermöglichen.
Bei dem Abruf unserer Website, wo Google Maps integriert ist, wird eine Verbindung zu den Servern von Google in den USA aufgebaut. Hierbei können Ihre IP und Standort an Google übertragen werden. Zudem erhält Google die Information, dass Sie die entsprechende Seite aufgerufen haben. Dies erfolgt auch ohne Nutzerkonto bei Google. Sollten Sie in Ihren Google-Account eingeloggt sein, kann Google die obigen Daten Ihrem Account zuordnen. Wenn Sie dies nicht wünschen, müssen Sie sich bei Ihrem Google-Account ausloggen. Google erstellt aus solchen Daten Nutzerprofile und nutzt diese Daten zum Zwecke der Werbung, Marktforschung oder Optimierung seiner Websites.
Rechtsgrundlage hierfür ist unser in den obigen Zwecken auch liegendes berechtigtes Interesse an der Datenverarbeitung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S.1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
Sie haben gegenüber Google ein Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Bildung von Nutzerprofilen. Bitte richten Sie sich deswegen direkt an Google über die unten genannte Datenschutzerklärung. Ein Opt-Out-Widerspruch hinsichtlich der Werbe-Cookies können Sie hier in Ihrem Google-Account vornehmen:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
In den Nutzungsbedingungen von Google Maps unter
https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html
und in der Datenschutzerklärung für Werbung von Google unter
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
finden Sie weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Google Cookies und deren Werbetechnologien, Speicherdauer, Anonymisierung, Standortdaten, Funktionsweise und Ihre Rechte. Allgemeine Datenschutzerklärung von Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Google ist nach dem EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
) und daher verpflichtet europäisches Datenschutzrecht einzuhalten.
Präsenz in sozialen Medien
Wir unterhalten in sozialen Medien Profile bzw. Fanpages, um mit den dort angeschlossenen und registrierten Nutzern zu kommunizieren und um über unsere Produkte, Angebote und Dienstleistungen zu informieren. Die US-Anbieter sind nach dem sog. Privacy-Shield zertifiziert und damit verpflichtet europäischen Datenschutz einzuhalten. Bei der Nutzung und dem Aufruf unseres Profils im jeweiligen Netzwerk durch Sie gelten die jeweiligen Datenschutzhinweise und Nutzungsbedingungen des jeweiligen Netzwerks.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, die Sie uns über diese Netzwerke senden, um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren und um Ihre dortigen Nachrichten zu beantworten.
Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten ist unser berechtigtes Interesse an der Kommunikation mit den Nutzern und unsere Außendarstellung zwecks Werbung gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO. Soweit Sie dem Verantwortlichen des sozialen Netzwerks eine Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten erteilt haben, ist Rechtsgrundlage Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a) und Art. 7 DS-GVO.
Die Datenschutzhinweise, Auskunftsmöglichkeiten und Widerspruchmöglichkeiten (Opt-Out) der jeweiligen Netzwerke finden Sie hier:
Facebook
(Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland) Datenschutzerklärung:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
, Opt-Out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
und
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
, Privacy Shield:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
.
Instagram
(Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA) – Datenschutzerklärung/ Opt-Out:
http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
.
Twitter
(Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) – Datenschutzerklärung:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
, Opt-Out:
https://twitter.com/personalization
, Privacy Shield:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active
.
Social-Media-Plug-ins
Wir setzen auf unserer Webseite Social-Media-Plug-ins von sozialen Netzwerken ein. Dabei nutzen wir die sog.
„Zwei-Klick-Lösung“-Shariff
von c’t bzw. heise.de. Beim Abruf unserer Website werden dadurch
keine personenbezogenen Daten
an die Anbieter der Plug-ins übermittelt. Neben dem Logo bzw. der Marke des sozialen Netzwerks finden Sie einen Regler, mit dem Sie das Plug-in per Klick aktivieren können. Nach der Aktivierung erhält der Anbieter des sozialen Netzwerks die Information, dass Sie unsere Website aufgerufen haben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an den Anbieter des Plug-ins übermittelt und dort gespeichert werden. Hierbei handelt es sich um sog. Thirdparty Cookies. Bei einigen Anbietern wie Facebook und XING wird nach deren Angaben Ihre IP nach der Erhebung sofort anonymisiert.
Die über den Nutzer erhobenen Daten speichert der Plug-in-Anbieter als Nutzungsprofile. Diese werden für Zwecke der Werbung, Marktforschung und/oder bedarfsgerechten Gestaltung seiner Website verwendet. Eine solche Auswertung erfolgt insbesondere (auch für nicht eingeloggte Nutzer) zur Darstellung von bedarfsgerechter Werbung und um andere Nutzer des sozialen Netzwerks über die Aktivitäten des Nutzers auf unserer Website zu informieren. Dem Nutzer steht ein Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Bildung dieser Nutzerprofile zu, wobei man sich zur Ausübung dieses Rechts an den jeweiligen Plug-in-Anbieter wenden muss.
Rechtsgrundlage für die Nutzung der Plug-ins ist unser berechtigtes Interesse an der Verbesserung und Optimierung unserer Website durch die Steigerung unserer Bekanntheit mittels sozialer Netzwerke sowie die Möglichkeit der Interaktion mit Ihnen und der Nutzer untereinander über soziale Netzwerke gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 S.1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
Auf die erhobenen Daten und Datenverarbeitungsvorgänge haben wir keinen Einfluss. Auch haben wir keine Kenntnis vom Umfang der Datenerhebung, vom Zweck der Verarbeitung und von den Speicherfristen. Auch zur Löschung der erhobenen Daten durch den Plug-in-Anbieter liegen uns keine Informationen vor.
Wir verweisen hinsichtlich des Zwecks und Umfangs der Datenerhebung und Verarbeitung auf die jeweiligen Datenschutzerklärungen der sozialen Netzwerke. Zudem finden Sie dort auch Hinweise zu Ihren Rechten und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten.
Instagram
Wir haben auf unserer Website Plug-Ins vom sozialen Netzwerk Instagram (Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA) im Rahmen der sog. „Zwei-Klick-Lösung“ von Shariff integriert. Diese erkennen Sie am Instagram-Logo in der Form einer viereckigen Kamera.
Wenn Sie willentlich das Plug-in aktivieren, wird hierbei eine Verbindung von Ihrem Browser zu den Servern von Instagram hergestellt. Dabei erhält Instagram die Information, einschließlich Ihrer IP-Adresse, dass Sie unsere Seite besucht haben und überträgt die Information an Server von Instagram in den USA, wo diese Information gespeichert wird. Wenn Sie bei Instagram in Ihren Account eingeloggt sind, kann Instagram diese Information Ihrem Account zuordnen und Sie können den Instagram-Button anklicken und so die Inhalte unserer Seiten auf Ihrem Instagram-Account teilen und speichern sowie ggf. Ihren dortigen Freunden anzeigen. Wir haben keine Kenntnis über den genauen Inhalt der übermittelten Daten, deren Nutzung und Speicherdauer durch Instagram.
Wenn Sie sich bei Instagram vor dem Besuch unserer Website ausloggen und Ihre Cookies löschen, werden bei der Aktivierung des Plug-ins keine Daten über den Besuch unserer Website Ihrem Profil auf Instagram zugeordnet.
Sie erhalten weitere Informationen in der Datenschutzerklärung von Instagram unter
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
und zu den Einstellungen zum Schutz der Privatsphäre hier:
https://help.instagram.com/196883487377501
.
Rechte der betroffenen Person
Widerspruch oder Widerruf gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten
Soweit die Verarbeitung auf Ihrer Einwilligung gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a), Art. 7 DS-GVO beruht, haben Sie das Recht, die Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der aufgrund der Einwilligung bis zum Widerruf erfolgten Verarbeitung wird dadurch nicht berührt.
Soweit wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf die Interessenabwägung gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO stützen, können Sie Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung einlegen. Dies ist der Fall, wenn die Verarbeitung insbesondere nicht zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags mit Ihnen erforderlich ist, was von uns jeweils bei der nachfolgenden Beschreibung der Funktionen dargestellt wird. Bei Ausübung eines solchen Widerspruchs bitten wir um Darlegung der Gründe, weshalb wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht wie von uns durchgeführt verarbeiten sollten. Im Falle Ihres begründeten Widerspruchs prüfen wir die Sachlage und werden entweder die Datenverarbeitung einstellen bzw. anpassen oder Ihnen unsere zwingenden schutzwürdigen Gründe aufzeigen, aufgrund derer wir die Verarbeitung fortführen.
Sie können der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für Zwecke der Werbung und Datenanalyse jederzeit widersprechen. Das Widerspruchsrecht können Sie kostenfrei ausüben. Über Ihren Werbewiderspruch können Sie uns unter folgenden Kontaktdaten informieren:
Maurice Wirth Internetagentur, Pungshausstraße 97,
40724 Hilden, Deutschland, E-Mail-Adresse:
info@scratchadventure.com
Recht auf Auskunft
Sie haben das Recht, von uns eine Bestätigung darüber zu verlangen, ob Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden. Sofern dies der Fall ist, haben Sie ein Recht auf Auskunft über Ihre bei uns gespeicherten persönlichen Daten nach Art. 15 DS-GVO. Dies beinhaltet insbesondere die Auskunft über die Verarbeitungszwecke, die Kategorie der personenbezogenen Daten, die Kategorien von Empfängern, gegenüber denen Ihre Daten offengelegt wurden oder werden, die geplante Speicherdauer, die Herkunft ihrer Daten, sofern diese nicht direkt bei Ihnen erhoben wurden.
Recht auf Berichtigung
Sie haben ein Recht auf Berichtigung unrichtiger oder auf Vervollständigung richtiger Daten nach Art. 16 DS-GVO.
Recht auf Löschung
Sie haben ein Recht auf Löschung Ihrer bei uns gespeicherten Daten nach Art. 17 DS-GVO, es sei denn gesetzliche oder vertraglichen Aufbewahrungsfristen oder andere gesetzliche Pflichten bzw. Rechte zur weiteren Speicherung stehen dieser entgegen.
Recht auf Einschränkung
Sie haben das Recht, eine Einschränkung bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen, wenn eine der Voraussetzungen in Art. 18 Abs. 1 lit. a) bis d) DS-GVO erfüllt ist:
Wenn Sie die Richtigkeit der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen für eine Dauer bestreiten, die es dem Verantwortlichen ermöglicht, die Richtigkeit der personenbezogenen Daten zu überprüfen;
die Verarbeitung unrechtmäßig ist und Sie die Löschung der personenbezogenen Daten ablehnen und stattdessen die Einschränkung der Nutzung der personenbezogenen Daten verlangen;
der Verantwortliche die personenbezogenen Daten für die Zwecke der Verarbeitung nicht länger benötigt, Sie diese jedoch zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen benötigen, oder
wenn Sie Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung gemäß Art. 21 Abs. 1 DS-GVO eingelegt haben und noch nicht feststeht, ob die berechtigten Gründe des Verantwortlichen gegenüber Ihren Gründen überwiegen.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
Sie haben ein Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit nach Art. 20 DS-GVO, was bedeutet, dass Sie die bei uns über Sie gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format erhalten können oder die Übermittlung an einen anderen Verantwortlichen verlangen können.
Recht auf Beschwerde
Sie haben ein Recht auf Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde. In der Regel können Sie sich hierfür an die Aufsichtsbehörde insbesondere in dem Mitgliedstaat ihres Aufenthaltsorts, ihres Arbeitsplatzes oder des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes wenden.
Datensicherheit
Um alle personenbezogen Daten, die an uns übermittelt werden, zu schützen und um sicherzustellen, dass die Datenschutzvorschriften von uns, aber auch unseren externen Dienstleistern eingehalten werden, haben wir geeignete technische und organisatorische Sicherheitsmaßnahmen getroffen. Deshalb werden unter anderem alle Daten zwischen Ihrem Browser und unserem Server über eine sichere SSL-Verbindung verschlüsselt übertragen.
Stand: 30.12.2021
Quelle:
JuraForum.de
Privacy Policy
In the following, we will inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data by our company in accordance with the legal requirements of data protection law (in In accordance with the legal requirements of data protection law (in particular in accordance with BDSG n.F. and the European Data Protection Regulation ‘DS-GVO’), we inform you below about the nature, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data by our company. This privacy policy also applies to our websites and social media profiles. Regarding the definition of terms such as “personal data” or “processing”, we refer to Art. 4 DS-GVO.
Name and contact details of the responsible person(s)
Our responsible person(s) (hereinafter “responsible person”) within the meaning of Art. 4 fig. 7 DS-GVO is:
Maurice Wirth Internet Agency
Pungshausstrasse 97
40724 Hilden
Germany
E-mail: info@scratchadventure.com
Types of data, purposes of processing and categories of data subjects
In the following, we inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the collection, processing and use of personal data.
types of data we process
Inventory data (name, address, etc.), contact data (telephone number, e-mail, fax, etc.),
purposes of processing according to Art. 13 para. 1 c) DS-GVO.
Optimize website technically and economically, Provide easy access to the website, Optimization and statistical evaluation of our services, Support commercial use of the website, Improve user experience, Make website user-friendly, Marketing / sales / advertising, Compilation of statistics, Avoid SPAM and abuse, Handle contact requests, Provide websites with functions and content, Security measures, Uninterrupted,secure operation of our website,
categories of data subjects according to Art. 13 para. 1 e) DS-GVO
Visitors/users of the website, customers, interested parties,
The data subjects are collectively referred to as “users”.
Legal basis of the processing of personal data
Below we inform you about the legal basis for the processing of personal data:
if we have obtained your consent for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) DS-GVO is the legal basis.
if the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) DS-GVO is the legal basis.
if the processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation to which we are subject (e.g. legal retention obligations), then Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. c) DS-GVO is the legal basis.
If the processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. d) DS-GVO.
if processing is necessary to protect our or a third party’s legitimate interests and your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not override this, then Art. 6 (1) S. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO is the legal basis.
Disclosure of personal data to third parties and order processors
As a matter of principle, we do not pass on any data to third parties without your consent. If this should nevertheless be the case, then the disclosure takes place on the basis of the previously mentioned legal grounds, e.g. in the case of the disclosure of data to online payment providers for the fulfillment of contracts or due to a court order or because of a legal obligation to hand over the data for the purpose of criminal prosecution, to avert danger or to enforce intellectual property rights.
We also use processors (external service providers, e.g. for web hosting of our websites and databases) to process your data. If data is passed on to the processors as part of a contract processing agreement, this is always done in accordance with Art. 28 DS-GVO. In doing so, we carefully select our processors, regularly monitor them and have been granted a right to issue instructions regarding the data. In addition, the processors must have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures and comply with the data protection regulations according to BDSG n.F. and DS-GVO.
Data transfer to third countries
The adoption of the European General Data Protection Regulation (DS-GVO) has created a uniform basis for data protection in Europe. Your data is therefore predominantly processed by companies to which DS-GVO applies. If, however, processing is carried out by services of third parties outside the European Union or the European Economic Area, these must meet the special requirements of Art. 44 et seq. DS-GVO. This means that the processing takes place on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination by the EU Commission of a level of data protection corresponding to the EU or the observance of officially recognized special contractual obligations, the so-called “standard contractual clauses”. In the case of U.S. companies, submission to the so-called “Privacy Shield,” the data protection agreement between the EU and the U.S., fulfills these requirements.
Deletion of data and storage period
Unless expressly stated in this data protection declaration, your personal data will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for storing it no longer applies, unless its further storage is necessary for evidence purposes or is contrary to statutory storage obligations. This includes, for example, retention obligations under commercial law for business letters in accordance with Section 257 (1) of the German Commercial Code (HGB) (6 years) and retention obligations under tax law for documents in accordance with Section 147 (1) of the German Fiscal Code (AO) (10 years). If the prescribed retention period expires, your data will be blocked or deleted, unless the storage is still necessary for the conclusion or fulfillment of a contract.
Existence of automated decision making
We do not use automated decision-making or profiling.
Provision of our website and creation of log files
if you use our website for information purposes only (i.e. no registration and no other transmission of information), we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data:
– IP address;
– Date and time of access;
– Browser type;
– Language and browser version;
– Content of the retrieval;
– Time zone;
– Access status/HTTP status code;
– Amount of data;
– Websites from which the request comes;
Storage of this data together with other personal data from you does not take place.
these data serve the purpose of user-friendly, functional and secure delivery of our website to you with functions and content, as well as its optimization and statistical evaluation.
The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
For security reasons, we store this data in server log files for a storage period of days. After this period, they are automatically deleted, unless we need to keep them for evidence purposes in the event of attacks on the server infrastructure or other legal violations.
Cookies
we use so-called cookies when you visit our website. Cookies are small text files that your Internet browser places and stores on your computer. When you visit our website again, these cookies provide information to automatically recognize you. The information obtained in this way serves the purpose of technically and economically optimizing our web offers and providing you with easier and more secure access to our website. When you access our website, we will inform you by means of a reference to our data protection declaration about the use of cookies for the purposes mentioned above and how you can object to this or prevent their storage (“opt-out”). Our website uses session cookies, persistent cookies and third-party cookies:
– Session cookies: we use so-called cookies to recognize multiple use of an offer by the same user (e.g. if you have logged in to determine your login status). When you visit our site again, these cookies provide information to automatically recognize you. The information thus obtained is used to optimize our offers and to provide you with easier access to our site. When you close the browser or log out, the session cookies are deleted.
– Persistent cookies: these are automatically deleted after a specified period of time, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser.
– Third-party cookies: According to your preferences, you can configure your browser settings and, for example, refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. However, we would like to point out at this point that you may then not be able to use all the functions of this website. Read more about these cookies in the respective privacy statements of the third-party providers.
legal basis of this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. lit. b) DS-GVO, if the cookies are set to initiate a contract, e.g. for orders, and otherwise we have a legitimate interest in the effective functionality of the website, so that in that case Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO is the legal basis.
objection and “opt-out”: You can generally prevent cookies from being stored on your hard drive by selecting “do not accept cookies” in your browser settings. However, this may result in a functional restriction of our offers. You can object to the use of cookies from third-party providers for advertising purposes via a so-called “opt-out” via this American website (https://optout.aboutads.info) or this European website (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/).
Use of the blog functions / comments
you can make public comments in our blog, which contains posts on topics related to our website. You can use a pseudonym instead of a plain name. Your contribution will then be published under the pseudonym. The specification of the e-mail address is mandatory, all other information is voluntary.
we store your IP address with date and time when you post a comment, which we delete after days. The storage serves the legitimate interest of defense against claims by third parties in case of publication of illegal or untrue content by you. We store your email address for the purpose of contacting you if third parties should legally object to your comments.
Legal bases are Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) and f) DS-GVO.
we do not check your comments before publication. In the event of objections by third parties, we reserve the right to delete your comments. We do not pass on the data to third parties, unless it is necessary for the pursuit of our claims or there is a legal obligation (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1. lit. c) DS-GVO).
the data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of their collection or the execution of the contract, because the contract has been terminated.
Contacting us via contact form / e-mail / fax / mail
When contacting us via contact form, fax, mail or e-mail, your data will be processed for the purpose of handling the contact request. 2.
the legal basis for the processing of the data is, if you have given your consent, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) DS-GVO. The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of a contact request or e-mail, letter or fax is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO. The responsible party has a legitimate interest in processing and storing the data in order to be able to answer users’ inquiries, to preserve evidence for liability reasons and, if necessary, to be able to comply with its statutory retention obligations for business letters. If the contact aims at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) DS-GVO.
we may store your information and contact request in our customer relationship management system (“CRM system”) or a comparable system.
the data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it is clear from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively clarified. We store inquiries from users who have an account or contract with us until two years after termination of the contract. In the case of legal archiving obligations, the deletion takes place after their expiry: end of commercial law (6 years) and tax law (10 years) retention obligation.
you have the option at any time to revoke your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a) DS-GVO to the processing of personal data. If you contact us by e-mail, you can object to the storage of personal data at any time.
Google Analytics
we have integrated the website analysis tool “Google Analytics” (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA, EU branch: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) on our website.
when you visit our website, Google places a cookie on your computer in order to analyze your use of our website. The data obtained is transferred to the USA and stored there. If personal data should be transferred to the USA, Google’s certification in accordance with the Privacy Shield Agreement (https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework) provides a guarantee that European data protection law is complied with.
we have activated the IP anonymization “anonymizeIP”, whereby the IP addresses are only processed in a shortened form. On this website, your IP address is therefore shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the responsible party. We have also activated the cross-device analysis of website visitors, which is carried out via a so-called user ID. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google. The use of Google Analytics serves the purpose of analyzing, optimizing and improving our website.
The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in the processing of data in accordance with Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
the data sent by us and linked to cookies, user IDs (e.g. user ID) or advertising IDs are automatically deleted after 26 months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month.
you can find more information about data usage at Google Analytics here: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html (Analytics Terms of Use), https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de (Analytics Privacy Notice) and Google’s privacy policy https://policies.google.com/privacy.
objection and “opt-out”: You can generally prevent cookies from being stored on your hard drive by selecting “do not accept cookies” in your browser settings. However, this may result in a functional restriction of our offers. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
as an alternative to the above browser plugin, you can prevent the collection by Google Analytics by [__here please__insert the Analytics opt-out link of your website] By clicking, an “opt-out” cookie will be set, which will prevent the collection of your data when visiting this website in the future. This cookie is only valid for our website and your current browser and will only last until you delete your cookies. In that case, you would have to set the cookie again.
You can deactivate the cross-device user analysis in your Google account under “My data > Personal data”.
YouTube videos
we have embedded YouTube videos from youtube.com on our website using the embedded function, so that they can be called up directly on our website. YouTube belongs to Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA, EU branch: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. We have integrated the videos in the so-called “enhanced privacy mode” without using cookies to collect user behavior in order to personalize the video playback. Instead, the video recommendations are based on the currently played video. Videos played in enhanced privacy mode in an embedded player do not affect which videos are recommended to you on YouTube.When you start a video (click on the video), YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. The data obtained is transferred to the USA and stored there. This also takes place without a user account with Google. If you are logged into your Google account, Google can assign the above data to your account. If you do not wish this, you must log out of your Google account. Google creates user profiles from such data and uses this data for the purpose of advertising, market research or optimization of its websites.
The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) DS-GVO, which also lies in the above purposes. 3.
You have the right to object to the creation of user profiles. Please address this directly to Google via the privacy policy mentioned below. You can make an opt-out objection regarding advertising cookies here in your Google account: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
In the terms of use of YouTube at https://www.youtube.com/t/terms and in the privacy policy for advertising of Google at https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads you can find more information about the use of Google cookies and their advertising technologies, storage period, anonymization, location data, functionality and your rights. Google’s general privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield (https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework) and is therefore obliged to comply with European data protection law.
Google Maps
we have integrated maps from “Google Maps” (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA, EU branch: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) on our website. This allows us to display the location of addresses and directions directly on our website in interactive maps and enable you to use this tool.
When you visit our website where Google Maps is integrated, a connection is established to Google’s servers in the USA. In this process, your IP and location may be transmitted to Google. In addition, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding page. This also takes place without a user account with Google. If you are logged into your Google account, Google can assign the above data to your account. If you do not wish this, you must log out of your Google account. Google creates user profiles from such data and uses this data for the purpose of advertising, market research or optimization of its websites.
The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) DS-GVO, which also lies in the above purposes. 4.
You have the right to object to the creation of user profiles. Please address this directly to Google via the privacy policy mentioned below. You can make an opt-out objection regarding advertising cookies here in your Google account:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
in the terms of use of Google Maps at https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.htmlund in the privacy policy for advertising of Google at https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads you will find more information on the use of Google cookies and their advertising technologies, storage period, anonymization, location data, operation and your rights. General privacy policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield (https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework) and is therefore obliged to comply with European data protection law.
Presence in social media
We maintain profiles and fan pages in social media in order to communicate with the users connected and registered there and to provide information about our products, offers and services. The US providers are certified under the so-called Privacy Shield and are thus obliged to comply with European data protection. When you use and call up our profile in the respective network, the respective data protection information and terms of use of the respective network apply.
We process the data you send us via these networks in order to communicate with you and to reply to your messages there.
the legal basis for the processing of personal data is our legitimate interest in communicating with users and our external presentation for the purpose of advertising in accordance with Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO. Insofar as you have given the responsible party of the social network consent to the processing of your personal data, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) and Art. 7 DS-GVO.
You can find the data protection notices, information options and objection options (opt-out) of the respective networks here:
– Facebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland) Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/, Opt-Out: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads and http://www.youronlinechoices.com, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active.
– Instagram (Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA) – Privacy Policy/ Opt-Out: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.
– Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) – Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy, Opt-Out: https://twitter.com/personalization, Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active.
Social media plug-ins
1 We use social media plug-ins from social networks on our website. We use the so-called “two-click solution” hariff from c’t and heise.de. When our website is accessed, no personal data is transmitted to the providers of the plug-ins as a result. Next to the logo or brand of the social network, you will find a slider with which you can activate the plug-in by clicking on it. After activation, the provider of the social network receives the information that you have accessed our website and your personal data is transmitted to the provider of the plug-in and stored there. These are so-called third party cookies. According to some providers such as Facebook and XING, your IP is anonymized immediately after collection.
The data collected about the user is stored by the plug-in provider as usage profiles. These are used for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or needs-based design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (also for users who are not logged in) for the display of needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about the user’s activities on our website. The user has a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby one must contact the respective plug-in provider to exercise this right.
the legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is our legitimate interest in improving and optimizing our website by increasing our awareness by means of social networks as well as the possibility of interaction with you and users among themselves via social networks in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p.1 lit. f) DS-GVO.
We have no influence on the collected data and data processing operations. We also have no knowledge of the scope of data collection, the purpose of processing and the storage periods. We also have no information on the deletion of the collected data by the plug-in provider. 5.
With regard to the purpose and scope of data collection and processing, we refer to the respective data protection statements of the social networks. In addition, you will also find information about your rights and setting options for the protection of your personal data there.
Instagram
We have integrated plug-ins from the social network Instagram (Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA) on our website as part of the so-called “two-click solution” from Shariff. You can recognize this by the Instagram logo in the form of a square camera.
If you voluntarily activate the plug-in, a connection is established from your browser to the servers of Instagram. Instagram receives the information, including your IP address, that you have visited our site and transmits the information to Instagram servers in the USA, where this information is stored. If you are logged into your account on Instagram, Instagram can assign this information to your account and you can click the Instagram button and thus share and save the content of our pages on your Instagram account and possibly show it to your friends there. We have no knowledge of the exact content of the transmitted data, its use and storage period by Instagram.
if you log out of Instagram before visiting our website and delete your cookies, no data about the visit to our website will be assigned to your profile on Instagram when the plug-in is activated.
You can find more information in Instagram’s privacy policy at https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 and on privacy settings here: https://help.instagram.com/196883487377501.
Rights of the data subject
object to or revoke the processing of your data Insofar as the processing is based on your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a), Art. 7 DS-GVO, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
Insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on the balance of interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO, you may object to the processing. This is the case if the processing is not necessary, in particular, for the performance of a contract with you, which is presented by us in each case in the following description of the functions. When exercising such an objection, we ask you to explain the reasons why we should not process your personal data as we have done. In the event of your justified objection, we will examine the merits of the case and either discontinue or adapt the data processing or show you our compelling legitimate grounds on the basis of which we will continue the processing.
You may object to the processing of your personal data for purposes of advertising and data analysis at any time. You can exercise the right to object free of charge. You can inform us of your advertising objection using the following contact details:
Maurice Wirth Internetagentur, Pungshausstraße 97, 40724 Hilden, Germany, e-mail address:
info@scratchadventure.com
right to information
You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether personal data relating to you is being processed. If this is the case, you have a right to information about your personal data stored by us in accordance with Art. 15 DS-GVO. This includes, in particular, information about the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the origin of your data if it has not been collected directly from you.
right to rectification
You have the right to have incorrect data corrected or correct data completed in accordance with Art. 16 DS-GVO.
right to deletion
You have a right to have your data stored by us deleted in accordance with Art. 17 DS-GVO, unless legal or contractual retention periods or other legal obligations or rights to further storage prevent this.
right to restriction
You have the right to request a restriction in the processing of your personal data if one of the conditions in Art. 18 (1) a) to d) DS-GVO is met:
– If you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
– the processing is unlawful and you object to the erasure of the personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of the personal data;
– the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
– if you have objected to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) DS-GVO and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate grounds of the controller outweigh your grounds.
right to data portability
You have a right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 DS-GVO, which means that you can receive the personal data we have stored about you in a structured, common and machine-readable format or request that it be transferred to another controller.
right to complain
You have a right to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority for this purpose, in particular in the Member State of your residence, workplace or the place of the alleged infringement.
Data security
In order to protect all personal data transmitted to us and to ensure that data protection regulations are complied with by us, as well as by our external service providers, we have taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures. Therefore, among other things, all data between your browser and our server is transmitted encrypted via a secure SSL connection.
Status: 30.12.2021
Source:
JuraForum.de
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.