Privacy Policy
Kinkd (“Kinkd,” “we,” and “us”) respects the privacy of its users (“you”) and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our application or services or transacting business with us. By using our website, application or other online services (our “Service”), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us
Information we collect about you
In General. We may collect Personal Information, including Sensitive Data, and other information. “Personal Information” means individually identifiable information that would allow us to determine the actual identity of, and contact, a specific living person. Sensitive Data includes information, comments or content (e.g. photographs, profile) that you optionally provide that may reveal your ethnic origin, nationality, religion and/or sexual orientation. By providing Sensitive Data to us, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of Sensitive Data as permitted by applicable privacy laws. We may also collect your geolocation information with your consent. We may collect this information through a website, mobile application, or other online services. By using the Service, you are authorising us to gather, parse and retain data related to the provision of the Service. When you provide personal information through our Service, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and countries around the world where data protection laws may differ.
Information you provide. In order to register as a user with Kinkd, you will be asked to sign in using your email address. You will also be asked to allow Kinkd to collect your location information from your device when you download or use the Service. In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner. This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information. You may also provide us photos, a personal description and information about your gender and preferences for recommendations, such as search distance, age range and gender. If you chat with other Kinkd users, you provide us the content of your chats, and if you contact us with a customer service or other inquiry, you provide us with the content of that communication.
Fair collection of personal data – type of data
•   Data related to your identity: The registration form must be completed in order to access the Services. You are required to provide some personal data when registering.
•   You may also provide Kinkd with a mobile phone number in order to receive text alerts as well as a step within our profile verification. In all cases, your e-mail address shall not be visible or available to the public.
•   Location Data (geolocation): Kinkd’s primary function and goal is to enable users to find the people nearby, in order to facilitate virtual or real life meet ups. You will be asked for permission to collect and process your geolocation in order to allow Kinkd to identify other users who agreed to geolocation.
•   Transaction Data: Kinkd does not collect or process any bank data. The Apple App Store and Google Play Store have opted to refrain from sending certain data to mobile applications, which includes any banking and financial information. Such data is collected and processed solely by the above platforms, and Kinkd does not have the option of changing this payment method.
•   Mobile Data: When you use the Application, Kinkd collects server logs which may include information such as IP addresses, operating systems or application crashes.
Use of technologies to collect information. We use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities on our Service.
Information collected automatically. We automatically collect information from your device when you visit our Service. This information could include your IP address, device ID and type, your browser type and language, the operating system used by your device, access times, your mobile device’s geographic location while our application is actively running, and the referring website address.
How we use the information we collect
In General. We may use information that we collect about you to:
•   deliver and improve our products and services, and manage our business;
•   manage your account and provide you with customer support;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services, or content;
•   communicate with you by email, and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
With whom we share your information
Information Shared with Other Users. When you register as a user of Kinkd, your Kinkd profile will be viewable by other users of the Service. Other users (and in the case of any sharing features available on Kinkd, the individuals or apps with whom a Kinkd user may choose to share you with) will be able to view information you have provided to us directly.
Personal information. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with:
Service providers. We may share information, including personal and financial information, with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, ad tracking and analytics, member screenings, supporting our Service functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our Service. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Required by Law: We may share your personal data in the following circumstances: to comply with a legal process, like a court order, subpoena or search warrant, a government investigation or other legal requirements to help in the prevention or detection of crime (subject to applicable law); or to protect the safety of any person.
Enforce Legal Rights: We may also share your personal data to enforce legal rights, including: to mitigate KinkD’s liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, partners or other interested parties; to enforce our agreements with you; and to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With Your Consent: We may share your personal data if we have first obtained your consent to do so.
How we protect your personal information
We take security measures to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorised access and disclosure. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, chats, or other communications will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email.
You agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues, such as security breaches. We may post a notice on our Service if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
Information you provide about yourself while using our Service
We provide areas on our Service where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Service. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. Kinkd cannot be held liable for data published on its platform and disclosed by a Member.
Children's privacy
Although our Service is a general audience Service, we restrict the use of our service to individuals age 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under the age of 18.
Onward transfer and consent to international processing
We are a growing corporation with users and operations in multiple countries, including the European Union. We have developed data practices designed to assure information is appropriately protected but we cannot always know where personal information may be accessed or processed. While our primary data centres are in the United States, we may transfer personal information or other information to our offices outside of the United States. In addition, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. If we disclose personal information to a third party or to our employees outside of the United States, we will seek assurances that any information we may provide to them is safeguarded adequately and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable privacy laws and obtain confirmation that such information is safe guarded in accordance with the requirements of applicable privacy laws.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal data, including sensitive data, by Kinkd from your region to countries which do not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area, including the United States. By providing your personal information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Service, or advances in technology. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy, which will be posted on the Services under “Settings” and also on kinkddating.com, and you should regularly check for the most recent version, which is the version that applies. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the changes by reasonable means, which could include notifications through the Services or via email. Please review the changes carefully. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you consent to and accept those changes. If you do not consent to such changes you can delete your account by following the instructions under Settings.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at support@Kinkddating.com.