LEGAL NOTICES
"1829 App": refers to the App named "1829", which is free to download using a smartphone and/or tablet from the App Store (Apple) and Android app platforms.
"Website" refers to the website accessible at
www.champagne-bollinger.com
.
Any access to, or consultation or navigation of, the Website and/or 1829 App implies acceptance without reserve or restriction by the user (henceforth "the User"), of the legal notices of the Website and 1829 App, the conditions of use of the Website and 1829 App, and the provisions relating to the protection of the User's personal data.
PROTECTION OF MINORS – ALCOHOL CONSUMPTION
In accordance with the provisions of Article L3342-1 of the French Public Health Code, which states that the sale of alcohol to minors is prohibited, and in accordance with the provisions of Article L3323-2 of the French Public Health Code, which governs the publicity of alcoholic beverages, you agree to only access the 1829 Website and/or App if you are an adult aged 18 years or over. The User is responsible for any false declarations. You further agree to take all necessary steps to prevent minors who may be using your computer equipment from accessing the Website and/or App and the information that it contains about the products offered by Champagne Bollinger.
Abuse of alcohol is dangerous for your health.
Consume in moderation.
Consumption of alcohol during pregnancy, even in small quantities, can have serious consequences for a child’s health.
LEGAL NOTICES
2.1. Publisher
The Website and 1829 App are published by
Champagne Bollinger
:
Champagne Bollinger – a public limited company registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Reims under the number 334 594 777, with headquarters located at 16 Rue Jules Lobet, BP 4, 51160 Aÿ, FRANCE
Tel: +33 (0) 3 26 53 33 66
Fax: +33 (0) 3 26 54 85 59
VAT No.: FR 19 334 594 777
Share Capital: €4,480,000
Company Registration No. 334 594 777 000 16
Email:
contact@champagne-bollinger.fr
2.2. Publishing Director:
Publishing Director: Charles-Arnaud de Belenet
2.3. Host
Web host: Société VTS, registered with the Toulouse Trade and Companies Register under the number 822 986 832, the head office of which is located at 59 Allées Jean Jaurès, 31 000 Toulouse
Contact: Email address:
contact@vts.team
App Host: AWS. Provider:
GoBeyond Partners SAS
registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under the number
499 528 792
, with headquarters located at
3 rue d'Héliopolis 75017 PARIS represented by Anne-Sophie GOUDRIAAN.
Contact Information:
Email:
Capucine CONSTANT,
cconstant@mystudiofactory.com
Tel. 01 44 40 33 40
CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE 1829 APP AND WEBSITE
3.1. Rules governing access to and use of the Website and 1829 App
When using and accessing the Website and 1829 App, you agree to refrain from:
Using the Website and/or 1829 App unlawfully, for any unlawful purpose or in any manner that is inconsistent with these Terms of Use
Using the Website and/or 1829 App for the distribution, hosting, processing, propagation, storage or management of abusive, defamatory, harassing, libellous, obscene, pornographic or threatening materials, or any false or misleading documents which infringe the privacy of others or, more generally, are likely to infringe the rights of third parties
Selling, copying, reproducing, renting, lending, distributing, transferring, or sublicensing all or part of the content that appears on the Website and/or 1829 App, or allowing any third party to use or have access to the Website and/or 1829 App for any purpose whatsoever. You further agree not to decompile, disassemble, modify, distribute, duplicate, attempt to discover any source code or use any software that enables or constitutes any part of the Website and/or the 1829 App
Impersonating any person or entity, or from falsely stating or misrepresenting your affiliation with any person or entity
Collecting the personal data of other users of the Website and/or the 1829 App for any purpose whatsoever
Attempting to gain unauthorised access to areas and features of the Website and/or the 1829 App that are not accessible by default, or engaging in any disruptive activity that diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or reduces the functionalities of the Website and/or the 1829 App
Using the Website and/or the 1829 App for abusive purposes by deliberately introducing viruses or any other malware, or attempting to gain unauthorised access to the Website and/or the 1829 App.
If Champagne Bollinger believes that you are not complying with these Terms of Use, it reserves the right to remove your access to the Website  and 1829 App at any time.
3.2. Intellectual Property
The elements accessible on the 1829 App, whatever their form or representation, and notably in the form of texts, photographs, images, icons, sounds, videos, software, databases and data, are protected by intellectual and industrial property rights and other private rights held exclusively by Champagne Bollinger.
The Champagne Bollinger brand is protected by intellectual property rights and remains the exclusive property of Champagne Bollinger.
Access to the Website and 1829 App does not grant the User any right to the intellectual property rights relating to the Website or 1829 App and their contents, which remain the exclusive property of Champagne Bollinger, other than the right to use them within the strict framework of the Website and 1829 App’s access conditions and these Terms of Use.
The User recognises and accepts that all rights pertaining to all or part of the Website and 1829 App, all property rights pertaining thereof, and in particular intellectual property rights, are exclusively held and/or exercised by Champagne Bollinger.
The CLIENT thus undertakes (i) not to reproduce all or any part of the Website and/or 1829 App, not to modify or alter the Website and/or 1829 App, (iii) to comply with the technical recommendations provided by Champagne Bollinger, (iv) not to carry out on the Website or 1829 App any reverse engineering, de-compilation, disassembly of the computer program, analysis of any kind with the aim of de-structuring (searching for basic, material or intellectual components, etc.), translation, listing and/or access to the source code via the object code, subject to mandatory legal provisions, (v) not to seek to find out the trade secrets used to develop the Website and/or 1829 App, (vi) not to transfer, lend and/or grant rights in relation to the Website and/or 1829 App to any third party, even temporarily, whether free of charge or in exchange for payment, (vii) and more generally, not to infringe, in any way whatsoever, on the intellectual property rights held or exercised by Champagne Bollinger.
If the User does not comply with the provisions set out in this Article, this will give rise to legal proceedings, in particular on the grounds of counterfeiting. In accordance with the provisions of the Intellectual Property Code on copyright and sui generis databases rights, the extraction and/or reuse of all, or a qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part, of the elements and contents of the Website and/or 1829 App is strictly prohibited, as is the repeated and systematic extraction or reuse of qualitatively or quantitatively insubstantial elements and contents. These actions are likely to constitute acts of counterfeiting and will result in the civil and/or criminal liability of their author.
PRIVACY POLICY
To facilitate use and access of the Website and 1829 App, CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER is required to collect and/or ask the User to provide personal data. Disclosure of some of this data is necessary to enable CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER to provide the User with information and services relating to CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER and the products it sells. If the User does not disclose the requested Data, CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER may not be able to accommodate the User's requests and/or provide them with all the information and/or services available via the Website and App.
The legal basis for personal Data processing is compliance with the legal obligations by which CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER is bound, the fulfilment of a contract and/or the legitimate interests of CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER, in accordance with the provisions of Article 6 of the GDPR.
The provision of personal Data is required, in particular to (a) monitor traffic to the Website and 1829 App and to adapt the ways Maison Bollinger gives Users access to the their various sections and functionalities, in the best conditions, (b) to offer Users, where appropriate, content that relates to their areas of interest, (c) to establish and monitor commercial interactions between CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER and Users who place orders on the 1829 App in order to carry out the contractual commitments that have been entered into and, more generally, to meet the resulting obligations, (d) to comply with the applicable legal and regulatory provisions, and (e) to generally ensure effective management of Maison Bollinger and how the company and its products are presented to the public.
When processing personal Data, Maison Bollinger undertakes (a) to ensure that the Data concerned is accurate and up to date and to make any necessary corrections and/or additions as soon as possible, (b) to ensure that the processing complies with applicable legal provisions, and (c) to process personal Data in full compliance with the principle of fair, lawful and transparent processing, in compliance with the principle of data minimisation, and in conditions that guarantee the security and confidentiality of the Data.
Personal Data relating to the User, whether or not they are a customer of CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER, is intended for the internal services of CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER and may be communicated to third parties for the purposes mentioned above, tax and/or social authorities, accounting and/or legal service providers of CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER, and more generally, CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER’s partners and contacts who need to know the Data concerned for the purposes mentioned above.
CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER has taken all appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure the security, integrity, and confidentiality of Users’ personal Data, and to protect it from loss or any form of unauthorised and unlawful processing. Furthermore, personal Data relating to Users is not transferred or made available to third parties for commercial prospecting purposes.
Personal Data will be stored and processed within the European Union.
CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER retains collected personal Data in its systems for a period limited to that which is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed and/or to comply with specific regulatory or contractual obligations.
Users whose personal Data is processed have a right of access, rectification and erasure of information concerning them, a right to object and withdraw their consent if the processing of their Data is based on consent, as well as a right to be forgotten and/or to restriction of processing of personal Data concerning them, within the limits and conditions defined in the GDPR. These rights can be exercised at the following address CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER – Service Clients, 20 Boulevard du Maréchal de Lattre de Tassigny, 51160 Aÿ, France, or by email:
contact@champagne-bollinger.fr
.
Furthermore, those concerned have the right to lodge a complaint with the French Commission on Information Technology and Liberties (CNIL).
COOKIES
CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER uses cookies and other tracers to measure and analyse its audience and ensure the effective operation of the Website and 1829 App. Cookies are small files that can be stored and/or read when you consult the Website and 1829 App and use the services they provide. Cookies enable Maison Bollinger to process statistics and traffic information, to facilitate navigation and to improve the service for the User’s convenience.
By refusing the installation of these essential cookies, it cannot be guaranteed that the Website and 1829 App will work properly or that all sections and features will be accessible.
Other cookies may also be used to provide you with offers and services tailored to your interests. Maison Bollinger can thereby better understand your interests and provide you with information tailored to your needs. These cookies will also save you from having to repeatedly provide information that you have already given us.
Optional cookies (which are not strictly required for the successful operation of the Website and 1829 App) require your consent. You can consent to them by clicking on the "accept and continue" button on the cookie policy settings page. This User consent is considered valid for a period of 13 (thirteen) months. At the end of this period, access to the Website and/or the 1829 App will again require User authorisation of "cookie" files. Our cookie management tool allows you to change your preferences at any time, withdraw your consent, and access the list of companies using cookies on the Website and the 1829 App.
NEWSLETTER
The User can subscribe to email information services (“Newsletter”) via the 1829 App or the Website.
By subscribing to the Newsletter, the User agrees to receive electronic messages informing them about news and content relating to the App. The User can also receive the Newsletter via SMS and/or by post should they wish.
This electronic messaging service is totally free of charge.
The User may request to no longer receive these messages at any time, either by sending an email to
contact@champagne-bollinger.fr
or by sending a letter to the following address: Champagne Bollinger, CS 80004, 51160 Aÿ-Champagne.
HYPERLINKS
The 1829 App and Website may contain a number of hyperlinks to other sites. However, CHAMPAGNE BOLLINGER is not able to check the content of such sites and consequently will not assume any responsibility for this.