Privacy Policy
Last Update: December 10, 2024
SuSea, Inc. and its affiliates (“we,” “our,” or “us”) value the privacy of individuals who use our website located at you.com, apps, and related services (collectively, our “Services”). The Services provide a productivity engine that helps customers leverage AI (via multiple large language models also known as LLMs) to accomplish work and general information retrieval. We collect data to perform these Services, to understand how our consumers use the service, to identify new features and opportunities, debug platform issues, fund the services via ads, and to protect the platform from fraud and abuse. Such data processing is conducted for the following reasons:
When we have a legal duty.
To fulfill our contract with you.
When it is in our legitimate interests, data processing is necessary to achieve those interests and our interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
With your consent, when needed and if applicable.
The section titled “
How We Share the Information We Collect
” in this Privacy Policy provides information on the Affiliates, Service Providers, and third parties with whom we share information.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from or about you.com users (“Users” or “you” or “your”) or their devices. By using our Services, you acknowledge the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our
Terms of Service
and our
Cookie Notice
.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this Privacy Policy also applies to our enterprise subscription customers with whom we have a Master Services Agreement (our “Enterprise Customers”) and their users, as well as paid subscribers to our Services such as ProPlan or Team Plan subscribers (our “Paid Subscribers). In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the terms of an Enterprise Customer’s Master Services Agreement, the terms of the latter will control.
Finally, as noted in our Terms of Service at Section 5.1, this Privacy Policy assumes that in accessing our Services you will not include in any prompts (or disclose, send or transmit to you.com), or to upload any sensitive, personal information or personally identifiable information that is subject to specific regulations or laws that impose increased protections and/or obligations with respect to handling that type of information (including, but not limited to, personal financial, health, social security numbers or other government identification numbers, ethnicity, sexual orientation and political affiliations), such as HIPAA or GLBA, or under international regulations such as GDPR, or any other information where unauthorized disclosure could cause material or severe harm or impact to you.com or third parties.
Please do not enter such sensitive personal information in prompts or otherwise share such information that could enter our systems.
Information We Collect
We collect any information that you provide to us, including when you create your account, submit your preferences, or contact us. We also collect information about your device and the ways you use and interact with our Services.
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
If you do not provide your information when requested, you may not be able to use our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with our Services or if we are legally required to collect it.
Registration and Profile Information.
When you sign up for an account, we ask you for your name and email address.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties.
If you choose to connect your account on a third-party platform or network to the Services, like using your Google account to access your you.com account, we receive information from Google. For example, this information may include your Google username, profile picture, and other profile information. You can see Google’s Privacy Policy
here
. In the future, we may allow other services to provide log-in services. If so, we will share log-in credentials with the provider and receive information you have shared with the log-in provider.
Third Party Service Collections
. We will not use any third-party services (e.g. DropBox, Google Drive, or Microsoft Sharepoint, etc.) to collect information without explicit permission. Personal data collected through these services may include information to help us identify your account, prompts, content created or shared by you, or feedback that you provide to our Services. This data will not be used for developing, improving, or training third party AI and/or ML models. To the extent we transfer any data to our third-party AI providers, it is solely data which our users have represented they have the right to transfer, and to which transfer our users consent. For instance, if a user creates a document on a platform like Google or Microsoft, the user represents that he/she has the ownership and/or rights in that document to upload it to our app, and by uploading it, the user consents based on our internal processes to share it with our third-party AI providers.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience.
Please note that if you submit your resume to us, we may rely on artificial intelligence tools to assess your candidacy. We cannot guarantee or assert the reliability or legality of these tools, but considering the thousands of applicants, we must rely on the latest technologies to assist us with the hiring process. Nevertheless, we will endeavor to use the best tools on the market, while abandoning any tools that are proven to be unreliable or discriminatory.
By submitting your contact information or resume to us, you acknowledge and consent to our usage of such tools.
Device Information.
We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including internet protocol (IP) address, web browser type, operating system version, and device identifiers.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services, to better personalize them to you, to help us improve them, and to communicate and market to you in the most relevant ways, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, and the dates and times of your visits.
Fraud Detection.
You.com collects user telemetry for abuse and security monitoring purposes. Telemetry might include IP address, client identification signals such as browser user-agent, and actions performed on the platform. For a description of user-agents, see
here
.
Payment Information.
We may receive your payment details if you purchase services or to access services.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We collect information using only first-party cookies and similar technologies. Please review our
Cookie Notice
to learn more about our Cookie practices.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use your information primarily to provide, personalize, maintain the security of, and improve the Services you use. We also use your information to communicate with you and to carry out our marketing; to protect you and others; and to exercise, defend or establish our rights.
We use the information we collect:
To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
To understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To personalize our services to our members;
To communicate with you and provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
To process payments;
For marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you, as well as for advertising purposes and to make our advertising as relevant as possible;
To generate anonymized, aggregate data containing only de-identified, non-personal information that we may use for any lawful purpose;
To find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
You are in control of your profile information and email preferences:
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
You can request the deletion of your user profile and all data associated to it by emailing us at legal@you.com.
How We Share the Information We Collect
We share your information with third party vendors who help us to provide and enhance our Services and marketing. We share information with the following categories of third parties.
Who we share with.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services. We have agreements in place with vendors and service providers to address how they may use your information.
Affiliates.
Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, communications channels and website analytics services).
We have service provider relationships and use various Large Language Model (LLM) providers including
OpenAI
,
Anthropic
, and
Google
. The privacy policies to each of these is linked to the name of the service providers noted here.
As of the date of this Privacy Policy, we use services such as Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager and AppsFlyer for analytics, website optimization (to see what parts of our website users like the most), and to help us improve our advertising and marketing efforts. You can see Google's privacy policy
here
. You can see the AppsFlyer services privacy policy
here
.
We use either Stytch or Descope for account management of consumer users (See
Stytch privacy policy
and
Descope privacy policy
, and Auth0 (Auth0
data processing terms
) for API users.
We use Amazon Web Services for various content hosting (
Amazon privacy policy
).
We use Stripe for payment processing. Stripe's privacy policy is
here
.
We provide these vendor details to provide additional transparency but don’t guarantee that this list is current or complete.
Advertising partners.
Third party advertising companies for the interest-based advertising purposes described above. The disclosure of this information may constitute a data “sale” under certain privacy laws.
Professional advisors.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees.
Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Advertisements.
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products, when using our Services without a paid subscription. We do not use what you say in email, documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Services. For example:
We may use data we collect, such as de-identified chat data, to select and deliver some of the ads you see on our Services.
Third parties may access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads.
We may share de-identified information/data we collect with our advertisers, so that the ads you see are more relevant and valuable to you.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, and chat queries.
Neither Enterprise Customers nor Paid Subscribers are subject to the above noted advertisements.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to,
Microsoft
only. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's privacy practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
Neither Enterprise Customers nor Paid Subscribers are subject to such advertiser data collection practices.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement or otherwise lawful requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may disclose and transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
Consent.
We may disclose information from or about you or your devices with your permission.
Links to Other Websites or LLM Tools.
Our Services contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us, such as 3rd party websites in chat responses, our advertisers (not applicable to Enterprise Customers or Paid Subscribers), and other business partners. This Policy only applies to information collected by our Services. We have no control over these third party websites, and your use of third party websites and features are subject to privacy policies posted on those websites. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy or business practices of any third party websites linked to our Services. Your use of third parties' websites linked to our Services is at your own risk, so we encourage you to read the privacy policies of any linked third party websites when you leave one of our Services.
Your Rights Regarding Your Data
As explained below, you.com provides ways for you to access and delete your personal information as well as exercise applicable data rights that give you certain control over your information. Please note that we are
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States’ Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
A) All Users
Email Subscriptions.
You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional emails by clicking unsubscribe in those messages. We will still send you transactional and relational emails about your use of the you.com Services.
Push Notifications.
You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your app settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the you.com Services (such as notice of Services enhancements).
Profile Information.
You can review and edit certain account information you have chosen to add to your profile by logging in to your account settings and profile.
Location Information.
You can prevent your device from sharing location information through your device’s system settings. But if you do, this may impact you.com’s ability to provide you our full range of features and services.
Accessing Your Information.
If you would like to access your information, please email us at
Privacy@you.com
. You can also see information we have about you by logging into your account and viewing things like your profile, settings, and preferences.
Deleting Your Account.
If you would like to delete your you.com account, please email us
Privacy@you.com.
In some cases, we will be unable to delete your account, such as if there is an issue with your account related to trust, safety, or fraud. When we delete your account, we may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. For example, we may retain your information because we may be obligated to do so as part of an open legal claim. When we retain such data, we do so in ways designed to prevent its use for other purposes.
Regardless of where you live, and subject to our obligations under applicable laws, you may have certain rights and choices regarding your information. For example, in addition to choices described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, you may have some or all of the following rights and choices in general:
B) General Regional Rights
Access Rights: You may have the right to receive certain information, such as the following (these rights, and the applicable types of data and time periods, will vary depending on the laws applicable to the state or country in which you reside):
The categories of information we have collected or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared your information.
Access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.
In some circumstances, you may have the right to obtain certain information in a portable format.
Erasure: You may have the right to request that we delete certain information we have about you. We may either decide to delete your information entirely, or we may anonymize or aggregate your information such that it no longer reasonably identifies you, and may use it to improve our Services. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, we may be required to retain certain information for legal purposes, and there may be other reasons we may need to keep certain information under various applicable laws. In addition, if you ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use some of our Services.
Correction: You may have the right to request that we correct certain information we hold about you.
Limitation of Processing: Certain laws may allow you to object to or limit the manner in which we process some of your information, including the ways in which we use or share it. For example, you may have these rights if the processing was undertaken without your consent and without a legitimate business interest (although we may not be required to cease or limit processing in cases where our interests are balanced against your privacy interests).
Regulator Contact: You may have the right to contact or file a complaint with regulators or supervisory authorities about our processing of information.  To do so, please contact your local data protection or consumer protection authority.
Postings by Minors: Users of our Services under the age of 18 in certain jurisdictions have the right to require that we delete any content they have posted on one of our Services.
Other: You may have the right to receive information about any financial incentives that we may offer to you, if any. You may also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights.
If you believe that you have specific rights under your jurisdiction and you would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a support request via email to us at
Privacy@you.com
. Other than a simple marketing opt-out, you will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. In certain jurisdictions, you may be able to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, subject to certain requirements of your applicable law. We may require that you provide the email address we have on file for you (and verify that you can access that email account) as well as an address, phone number, or other data we have on file, in order to verify your identity.  If an agent is submitting the request on your behalf, we reserve the right to validate the agent’s authority to act on your behalf, and we may be required to take additional verification measures under applicable law.
C) Important Information for EU and United Kingdom Users
If you are a user from the European Union or United Kingdom you should be aware that we are joint controllers of your information (Data Controller) under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”), and such similar laws promulgated in the various EU countries.
You may have certain additional rights regarding your information (as defined in the GDPR and UK GDPR, for instance), including the right to:
access your information;
rectify your information if it is incorrect or incomplete;
have your personally identifiable information erased (“right to be forgotten”) if certain grounds are met;
withdraw your consent to our processing of your information at any time, but only if our processing is based on consent;
object to our processing of your information, if our processing is based on legitimate interests;
object to our processing of your information for direct marketing purposes; and
receive your information from us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and
the right to transmit your information to another controller without hindrance from us (data portability).
There is no charge for any of these requests. To make a request, please contact us at Privacy@you.com. We try to respond to such requests in a timely manner, but in no event longer than one month.
When we collect your information, we maintain and store it for as long as we determine reasonably necessary to provide our Services to you, unless you exercise your right to erasure described above, or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
If you are a citizen of the European Union or United Kingdom, when we process your information, we will only do so in the following situations:
We have a contractual obligation.
You have provided your consent. You are able to remove your consent at any time, and you may do this by contacting us at
Privacy@you.com
.
We have a legal obligation.
We have a legitimate business interest in processing your information. For example, we may process your information to send you marketing communications, relevant content, products or events invitations, or to communicate with you about changes to our Services, and to provide, secure, or improve our Services.
You should be aware that information that you provide to us may be transferred out of the country in which you reside to servers in a country that may not guarantee the same level of protection as the one in which you reside. We do this for a legitimate business purpose in providing the Services as permitted under UK and EU privacy laws, and therefore specific consent is not required under the EU and UK legal schema. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of your information will take place to a third party unless there are adequate controls in place to protect your information and/or you have provided contractual consent by becoming a User.
If you are a User in the European Union or United Kingdom and have a concern about our processing of personal information that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
D) Information for U.S. Residents
Various U.S. states (e.g., as of the date of this Policy, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia) currently allow or will soon allow consumers to opt out of sharing of their data. As such, residents of those states may request that we:
Disclose the sources, categories, and specific pieces of information we have collected about you, how that information is used, and with whom we share it
Disclose the purpose for collecting your information
Disclose the categories of third parties with whom we share your information
Delete/rectify/restrict personally identifiable information, subject to certain exceptions (right of rectification not applicable to Utah residents)
Though not specifically applicable to us, to disclose, for any “sales” of personal information, the categories of personal information collected and sold and to what categories of third parties it was sold
Though not specifically applicable to us, to opt you out of sales of your information (if any) or subject certain information to automated decision-making algorithms (not applicable to Utah residents)
Provide a copy of your information in a readily usable format that allows the information to be transmitted to others
Residents in these states may not be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described above.
Residents of these states may exercise these rights by emailing us at
Privacy@you.com
. Note that if a state law has been ratified but not yet effective, we reserve the right to deny your request as it pertains to that state. Finally, if you are a Colorado resident, please note that we do not require or seek to process any of your sensitive personal information (defined as personal data that reveals racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, sexual orientation and biometric information). As noted in the first page of this Policy, if you are a Colorado resident,
please do not enter such sensitive personal information in prompts or otherwise share such information that could enter our systems.
We do
not
process any data of children.
In general, we, including our vendors and service providers, collect the following California regulated categories of personal information (PI) from you:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. PI categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, license or state identification card number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with websites, services, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other PI.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Sharing Your Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose with our Affiliates and Service Providers:
Category A: Identifiers such as real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Category G: Geolocation data
Category H: Sensory data
Category K: Inferences drawn from other PI
Shine Your Light Law
. Under California law, California residents are entitled, once per calendar year, to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information that we share with certain third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and providing contact information (i.e., names and addresses) for these third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to us via email at
Privacy@you.com
. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in your request and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or do not have complete information.
Opt-Out of Sale in U.S.
We do not currently “sell” (as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act and other U.S. state laws) any personal information subject to this Privacy Policy, and we do not exchange information for any type of financial incentive. Information shared with our advertisers is not considered personal information, as none of the data exchanged could lead to the identification of you as an individual (i.e., at minimum it is de-identified).
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
. This is distinct from any response to opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control (aka GPC).
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 18 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child you are a guardian or parent of has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at legal@you.com.
Security
We work hard to protect your information.
We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, as our Services are hosted electronically, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
As part of our security program, we use vendors with recognized world-class security such as AWS, Stripe, and Google. AWS security documentation is
here
. Stripe’s security practices are
here
. Google’s security is described
here
. We also limit the type and amount of personal information we collect in the first place. All our communications and websites are encrypted (using transport layer security, or TLS, a leading encryption protocol).
Affirmative Commitment to Comply with
the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the “EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the “Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (the “EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (the “Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Our Liability for Onward Transfers
Under the DPF’s Accountability for Onward Transfer Principle (the “DPF Principle”), as a joint controller of your data, we comply with the DPF’s Notice and Choice Principles. Furthermore, under the Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principles of the DPF, we are responsible for the processing of personal information, including transfers to third parties acting as agents on our behalf. To that end, we remain liable under the DPF Principles, if our third party agent processes your personal information in a manner that is inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Contact Information, Inquiries or Complaints
You can contact us with your questions, comments, or concerns.
Specifically in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) at:
Privacy@you.com
or write to us at:
SuSea, Inc.
Attention: Data Privacy Officer
228 Hamilton Ave, Floor 3
Palo Alto CA 94301
Alternative Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, but with facilities in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Note also that Su-Sea, Inc. (dba you.com) is obligated to arbitrate claims and follow the terms as set forth in Annex I of the DPF Principles, provided that an individual has invoked binding arbitration by delivering notice to our organization and following the procedures and subject to conditions set forth in Annex I of Principles. For more information, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will let you know about any material changes to this Privacy Policy.
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through the Services, we will notify you through the Services, by email, or other communication (such as posting on this website).
Cookie Notice
We and our affiliates, third parties, and other partners use cookies and other identification technologies on our websites, mobile applications, email communications, advertisements, and other online services (collectively, the ‘Services’) for a number of purposes, including: authenticating users, remembering user preferences and settings, determining the popularity of content, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, analyzing site traffic and trends, and generally understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our Services. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.
You can read more here about the types of cookies we use, why we use them, and how you can exercise your choices.
Cookies and related technologies overview
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or device by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements that are used to remember your browser or device during and across website visits. We also utilize other technologies that may identify you or the devices you use. For example, ‘pixel tags’ (also called beacons) are small blocks of code installed on (or called by) a webpage, app, or advertisement which can retrieve certain information about your device and browser, including, for example: device type, operating system, browser type and version, website visited, time of visit, referring website, IP address, advertising identifiers, and other similar information, including the small text file (the cookie) that uniquely identifies the device. Pixels provide the means by which third-parties can set and read browser cookies from a domain that they do not themselves operate and collect information about visitors to that domain, typically with the permission of the domain owner. ‘Local storage’ refers generally to other places on a browser or device where information can be stored by websites, ads, or third-parties (such as HTML5 local storage and browser cache). ‘Software Development Kits’ (also called SDKs) function like pixels and cookies, but operate in the mobile app context where pixels and cookies cannot always function. The primary app developer can install pieces of code (the SDK) from partners in the app, and thereby allow the partner to collect certain information about user interaction with the app and information about the user device and network information.
Your choices
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. However, they are an important part of how our Services work, so you should be aware that if you choose to refuse or remove cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the Services.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your browser which are usually located within the ‘Help’ or ‘Preferences’ menu. Some third-parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking on an opt-out link, and we have indicated where this is possible in the table below.
For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, you can visit
https://www.youradchoices.com
.
For mobile users, you have controls in your device Operating System that enables you to choose whether to allow cookies, or share your advertising ID with companies like ours or our advertising service providers. For information on controlling your mobile choices, you can visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices
.
To help control or block certain ads in mobile applications, you may choose to download the DAA mobile app to activate control and block features.
Types and purposes of cookies
The following table sets out the different categories of cookies that our Services use and why we use them. The lists of cookie providers are intended merely as illustrative and should not be viewed as a comprehensive list.
Types of Cookie
Purpose
Who Serves (for example)
Strictly necessary
These cookies (including local storage and similar technologies) are essential to enable your use of the site or services, such as assisting with your account login, so we can show you the appropriate experience and features, such as your account information, session history, and to edit your account settings. They may also provide authentication, site security and help localize the language based on the geography of your visit.
you.com; Hubspot; Stripe; Auth0; Stytch; Cloudflare; Descope
Site features and services
These provide functionality that help us deliver products and Services. For example, cookies help you log in by pre-filling fields. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to help us provide you and others with social plug-ins and other customized content and experiences, such as making suggestions to you and others.
you.com; Hubspot; Stripe; LaunchDarkly
Analytics, marketing, performance and research
These are used to understand, improve and research products and Services, including when you access our website and related websites and apps from a computer or mobile device. For example, we may use cookies to understand how you are using site features, for marketing purposes by advising you of improvement to our platform, and for segmenting audiences for feature testing. We and our partners may use these technologies and the information we receive to improve and understand how you use websites, apps, products, services and ads.
Hubspot; Moesif;  GoogleAnalytics; AppsFlyer; GoogleAds
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stytch.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Stytch Privacy Policy
Last updated August 7th, 2023
Stytch, Inc. (“
Stytch
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”) has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain (1) what personal information we collect, (2) how we use and share that information, and (3) your choices concerning our privacy and information practices.
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
Stytch provides its customers with an all-in-one software platform for authentication and identity management. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect in connection with our website(s), including
https://stytch.com
, and any products and/or services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information that we process on behalf of our customers as their service provider or processor (e.g. personal information of our customers’ end users). Such personal information shall instead be governed by the terms and conditions of the separate customer agreement or terms of service that Stytch has in place with such customer. If you are such an individual and would no longer like your information to be used by Stytch and/or one of our customers or you would like to access, correct, or request deletion of your information in Stytch’s possession or control, please contact the Stytch customer that you interact with directly.
In addition, our Services are designed for businesses and are not intended for personal, family, or household use. Accordingly, we treat all personal information covered by this Privacy Policy as pertaining to individuals acting as business representatives, rather than in their personal capacity.
Personal information we collect
Information you provide to us:
-
Business Contact Information:
If you are a representative of one of our actual or prospective customers, suppliers or business partners, we may collect personal information about you (such as your name, contact details and role) when entering into an agreement with your company and during the course of our relationship with your company. -
Feedback or correspondence,
such as information you provide when you contact us with questions, feedback, reviews, or otherwise correspond with us online. -
Usage information,
such as information about how you use the Services and interact with us. -
Marketing information,
such as information you provide to us when requesting a demo, downloading a whitepaper, or subscribing to a mailing list and your preferences for receiving communications about our activities, services, and publications, and details about how you engage with our communications. -
Other information
that we may collect which is not specifically listed here, but which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Information we obtain from third parties.
We may maintain pages on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and other third-party platforms. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, the platform provider’s privacy policy will apply to your interactions and their collection, use and processing of your personal information. You or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may obtain your personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly-available sources and data providers.
Automatic data collection.
We and our service providers may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with our Services, our communications and other online services, such as: -
Device data,
such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, settings, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., WiFi, LTE, 4G), and general location information such as city, state or geographic area. -
Online activity data,
such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, browsing history, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them. -
Email Open/Click Information.
We may use pixels in our email campaigns that allow us to collect your email and IP address as well as the date and time you open an email or click on any links in the email that we may send to you.
We use the following tools for automatic data collection:
-
Cookies,
which are text files that websites store on a visitor’s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating online advertising. -
Local storage technologies,
like HTML5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications. -
Web beacons,
also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
How we use your personal information
To operate our Services:
- Provide, operate, maintain, secure and improve our Services. - Provide information about our Services. - Communicate with you about our Services, including by sending you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages. - Respond to your requests, questions and feedback.
Marketing and advertising.
We may from time-to-time send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via email and in-app notifications. You may opt out of our marketing communications as described in the “Opt out of marketing communications” section below.
For research and development.
We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve our Services and our business. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified, or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve our Services and promote our business.
Compliance and protection.
We may use personal information to: - Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities. - Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims). - Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies. - Enforce the terms and conditions that govern our Services. - Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Job Applicants
When you visit the careers portion of our website, we collect personal information that you provide to us in connection with your job application. This includes business and personal contact information, professional credentials and skills, educational and work history, and other information of the type that may be included in a resume. This may also include diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We use this information to facilitate our recruitment activities and process employment applications, such as by evaluating a job candidate for an employment activity, and monitoring recruitment statistics. We may also use and share this information to provide improved administration of the website, and as otherwise necessary: (a) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of us or others; or (c) in connection with a legal investigation.
Legal bases for processing (for United Kingdom and EEA individuals)
If you are an individual in the United Kingdom or European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable United Kingdom and/or EU laws. The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where: - We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services; - It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests; - You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or - We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
How we share your personal information
Service providers.
We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate our Services (such as lawyers, bankers, auditors, insurers, and providers that assist with hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management).
Authorities and others.
We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transfers.
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. In such a case, we will make reasonable efforts to require the recipient to honor this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates.
We may share personal information with our current and future affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Stytch. Our affiliates may use the personal information we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Cross-border processing of your personal information
Stytch is headquartered in the United States. To provide and operate our services, it is necessary for us to process your personal information in the United States.
If we transfer personal information across borders such that we are required to apply appropriate safeguards to personal information under applicable data protection laws, we will do so. Please contact us for further information about any such transfers or the specific safeguards applied.
Your choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users.
Personal information requests:
In certain circumstances (including based on where you are located), you may have the following rights in relation to your personal information: - the right to learn more about what personal information of yours is being processed, how and why such information is processed and the third parties who have access to such personal information. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy; - the right to access your personal information; - the right to rectify/correct your personal information; - the right to restrict the use of your personal information where permitted under applicable law; - the right to request that your personal information is erased/deleted where permitted under applicable law; - the right to data portability (i.e. receive your personal information or have it transferred to another controller in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format) where permitted under applicable law; and - the right to object to processing of your personal information or to direct us not to share your personal information with a non-affiliated third party where permitted under applicable law. To make a request, please email us as provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below. We may ask for specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
In addition, where you have provided your consent to processing for the purposes indicated above, you may withdraw your consent at any time (or otherwise exercise your aforementioned rights in relation to your personal information) by contacting us below(see contact details below).
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, for example if we are required to retain certain information about you to comply with applicable laws and regulations or if the information is necessary in order for us to provide the services you requested. In particular, we, and our collection and processing of your personal information, may be governed by laws and regulations on anti-money laundering, fraud prevention, taxation and financial services. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. We will not deny you access to our services, or provide you a lower quality of services if you exercise your rights.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant authority (as applicable) or a supervisory authority in the UK or EU member state of your usual residence or place of work or of the place of the alleged breach, if you consider that the processing of your personal information carried out by Stytch or any of our affiliates or third-party service providers, has breached data protection laws. Individuals and data protection supervisory authorities in the EU and the UK may contact us at
privacy@stytch.com
.
You may also appeal to certain courts against (A) any failure of the relevant authority to give written notice of whether the complaint is either being investigated or not being investigated and, where applicable, the progress and the outcome of the investigation or (B) a determination of the relevant authority not to investigate the complaint or a determination that a controller or processor has not breached or is not likely to breach an operative provision in connection with the complaint.
Opt out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of email communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email.
Online tracking opt-out.
There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through our Services, which we have summarized below: -
Blocking cookies in your browser.
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
https://allaboutcookies.org
. -
Using privacy plug-ins or browsers.
You can block our Services from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features or installing browser plugins like Privacy Badger, DuckDuckGo, Ghostery or uBlock Origin, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers. -
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics to help us better understand how people engage with the Services by collecting information and creating reports about how users use our Services. For more information on Google Analytics, click
here
. For more information about Google’s privacy practices, click
here
. You can opt out of Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt-out on every browser and device that you use.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Other sites, mobile applications and services
Our Services may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites and mobile applications and online services you use.
Security practices
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration and destruction of personal information we maintain. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information. In the event that we are required to notify you about a situation involving your data, we may do so by email or telephone to the extent permitted by law.
Children
Our Services are not intended for children, and we do not collect personal information from them. We define “children” as anyone under 18 years old. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete the information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us at
privacy@stytch.com
. Note that this may not apply to personal information that we process on behalf of our customers, and such personal information will be processed by Stytch in accordance with the separate customer agreement or terms of service that Stytch has in place with such customer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on our Services. We may also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail (if you have an account where we have your contact information) or another manner through our Services.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on our Services (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
You can reach us by email at
privacy@stytch.com
or at the following mailing address:
Stytch, Inc. 555 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94111
Get started
with Stytch
Start building for free
Explore our docs
Authentication & Authorization
For consumer applications
For B2B SaaS applications
Admin Portal
Connected Apps
Fraud & Risk Prevention
Fingerprinting
Active risk assessment
Fine-grained enforcement
Why Stytch
Stytch vs. Auth0
Stytch vs. Firebase
Stytch vs. Cognito
Stytch vs. Fingerprint
Company
About us
Careers
Contact
Resources
Pricing
Docs
Changelog
Product roadmap
API status
Blog
Community
Slack community
Technical support
Customer stories
© 2025 Stytch. All rights reserved.
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 1
https://www.descope.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Arrow Right
Join our next live demo to see how to build passwordless user journeys in minutes.
Let's go >
Log In
User Circle
Product
Use Cases
Developers
Customers
Resources
Company
Pricing
Sign up
Arrow Right
Book a demo
Arrow Right
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
1. Data Collection & Processing
Open table of contents
Table of Contents
1. Data Collection & Processing
2. Data Uses
3. Data Location and International Data Transfers
4. Data Retention
5. Data Disclosure
6. Cookies and Data Collection Technologies
7. Communications
8. Data Security
9. Data Subject Rights
10. Data Controller/Processor
11. Additional Notices & Contact Details
Last updated: May 21, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how Descope Inc. and its affiliated companies (collectively, “
Descope
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) collects, stores, uses and discloses the following categories of personal data:
User Data
which relates to focal persons at our business customers, who directly engage with Descope concerning their organizational account, and users of the Descope User Management and Authentication platform (“
Platform
”) on behalf of such customers - e.g., the account administrators and users, billing contacts and authorized signatories on behalf of the customer (collectively, “
Users
”); as well as the customer’s business needs and preferences, as identified to us or recognized through our engagement with them;
Prospect Data
relating to visitors of our website, participants at our events, and any other prospective customer, user or partner (collectively, “
Prospects
”) who visits or otherwise interacts with our website, online ads and content, emails, integrations or communications under our control (the “
Sites
”, and collectively with the Platform, the “
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply where we process personal data on behalf of our customers in our role as a data processor (e.g., our customers’ end-users).
Specifically, this Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding:
Data Collection & Processing
Data Uses
Data Location and International Data Transfers
Data Retention
Data Disclosure
Cookies and Data Collection Technologies
Communications
Data Security
Data Subject Rights
Data Controller/Processor
Additional Notice & Contact Details
If you are a
User
or a
Prospect
, please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you fully understand it.
You are not legally required to provide us with any personal data. If you do not wish to provide us with your personal data, or to have it processed by us or any of our service providers (as described below), please do not provide it to us and avoid any interaction with us or with our Services.
1. Data Collection & Processing
When we use the term “
personal data
” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual. It does not include aggregated or deidentified information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual.
Sometimes we collect personal data automatically when an individual interacts with our Services and sometimes, we collect personal data directly from an individual. At times, we may collect personal data about an individual from other sources and third parties (such as our customers and service providers), even before our first direct interaction.
We may collect or generate the following types of personal data about Users and Prospects through the Services:
Usage, login credentials, and device information
concerning Users and Prospects as they interact with our Services (connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data, such as user agent, IP addresses and approximate location based upon such IP addresses, device data (like type, OS, device id, browser version, locale and language settings used), activity logs, session recordings, log-in credentials to the Services, the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on their device, and inferred or presumed data on generated from their use of the Services);
Contact information concerning our Users and Prospects
(contact and business details such as name, email, phone number, position, workplace and related business insights, our communications with such individuals, feedback received, contractual and billing details, as well as any expressed, presumed or identified needs, preferences, attributes and insights relevant to our potential or existing engagement).
For the purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), in the past twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity Information; and Geolocation Information. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information as defined in the CCPA.
2. Data Uses
We use personal data as necessary for the performance of our Services (“
Performance of Contract
”); to comply with our legal obligations (“
Legal Obligation
”); and to support our legitimate interests in maintaining and improving our Services, e.g. in understanding how our Services are used and how our campaigns are performing, and gaining insights which help us dedicate our resources and efforts more efficiently; in marketing, advertising and selling our Services; providing customer service and technical support; and protecting and securing our customers, Users, Prospects, ourselves and our Services (“
Legitimate Interests
”).
If you reside or are using the Services in a territory governed by privacy laws under which “consent” is the only or most appropriate legal basis for the processing of personal data as described herein (in general, or specifically with respect to the types of personal data you expect or elect to process or have processed by us or via the Services, or due to nature of such processing) (“
Consent
”), your acceptance of our
Terms and Conditions
and this Privacy Policy will be deemed as your consent to the processing of your personal data for all purposes detailed in this Policy, unless applicable law requires a different form of consent. If you wish to revoke such consent, please contact us at
privacy[at]descope.com
.
Specifically, we use personal data for the following purposes (and in reliance on the legal bases for processing noted next to them, as appropriate):
User personal data
To facilitate, operate, enhance, and provide our Services (
Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests
);
To provide our Users with assistance and support, to test and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems, and to train our customers’ staff (
Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests
);
To personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services, and to provide further localization and personalization capabilities (
Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests
);
To facilitate and optimize our marketing campaigns, ad management and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our products and services more effectively, including on other websites and applications. Such activities allow us to highlight the benefits of using our Services, and thereby are intended to increase your engagement and overall satisfaction with our Services. This includes contextual, behavioral and interests-based advertising based on your activity, preferences or other data available to us or to our business partners (
Legitimate Interests; Consent
);
To facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events, contests and promotions (
Legitimate Interests
);
User and Prospect personal data
To gain a better understanding on how individuals use and interact with our Services, which content and data they have processed through our Services, and how we could improve their and others’ user experience and the value they can generate from using the Services, so we could continue improving our products, offerings and the overall performance of our Services (
Legitimate Interests
);
To contact our Users and Prospects with general or personalized service-related messages, as well as promotional messages that may be of specific interest to them (
Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests; Consent
);
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating the risks of fraud, error or any illegal, criminal or prohibited activity (
Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests; Legal Obligation
);
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data, or anonymized or pseudonymized data (rendered non-personal and non-identifiable), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services, or for any other purpose (
Legitimate Interests
);
To enforce our Terms and Conditions (https://descope.com/terms), to resolve disputes, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties (
Legitimate Interests
);
To comply with our contractual and legal obligations and requirements, and maintain our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards (
Performance of Contract; Legitimate Interests; Legal Obligation
); and
For any other lawful purpose, or other purpose that you consent to (
Legal Obligation; Consent
).
3. Data Location and International Data Transfers
We and our authorized Service Providers (defined below) maintain, store and process personal data in the United States of America, Europe, Israel and other locations, as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and delivery of our Services, or as may be required by law.
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Descope is committed to protect personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and customary industry standards, and such appropriate lawful mechanisms and contractual terms requiring adequate data protection, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in the jurisdiction to which such data is transferred.
Descope Inc. is headquartered in the United States, and for data transfers from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK to countries which are not considered by the European Commission, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), and the UK Secretary of State to be offering an adequate level of data protection, we and the relevant data exporters and importers have entered into Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission, FDPIC and UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can obtain a copy by contacting us as indicated in
Section ‎11
below.
Data Privacy Framework
Descope Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and will be further liable in cases of onward transfers of your personal data to third parties (including our Service Providers).
Descope Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”), with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Descope Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) regarding the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, such Principles shall govern for personal data transferred under the DPF. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
4. Data Retention
We retain personal data for as long as we deem it as reasonably necessary in order to maintain and expand our relationship and provide you with our Services and offerings; in order to comply with our legal and contractual obligations; or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (i.e. as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, records and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), all in accordance with our data retention policy.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and the applicable legal requirements.
If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@descope.com.
5. Data Disclosure
We disclose personal data in the following ways:
Service Providers
: We may engage selected third-party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf or complementary to our own. Such service providers include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data security services, billing and payment processing services, fraud detection and prevention services, web and product analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, remote access services, analysis services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, social and advertising networks, content and data enrichment providers, e-mail, voicemails, support, enablement and customer relation management systems, and our legal, financial and compliance advisors (collectively, “
Service Providers
“). Our Service Providers may have access to personal data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use the data as determined in our agreements with them.
Event Sponsors
: If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our Sites related to such an event, webinar or other activity involving third-party sponsors or presenters, we may share your personal data with them. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your personal data will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your personal data to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with
Section
‎
9
below.
Business Customers
: Our customers have access to any personal data we process on their behalf in our capacity as a “processor” or “service provider”, as further explained in
Section 10
below.
Legal Compliance
: We may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: (a) we are legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or (c) such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or integrity of our products and services.
Protecting Rights and Safety
: We may share personal data with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Descope, any of our Users or customers, or any members of the general public.
Descope Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
: We may share personal data internally within our group, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Descope or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates undergo any change in control or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all or part of its assets, personal data may be shared with or transferred to the parties involved in such an event. We may disclose personal data to a third-party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. Person al data may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
For the avoidance of doubt, Descope may share personal data in additional manners, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal, non-identifiable and anonymous.
For the purposes of the CCPA, in the past twelve (12) months, we may have disclosed Identifiers; Commercial Information; Internet or other Electronic Network Activity Information; and Geolocation Information to the third parties listed above.
6. Cookies and Data Collection Technologies
We and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies for performance, tracking, analytics and personalization purposes. We may share non-identifiable / aggregated extracts of such information with our partners for our legitimate business purposes.
Cookies are packets of information sent to your web browser and then sent back by the browser each time it accesses the server that sent the cookie. Some cookies are removed when you close your browser session. These are the “Session Cookies”. Some last for longer periods and are called “Persistent Cookies”. We use both types.
We use Persistent Cookies to remember your log-in details and make it easier for you to log-in the next time you access the Platform. We may use this type of cookies and Session Cookies for additional purposes, to facilitate the use of the Services’ features and tools. We may also use HTML5 local storage or other techniques for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
Whilst we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser or mobile application, you can manage your cookies preferences, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them, through your browser settings. Please bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent you from using the Services.
We also use web analytics tools, including Google Analytics. These tools help us understand Users’ behavior on our Services, including by tracking page content, and click/touch, movements, scrolls and keystroke activities. Further information about the privacy practices of our analytics service providers is available at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Further information about your option to opt-out of these analytics services is available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may also clear the opt-out cookies installed once you opt-out, so an additional opt-out will be necessary to prevent additional tracking.
For more information on our cookie and data collection technologies practices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
7. Communications
We engage in service and promotional communications, through e-mail, phone, SMS and notifications.
Service Communications
: We may contact you with important information regarding our Services. For example, we may send you notifications (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to our Services, billing issues, log-in attempts or password reset notices, etc. If you are registered as a User to our Services, you can typically control your communications and notifications settings from your profile settings, or otherwise in accordance with the instructions included in the communications sent to you. Please note that you will not be able to opt out of receiving certain service communications which are integral to your use (e.g., one-time auth tokens or billing notices).
Promotional Communications
: We may also notify you about new features, additional offerings, events, special opportunities or any other information we think you will find valuable, as our User or Prospect. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g., phone, mobile or e-mail), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms.
If you do not wish to receive such promotional communications, you may notify Descope at any time by sending an e-mail to: privacy@descope.com, changing your communications preferences in your profile settings whilst being logged as a User to our Services, or by following the “unsubscribe”, “stop”, “opt-out” or “change e-mail preferences” instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive.
8. Data Security
We implement systems, applications and procedures intended to secure your personal data, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. However, we cannot guarantee that our Sites or Services will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
9. Data Subject Rights
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data. Please contact us through our DSR portal at:
https://prighter.com/cc/descope
if you wish to exercise your privacy rights under any applicable law, including the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“
FADP”
) or the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), such as – to the extent applicable – the right to know/request access to (specific pieces of personal data collected; categories of personal data collected; categories of sources from whom the personal data was collected; purpose of collecting personal data; categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal data), to request rectification or erasure of your personal data held with Descope, or to restrict or object to such personal data’s processing (including the right to direct us not to sell your personal data to third parties now or in the future), or to port such personal data, or the right to equal services and prices (e.g. freedom from discrimination) (each to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you). If you are a GDPR-protected individual, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority in the EU or the UK, as applicable.
Please note that when you ask us to exercise any of your rights under this policy or applicable law, we may need to ask you to provide us certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim you are, to avoid disclosure to you of personal data related to others and to ask you to provide further information to better understand the nature and scope of data that you request to access. Such additional data will be then retained by us for legal purposes (e.g., as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request).
We may redact from the data which we will make available to you, any personal data related to others.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and the UK Extension of the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. EEA, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our DPF compliance should submit inquiries to
privacy[at]descope.com
. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, Descope Inc. has further committed to cooperate with EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner Office (UK ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) to independently address complaints that we have been unable to resolve.
Subject to certain conditions (as described under the DPF Principles that Descope adheres to), you may invoke binding arbitration by delivering a notice to us via
privacy[at]descope.com
. Descope Inc. is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
10. Data Controller/Processor
Certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU GDPR, UK GDPR and the CCPA, typically distinguish between two main roles for parties processing personal data: the “data controller” (or under the CCPA, “business”), who determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “data processor” (or under the CCPA, “service provider”), who processes the data on behalf of the data controller (or business). Below we explain how these roles apply to our Services, to the extent that such laws and regulations apply.
Descope is the “data controller” of User and Prospect Data. With respect to such data, we assume the responsibilities of data controller (solely to the extent applicable under law), as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In such instances, our Service Providers processing such data will assume the role of “data processor”.
Descope is the “data processor” of its customers’ end-users’ personal data, which we process on behalf of our customer (who is the “data controller” of such data), strictly in accordance with their reasonable instructions subject to our data processing addendum and other commercial agreements with such customer.
Our customers are solely responsible for determining whether and how they wish to use our Services, and for ensuring that all individuals using the Services on the customer’s behalf or at their request, as well as all individuals whose personal data may be processed by or on behalf of the customer through the Services, have been provided with adequate notice and given informed consent to the processing of their personal data, where such consent is necessary or advised, and that all legal requirements applicable to the collection, use or other processing of data through our Services are fully met by the customer, including specifically in the context of an employment relationship. Our customers are also responsible for handling data subject rights requests under applicable law, by their Users and other individuals whose data they process through the Services.
11. Additional Notices & Contact Details
Updates and Amendments
: We may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our Services. The amended version will be effective as of the date it is published. We will provide prior notice if we believe any substantial changes are involved via any of the communication means available to us or via the Services. After such notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you.
California Requirements
: This policy describes the categories of personal information we may collect and the sources of such information (
Section
‎
1
), and our retention (
Section
‎
4
) and deletion (
Section
‎
9
) practices. We also included information about how we may process your information (in
Sections
‎
2 through
‎
7
), which includes for “business purposes” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We do not sell your personal information for the intents and purposes of CCPA. We may disclose personal data to third parties or allow them to collect personal data from our Services as described in
Section ‎5
above, if those third parties are authorized Service Providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to, for example, their retention, use, and disclosure of such personal data, or if you integrate the services of third parties with our Services, or direct us to disclose your personal data to third parties, or as otherwise described in
Section 5
above.
If you have any questions or would like to exercise your rights under the CCPA, you can contact us at
privacy[at]descope.com
.
External Links
: While our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to pay attention when you leave our Services for the website or application of such third parties, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website and service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services.
Children
: Our Services are not designed to attract children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a person under the age of 16 is using the Services, we will attempt to prohibit and block such use and will make our best efforts to promptly delete any personal data stored with us with regard to such a child. If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy[at]descope.com
.
Representative:
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter Group with its local partners as our privacy representative and your point of contact for the following regions:
European Union (EU)
Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative, Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit the following website:
https://prighter.com/cc/descope
Contacting Us
: If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you have any concerns regarding your personal data held with us, please contact Descope’s support at privacy@descope.com.
Sub-policy 2
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 4
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;