Privacy Policy
Welcome to Secret / SecretMe (Herein "Secret"). This policy describes how Secret ("we", "us" or "Secret") collect, use, and share your information when you use Secret mobile application or its website ("Service"). By using our service, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Who We Are
Secret / SecretMe app and website are developed and operated by MeetYou Network LTD, a company dedicated to providing global social and dating services. WE DO NOT SELL ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
Our Age Policy
You must be at least 18 years old to use the Secret app. Secret does not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors, or anyone under the age of 18. If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person's registration.
Information We Collect
1. Information provided by yourself. This may include your username, age, gender, sexual orientation, email address, Google or Apple account, photos, videos, location, bio, height, race, body shape, body type, occupation, horoscope, whether you have children, religion, whether you smoke, whether you drink alcohol, interests, chat messages (text, audio or photos), public posts (text, photos), reasons for deletion, etc. Once registered, you will be able to review and change your information at any time by visiting the Edit Profile page. You can also log in to the Secret app at any time to correct or update your information (except that your email address and nickname need to be changed by contacting us). If you contact our support team using the email address webmaster@secretmeetapp.com or the feedback option in the Secret dating app, we collect your email address and the content of the email/feedback you send us to help resolve your query. We will keep a record of our correspondence with you, including any complaints we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).
We do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant message details, phone numbers, full names or addresses, credit card or other financial details, national ID numbers, driver's license details or other sensitive information on your profile or chat messages as such information can be abused and misused.
While you may voluntarily provide us with sensitive information about yourself, such as your race, personal interests, religion, or other sensitive information, we do not require you to do so. Photos you post may also reveal more details about yourself or your location. You should be cautious and review any photos you choose to post. If you choose to post sensitive personal information about yourself, the information you share is at your own risk.
2. Information we collected automatically: When you use the Secret dating app, we automatically collect and store certain information about your mobile device, location, and your activities within the app. This information includes device type (model and manufacturer), operating system and version number, application version number, IP address, and the date and time you accessed our Services.
We may also include your GPS location (if you allow location services) and/or location data derived from your IP address, such as zip code, city, state and country.
If you purchase a subscription or product within the Secret Dating app , we will keep a record of the product you purchased, the quantity purchased, the price of the product, the date and time of purchase, and the expiration time of the purchase (if applicable). Apple will provide us with a unique transaction ID, subscription status, payment status, and reason for cancellation (if applicable). Google will provide us with a unique order ID, subscription status, payment status, and reason for unsubscription (if applicable). Neither Apple nor Google will provide us with any personal information from your Apple iTunes or Google Play account.
When you use the Secret dating app, we also collect data about your actions within the app. This data may include the date, time and location you opened the app, what you liked or disliked, whether you read or deleted any messages, any changes made to your profile or account settings, and the date and time you deactivated your account.
3. Cookies and Use of Cookie Data: When you access our services, we may assign one or more cookies to your device to facilitate your access to our services and personalize your experience. Through the use of cookies, we may also automatically collect information about your activities on our Services, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit and the links you click. If we advertise, we (or a third party) may use some of the data collected on our Services to show you advertisements on other websites or applications.
4. Data collected by third parties through third-party links: On our website, we include links to other websites and other content from third-party businesses. These third-party businesses may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to collect information about you. We have no access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technologies that these third parties may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third-party websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the various websites you visit.
How We Use the Information We Collect
1. How we use personal information: We may use your email address and your other personal information to help us operate the service efficiently, contact you about your membership and other activities on the application (including but not limited to confirmation emails or important news that may affect your relationship with our application), and forward messages from other Secret users to you. To add certain content, such as pictures or videos, you can allow us to access your camera or photo roll. If you agree, the picture or video you choose will be shared with users of the Secret app and may be shared on the official Secret website, Secret social accounts, App Store pages and Google Play pages. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. These types of communications are referred to as "operational communications". In order to operate the Services, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so that they can provide us with support services, such as credit card transaction authorization, email sending, receipt or support services and customer relationship management services. We request that these entities not use your information for any other purpose. In addition, any third parties with whom we have permission to share your personal information are authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we shall not be liable for any actions or omissions thereof. Those who contact you need to be instructed directly by you about your preferences regarding their use of your personal information. Please read the information below under the heading "Special Situations in which We Share Personal and Financial Information" to learn more about the ways we may share your personal information.
2. How we use financial information: If you choose to purchase any of our premium services, we will process your payment details and store them in a secure manner to prevent fraud and for audit and tax purposes.
3. Location information and services: This service includes location-based services and functions. These features are used to connect you with other users based on your geographic location and to provide other services to personalize your experience. To enable these functions, we collect your location data, including but not limited to GPS data, WiFi data and cell tower data.
4. Special circumstances in which we share personal and financial information: Your personal information, certified financial information, or financial information may be passed on to third parties in the event of ownership or asset transfer, bankruptcy, or compliance with the law, or to protect the interests or safety of Secret or other visitors to this site.
5. How We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information: We may review all of your demographic information. We may use public information to allow other users to determine whether they are a match with you and to communicate with you. We may use demographic information to tailor the Services and meet your interests. We may also share demographic information with advertisers on an anonymous and aggregated basis (i.e., without telling the advertisers who you are). One of the reasons we do this is to increase the likelihood that Advertisers' goods and services will appeal to Secret users so that we can target specific advertisements to certain demographic groups. The demographic information we share with advertisers is anonymous (i.e., we do not tell advertisers which specific Secret users are members of which demographic groups) and is subject to the remainder of this Privacy Policy. However, when you respond to an advertisement, we ask that you bear in mind that if the advertisement is directed to a certain demographic group and you decide to provide the advertiser with your personal information, the advertiser may be able to identify you as a member of that demographic group.
With Whom We Share Your Information
1. Disclosure to Your Matches: As an integral part of providing the Secret service, we will disclose your profile information to your matches. Photos and other profile information posted by you will be available to subscribers that are matched with you. We may also make features available enabling your matches to share your profile information, including photos, with members of their social network(s). We never share your contact information with your matches.
2.Disclosure By Law: You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); protect or defend Secret's, or a third party's, rights or property; or protect someone's health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.
3.Disclosure to Protect Abuse Victims: Notwithstanding any other provision of this privacy statement or our Terms of Service, we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information that you submit to the Services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason to suspect, that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in any form. Abuse may include, without limitation, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Information may be disclosed to authorities that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure. Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we are permitted to make such disclosure.
4.Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties by Us: We may share your non-PII with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your identity. We may share your PII, sometimes in conjunction with your non-PII, with service providers that may be associated with us to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize. In addition, from time to time, we may share PII (such as e-mail or mailing address) about our user base with carefully selected third parties, so they can offer goods and services that we believe may be of interest to our users. If you do not wish to receive offers from our trusted partners, you can change your e-mail preferences at any time.
5.Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties at Your Request: When purchasing an Secret subscription or while visiting our Services, we may provide you with advertisements, promotions and offers from third party providers. If you choose to accept any such offers, you may either (depending on the situation) directly provide your information in connection with the offer to such third party provider, or we will provide your information, including billing information, to the third party provider by pre-populating the offer registration forms. Your information will not be transferred until you actually accept the offer. You may opt-out of the offer at any time up until this point. Please refer to the third party provider's own privacy policy (provided on the offer pages) if you have any questions regarding how your information is used by such providers. Please be aware that these offers may be presented on pages framed by a Secret Service. We do this to provide a seamless experience. Although these offer pages have the look and feel of our websites, you will be submitting your information directly to the third-party advertiser. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings, including the sharing of the information you supply to us with third party providers described here, or as the result of the presence of such providers on a Secret Service.
Disclosure for Accounts Payable or Collections
You are responsible for ensuring that your account remains in good standing with us. If you have an outstanding balance, or if for any reason you dispute payment to us by credit card or financial institution, please be aware that all information collected from your activity on our site may be disclosed to banks and/or collection agencies we work with in order to establish proof of user identity, proof of usage, proof of service provided and/or to collect any outstanding debt owed to us.
How You Can Access Your Information
We give you the opportunity to modify personal information or demographic information you have provided to us at any time. Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect on the public areas of the Secret Service. We thank you for your patience. Please note that changing or deleting your information, will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of future activities on the Services and for managing future communications from Secret.
These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails, messages or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Secret takes reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized access or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal data, but ultimately, we cannot guarantee our ability to prevent any such problems. If we suspect or detect any breach of security, we may suspend your use of all or part of the Services without prior notice. If you feel that your account or personal data is no longer secure, please contact us immediately via mail webmaster@secretmeetapp.com or the feedback option in the Secret dating app.
Information You Provide about Yourself While Using Our Service
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information.
Account Deletion and Data Retention
When you delete your account on Secret, your profile is removed from distribution, which include Discover, Likes You, and Match screens. This means anyone you are matched with will no longer have access to your profile or conversation. If you were not our premium member, we delete all of your personal data from our database within 30 days of deleting your account, except as provided in the paragraph below, and unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example, for regulatory purposes). If you were our premium member, we delete all of your personal data from our database within 2 years of deleting your account in case there is any dispute on payment issue, except as provided in the paragraph below, and unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example, for regulatory purposes). We may retain anonymous data that allows us to improve our Service by refining our recommendation algorithm, developing new features, and financial reporting. When we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. If you violate our Terms of Service, we keep your IP address in order to maintain a blacklist for up to 1 year. If there is an ongoing issue, claim or dispute we will keep the personal data until the matter is resolved and other information that we maintain for legitimate business interests for a period of 1 year. Please note that just deleting the app from your phone does NOT delete your account, as we have no way of knowing that you did this. To delete your account, you must do this from “Settings” within the app. Please remember that even though our systems are designed to comply with the above retention periods, we cannot promise that 100% of the data will always be deleted within these timeframes due to technical constraints.
California and European Residents
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. In accordance with California "Shine the Light" law ( Civil Code Section 1798.83), we do not disclose personal information to third parties for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
If you are a resident of the European Union, the GDPR will give you additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to add to, change, update or modify this policy at any time by posting such changes, updates or modifications on the Secret service without any other notice to you. Any such changes, updates or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting on the Service. If any changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will reflect the "Effective Date" date below. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree to all of its terms.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to the Secret Services, please feel free to contact us at webmaster@secretmeetapp.com.
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy was last updated July 10th, 2023.