You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
The QRTAs respects your privacy and has accordingly formulated a privacy policy, in compliance with the applicable laws (the “Privacy Policy”). Privacy Policy of this app/platform is associated with the Privacy Policy of the respective QRTAs, and it confirms to the respective QRTAs commitment to privacy and demonstrates the ways we ensure that data privacy is protected by offering you an effective, safe and secure online experience in compliance with Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedure and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and The Aadhaar Act, 2016.
QRTAs Privacy Policy applies to the Sensitive Personal Data or Information (“SPDI”) of all our Customers / Investors and Clients that is in our possession and control. We request Investors / Clients / Customers to kindly read this Policy on Privacy carefully.
QRTAs either directly or through third party service providers collects, receives, possesses, stores, deals, or handles information received from investors, client, customers whether existing or prospective in order to provide RTA Services, and do not use such information for any other purpose except as set out herein, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.
The information can be personal and sensitive in nature as given below in the indicative list:
Bank Account details, change of bank account details or registration of multiple bank accounts etc. through forms;
Payment instrument details at the time of submitting forms at the time of investment or as proof for carrying out change of bank account or any other details of debit card obtained (if any);
Biometric information obtained, if any;
Demat account details like beneficiary account no. etc.
Annual Income and savings profile; and;
Other information as may be considered as sensitive and personal.
The aforesaid information is being collected by QRTAs or third-party service providers to service you better and to be in complaint with Know Your Client (“KYC”) norms under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act 2001, (“PMLA”), the rules issued thereunder, and guidelines and circular on Anti-Money Laundering issued by SEBI and allied SEBI related Regulations, as amended till date.
You hereby agree that you may be requested to provide your express consent by clicking on the ‘I ACCEPT’ button at the time of submission of your Personal Information on this application, to collect, process, store, share and purge the information submitted by you, failing which you will be unable to avail the Services offered on the application.
This Privacy Policy covers the below mentioned topics:
How is Personal Information collected?
How is Personal Information used?
Sharing of Personal Information;
How access to Customer Information is limited to employees?
Information Security;
Data Retention & Erasure;
Incident Management.
How is Personal Information Collected ?
The Personal Information that you share with us would be entitled to privacy and kept strictly confidential. The Personal Information along with all supporting documents submitted by you shall be used for the limited purpose: Personal Information is collected online through our website and mobile app/platforms.We gather information that you provide to us when you:
Purchase products or services through AMCs / Brokers or directly approaching QRTA’s Investor Service Centres (“ISCs”) to avail the services;
Make an inquiry, provide feedback, submit correspondence, or make a complaint over the phone, by email, on our website or by post;
Register for, and update an online account with us;
Enter into a separate Agreement/contract/understanding with us;
Certain information and/or data may be automatically collected through the use of ‘cookies’.
How Personal information is Used ?
QRTAs use information to comply with laws, guidelines and regulations that govern the financial services in the country in order to detect, prevent illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of clients. QRTAs may use the information shared by Clients regarding the products and services to enhance the service-related improvements. Reports are generated to protect and defend the rights, interests of Clients products and services.
We also monitor Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser supplied information and site session information may be recorded as part of the normal operations and for security monitoring purposes.
Some of our products and services collect information about system and product data. We use this information to manage and administer our products and services, to issue updates and new versions, testing and monitoring services that we provide, enhancing our products and services, and improving and targeting our communications with you.
Sharing of Personal Information:
QRTAs shall reveal only such information to external authorities to comply with applicable laws including cyber laws, based on relevance to comply with applicable laws and to third party service providers such as distributors, banks, sub-brokers, call centers, custodians, depositories to ensure smooth functioning of the activities.
Access to customer information is limited to employees and Third Parties :
QRTAs limits access to personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) to those employees with a business reason for knowing such information about investors. We regularly educate our employees on their responsibility to protect the confidentiality of investors’ information. We ensure to enter into suitable terms with third party service providers to protect client confidentiality and accordingly execute Non-Disclosure Agreement (“NDA”) with them.
Every person who has or is provided with an access to such data, undergoes periodical training with regards data handling, data protection and is also informed about all the consequences in case of any violation privacy terms.
Information Security :
To protect Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, QRTAs use security measures and controls that comply with applicable laws and regulations and is a certified ISO 27001 ISMS Company. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of their third-party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure.We have adopted all the suitable measures to diagnose any problems with its server and to administer the application including by blocking certain addresses that it feels are inappropriately using its application. In the event of any breach or attempted breach by any third party, in compliance with the applicable information technology laws, it will try to rectify the problems as soon as possible.
Data Retention & Erasure :
We ensure that we meet the ‘data minimization’ and ‘storage limitation’ principles and that personal information is stored, archived, and destroyed compliantly and ethically. We have dedicated erasure procedures in place to meet the new ‘Right to Erasure’ obligation and are aware of when this and other data subject’s rights apply, along with any exemptions, response timeframes and notification responsibilities. QRTAs may retain the data as may be provided by the client till such time as may be provided under the law and as required to efficiently provide service to the clients.
Any data destroyed shall be disposed of in a manner that protects the privacy of the Personal Information received by us from the user in an appropriate manner as per the industry standard practices and norms.
Incident Management :
Our Incident Reporting procedures ensure that we have safeguards and controls in place to identify, assess, investigate, and report any personal data breach at the earliest possibility. Our procedures are robust and have been disseminated to all employees, who are aware of the reporting lines and steps to follow.
Liability :
QRTAs shall in no manner be liable for any violation of data, if the data,
a) is in public domain; or
b) is a result of any illegal and unlawful misuse;
Public Data :
Data that is available in public domain shall not be governed by this Policy. QRTAs shall not be responsible in any manner of whatsoever nature for any violation or misuse of such Public Data.
Changes to this Policy
QRTAs reserves the right to change this Policy at any time by revising it. This privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. By accessing QRTAs website, you acknowledge and fully understand QRTAs Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.
Link to other sites
For your convenience, this page may contain certain hyperlinks to other sites/Platform.. While we try to link only to sites/Platform that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites/Platform. We recommend that you check the policy of each site/Platform you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
Consent
By accessing this web site and any of its pages you are agreeing to the Privacy Policy. Clients shall not be covered by this Policy, if they access other websites using links from our website.
Grievance Redressal
If Clients / Customer / Investors have any concerns relating to their personal and sensitive information they may be addressed to
privacy@camsonline.com
or
privacy@kfintech.com
.