Trading Tracker
Get started
Open main menu
Home
Features
Reviews
Changelog
New
Trading Tracker v3.0 is out! See what's new
Your ultimate trading journal
Supercharge your trading to the next level by knowing your strategy and metrics. Increase your profits by tracking everything you need to know.
Download for Free
"
Love this program! Very well laid out and it’s simple to use. Had some bugs on my end, but the developer was quick to respond and get it fixed. He always walked me through how the app works in the background to come to its totals. Definitely use it!
"
"
Great for tracking trades and recording P/L on a regular basis. Shows your performance and you are able to add notes to reflect on your trades. Very well put together app.
"
"
I’ve been looking for a testing journal app and enjoy the design this one has well as the widget functions. The developer was also quick to respond to any inquiries and critiques
"
"
Better then any other trade journal app. Intuitive and straight to the point. A lot of brokers on here. Better then other platforms at this price
"
Features
Trading Tracker provides you with advanced features for tracking.
Profit
Strategy
Journal
Your questions, answered
Answers to the most frequently asked questions.
Is Trading Tracker a good app for me?
Trading Tracker caters to all kinds of traders. If you're trading stocks, options, futures or forex, Trading Tracker has you covered.
Is Trading Tracker free?
Yes, the app is free to use. However, to fully capitalize on Trading Tracker's features, there is also a Pro plan for even more advanced tracking.
Can I cancel my subscription anytime?
Of course you can. To cancel your subscription, just navigate to Settings on your phone, then click on your iCloud account > Subscriptions and cancel it here.
Is there a free trial available for Pro subscription?
Yes, you can use Trading Tracker for free for 7 days and then decide whether you want to use all features of the app.
Why should I purchase Trading Tracker Pro subscription?
With Pro subscription, you can use the most advanced algorithms which take care of calculating your metrics. You can also use automatic import feature. Pro subscription also provides some advanced metrics which are crucial for understanding a profitability of your trading strategy.