Alti-Barometer Pro Privacy Policy
User's guide
At bog bridges, we are strong advocates of data privacy and security.
The Alti-Barometer Pro app uses Apple’s highly secure iCloud infrastructure for all cloud-based data storage.
The Alti-Barometer Pro app does not ask for, collect, or store any PII (personally identifiable information) with the sole exception of user location data.
Location data is needed to provide useful location information in saved logs via the apps CSV file export capabilities and in the daily snapshots via the history feature, and to be able to see approximate locations of other users’ barometric pressure readings on the crowd-sourced BaroMap feature.
Data stored via CSV file export and daily history functionality is stored in the user’s private iCloud storage and is exclusively under the user’s control. Neither the app developer (Bog Bridges) nor other users have access to this private user data.
Data used for the BaroMap functionality is stored in the app’s public iCloud database. This allows every user to see other users’ barometric pressure readings via the app’s access to the shared data in this database.
The data stored in the app’s BaroMap database is anonymous and does not include, ask for, or have access to user names, addresses, email, or similar personally identifiable information. The user location data stored for each user in this database is an anonymized approximation of a user’s location. Multiple miles of accuracy are permanently removed from location data in this database before it is stored. Barometric pressure does not tend to vary over relatively short distances, so the app's location anonymization allows providing useful location-based barometric pressure information without revealing or storing exact user locations.
The app provides data management capabilities to allow users to download or permanently delete their BaroMap data or their daily snapshot history data. Files are downloaded as human-readable CSV files into the
app's
Altitude-Barometer Pro folder in the user's
private iCloud Drive. CSV files for CSV file export and auto-save CSV functionality are also stored in
the users
private iCloud Drive
which is under the user’s exclusive control.
​
If you have additional questions or require more information about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through email at
info@bogbridges.com
​
Consent
​
By using the Alti-Barometer app, you hereby consent to this Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
​