Home
/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Privacy of personal information and protection of personal data is very important to us for all our valued customers. At Key Tours, we recognize that earning your trust is one of the most important things we do as a business. We have your trust since 1963 and we would like to continue so! We respect and protect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with our company. Below, we explain how we process and protect your personal data, how we use your information and how we protect your privacy. Any information which is provided by you to Key Tours will be treated in accordance with the terms of the EU 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDP), Data Protection Acts, Ν. 2472/1997 and Π.Δ. 207/1998 and 79/2000 art. 8 of Ν. 2819/2000 (Greek government) as well as the European Union directive 95/46/EU and 97/66/EU and/or such amending or replacement legislation as may be adopted in Greece from time to time.
Details of the Personal Data Controller, his representative and the Data Protection Officer
Controller:
Full Name: Dimitris Bistolas
Address: Athanasiou Diakou 26, Athina, 117 43, Greece
Telephone: (+30) 2109233166
E-mail:
dbistolas@keytours.gr
Representative :
Full name: Dimitris Bistolas
Address: Athanasiou Diakou 26, Athina, 117 43, Greece
Telephone: Fax (+30) 2109233166
E-mail:
dbistolas@keytours.gr
Data Protection Officer:
Full name: Dimitris Bistolas
Address: Athanasiou Diakou 26, Athina, 117 43, Greece
Telephone – Fax: Fax (+30) 2109233166
E-mail:
dbistolas@keytours.gr
PRIVACY, CONFIDENTIALITY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
In KEY TOURS we respect the personal data of our clients, partners and employees. In the text that follows, we describe, in a simple and clear way, how we process your personal data which we either collect from you or you give to us. Please read carefully the following information (hereinafter: "Declaration") in order to get informed about the way that we collect, store, use, transfer and protect the personal data we receive from you:
In General:
1. KEY TOURS collects and stores only and exclusively the personal data that you notify via insertion of the obligatory personal information in the relevant fields or/and via your answers within the framework of specific actions conducted by KEY TOURS. You may participate voluntarily and the requested data are only the ones necessary for the company's proper operation.
2. In view of our obligation to safeguard and protect its members' and subscribers' data, KEY TOURS is bound to protect and use properly such data (hereinafter "personal data") that are being collected through its Sites. During the process of your registration as user and subscriber to our Newsletter, we collect and process part or all the following personal data: Name – Surname, Gender, Age, Place of Birth, Place of Residence, Family Status, Studies, Professional Experience.
3. KEY TOURS collects only the personal data that are offered voluntarily by you in order to serve you in the best possible way. When additional, optional data are requested, you will be informed accordingly at the time of their collection.
More specifically:
A. Collection and purposes of processing of your personal data
Collection of your personal data takes place only if you choose voluntarily to provide them – for example, in case you register to our Sites or our newsletter. Our ability to effectively communicate with you is necessary in order to obtain your written consent and continue sending you our Newsletter. Consequently, it is necessary, during your registration, to provide us with the true personal data that will be requested of you. During your registration in the services offered via our Sites, you consent also to the storing and use of your personal data, in accordance to this Declaration. We are allowed to process your personal data, in order to offer personalized services, pursuant to law and according to our contractual obligations to you and the legitimate interests of our company (articles 6, lit. 1c, lit. 1b and lit. 1f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679). Your personal data are not used for purposes other than the ones described in this Declaration, unless we receive your prior consent, or if such use is obligatory or permissible by law.
Purpose of the collection, use and process of your personal data is (a) the offering of the services that you request through our Sites, for of receipt of which is required your data's use or/and process (e.g. sending newsletter to your email), (b) your best update and facilitation in your browsing, through listing of your personal preferences in your profile.
B. Your rights regarding the processing of your personal data
The personal data that you make known to KEY TOURS through its Sites, either during your registration or at a later stage, are collected and used in accordance with the legislation in place, relating to the protection of personal data; more specifically, in accordance with the new European General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 as well as the rest of the applicable legislation on personal data protection. More specifically, you have the following rights:
• Right to be informed about your personal data: Following a relevant request from your end, we will provide you with information regarding the personal data we have of you.
• Right to rectification of your personal data: If you notify us accordingly, we will rectify any inaccurate personal data relevant to you. We will complete incomplete data since you inform us respectively, subject that this is necessary for the purposes of your data process.
• Right to erasure of your personal data: Following your relevant request, we will erase the personal data that we have of you. However, some data will only be erased following a specific detention period, for example, in some instances we are obliged by law to preserve the data or because such data are required for the completion of our contractual obligations towards you.
• Right to revoke your consent: You may, at any time, revoke your consent for process of your personal data in the future. The legality of processing your data prior to this point will not be affected by this.
• Right to object against the processing of your data: You may, at any time, object against the processing of your personal data, for the future. If you object, we will stop processing your data, unless there are legitimate grounds for their further processing. Processing of your data for marketing reasons does not constitute a legitimate ground.
• Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
• Right to ask for the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you exercise one of these rights, we will take all reasonable steps to satisfy your request within a reasonable time and at most within one (1) month from the submission of your request. We will inform you in writing about the course of your request, or the reasons why they may impede the exercise of the right in question, and / or the satisfaction of one or more of your rights, in accordance with the GDPR. Please note that in some cases it may not be possible to meet your relevant requests, such as when the fulfillment of the right is contrary to a legal obligation or impedes a contractual legal basis for processing your data.
However, if you believe that a right or a legal obligation of our Company regarding the protection of your Personal Data is violated, and having previously contacted the Data Protection Officer of our Company (DPO) for the matter, you have exercised your rights to the Company and or you did not receive a response within one month (extending the deadline to two months in case of a complex request), or you believe that the response you received from the Company is not satisfactory and your issue has not been resolved, you may lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, Personal Data Protection Authority, 1-3 Kifissias Avenue, TK 115 23 Athens, email: complaints@dpa.gr, fax 2106475628.
C. Data Transfers
KEY TOURS do not share or transfer your data to third parties, unless this is required for lawful professional purposes and business requirements, in order to respond to your requests and/if it is obliged to do so by law. In any case, access to your personal data is granted only to authorized personnel, in order to serve the purposes of their collection, use and processing, as described in the present Declaration.
In certain instances, KEY TOURS may share your data with some companies or service providers with whom it collaborates, in order to respond to your requests or to other data processors. In each instance, we will inform you in advance and whether required by law, ask for your consent. The people who will have access to your data in this respect, will be bound by a contract or other legal act that provides all potential guarantees for the confidentiality, safety and protection of your personal data.
KEY TOURS reserve the right to use the data which you provide to us through our Sites for statistical, promotional, research or advertising purposes, including by transferring it to authorized third parties, while ensuring that the identification or authentication of the individual concerned is not possible under such circumstances.
KEY TOURS may transfer some personal data to processors outside Greece or store data in another EU country to the one where you are located. By providing your data through this site, you consent to this transfer/storage of your data abroad. KEY TOURS may store your data in the cloud. This means that your data may be processed from a cloud service provider on behalf of KEY TOURS and your data may be stored in locations throughout the world. Our Company’s activities do not require the transfer of your data to countries outside the EU, however if we are required to do so, we will previously ask for your consent.
D. Data Security
KEY TOURS implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in order to safeguard personal data and information from any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, access or bad use. Our associates, who support us in the maintenance of our Sites also adhere to these procedures. KEY TOURS strive to retain your data only for as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which they were collected or until you request that they be erased, unless it is required to retain them by law.
Use of Customer Information:
Visiting Keytours website your information is collected when you request information from us, contact us or make a booking with us, our web server automatically recognizes and collects your IP address. We will update your information whenever we get the opportunity so that it is current, accurate and complete. In order to purchase our products or services, it is necessary for you to disclose your contact information, including your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card details and other identifying information in order to process orders and provide customer service. If you do not provide such information when purchasing one of our products or services, we cannot confirm your purchase or fulfill your booking. Any information obtained via this website will be used by Key tours to identify you as a customer, to process your booking, to verify credit or other charge card details and to deliver relevant information to you in connection with your travel and any other ancillary services which you may wish to avail of. For these purposes, we may transit your personal information to our own offices, authorized agents, other carriers and services providers, credit and charge card companies or banks and data processing companies working on our behalf. Your personal information and any records relating to your travel will also be retained for audit functions.
We ask for your telephone number so that we can contact you urgently if there is a problem with your reservation. In some instances, we may also ask for personal demographic data such as your country of residence, gender, age, travel habits, etc. We ask for and store contact information about you when you create an account on the site, such as your name, email address, and signup location.
You can contribute to the site in several different ways, including writing reviews, uploading photos, filling out your public profile, and rating other users' contributions. We may store these contributions (your "Content"), display them to other users, and use them for promotional purposes in accordance with the terms of the EU 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDP), Data Protection Acts, Ν. 2472/1997 and Π.Δ. 207/1998 and 79/2000 art. 8 of Ν. 2819/2000 (Greek government) as well as the European Union directive 95/46/EU and 97/66/EU and/or such amending or replacement legislation as may be adopted in Greece from time to time.
We only use your email address for sending you a confirmation of your bookings or to contact you for any reason directly linked to your booking, or occasionally to inform you of new features on, or offers through, Key tours.
How we use Cookies
"Cookies" also known as an HTTP cookie, web cookie, or browser cookie, is usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while a user is browsing a website. When the user browses the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of the user's previous activity. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember the state of the website or activity the user had taken in the past. This can include clicking certain buttons, login in or a record of which pages were visited by the user even months or years ago. Although cookies cannot carry viruses, and cannot install malware on the host computer, tracking cookies and especially third-party tracking cookies are commonly used as ways to compile long-term records of individuals' browsing histories.
Cookies identify your computer and they do not personally identify you. At Key Tours we make limited use of cookies to store your preferences, record session information, collect information on how you visit and access our websites, and to tailor our web pages to your needs. We also use cookies to analyze and measure the effectiveness of our email communications, website features and offerings, and advertisements. We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads while you are visiting our websites and permit these companies to place and access their own cookies on your computer in the course of serving advertisements. Such advertisers do not have access to the information we collect through key tours cookies. Our client may disable cookies from his computer but doing so he could not use our services.
How We Use Your Personal Information
If you make a purchase at our websites, we may send you information about new products, or ask your opinion about our websites, tours, excursion etc., so that we may improve our service to you and other consumers. If you do not want key tours to contact you in the future, please let us know by sending an email to Customer care department
reservations@keytours.gr
.
If you subscribe to any of our email messages, we will use your personal information to send you the information you requested. You will always have the option to unsubscribe by sending an email. Some of the personal information we collect is shared with our service partners (e.g. tour operators, transfers) who are directly involved in fulfilling the purchases you have made from us.
We only provide our service providers with your name and your local contact details, if you provide them (e.g. your hotel name for pick-ups and drop-offs, your local phone number, etc.) We do not provide our service providers with any other personal information. If you decide to provide any personal information directly to a service provider, we recommend that you review the service provider's Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy.
Legal Disclosure of Your Information
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Transaction Security
All transactions occur through our Secure Server. That means that we use encryption to secure information sent from your computer to our servers. In addition, credit card numbers and other sensitive information is encrypted in our bank database(s) to provide a second layer of security for your private information. Our bank is EUROBANK S.A.
We know that our business will continue to evolve as we introduce new products and as such from time to time our Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy may be reviewed and revised.
Key tours reserve the right to change its Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy and post the changes on its website for your information. We will only use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy in effect at the time we collect your personal information.
CANCELLATION POLICY:
Cancellation:
Except otherwise stated, Tour or package or any product cancelled without due notice are subjected to a cancellation fee according to the following scale :
Short Tours: for full-day and half-day tours, a refund will be made up to 48 hours prior to tour departure date and time. Cancellation within 2 calendar days before the services begin you will be charged a 100% cancellation fee (no refund).
Multiday tours: once booked, cancellations 100% apply for those cancelled 1-15 days prior to the tour departure date and time and 30% apply for those cancelled 16-30 days prior to tour departure date and time. A detailed cancellation policy is written on your voucher/ticket.
Private tours & Shore excursions: as well as  Special request / Private tours: a refund will be made up to 48 hours prior to tour departure date and time. Cancellation within 2 calendar days before the services begin you will be charged a 100% cancellation fee (no refund).
Tours including train or flight ticket and/or overnight accommodation: a refund will be made up to 168 hours prior to tour departure date and time. Cancellation prior 7 calendar days before the services begin you will be charged a 0% cancellation fee (full refund). Cancellation within 3-6 calendar days before the services begin you will be charged a 50% cancellation fee (partial refund). Cancellation within 2 calendar days before the services begin you will be charged a 100% cancellation fee (no refund).
For multiday packages more than 3 overnights  (7, 8, 12 Days, etc.)
- Cancellation more than 30 calendar days before the services begin, Full Refund
- Cancellation between 30 to 16 calendar days before services begin: You will be charged a 5% cancellation fee.
- Cancellation between 15 to 7 calendar days or less before the service: you will be charged a 50% cancellation fee
- Cancellation between 6 to the day of the services or after, you will be charged a 100% cancellation fee (no refund)
Gift Certificate : Gift certificate are non-cancellable and are non-refundable.
Cancellations by KEY TOURS or its suppliers:
We reserve the right to cancel any of the services, without any penalties beyond offering a full refund.
Amendments:
On-site amendments are aloud subject to availability up to 1 hour prior to departure. Fast-track entrance tickets, theatre tickets, boat trips or cruises cannot be amended. Keytours.gr does not charge a fee to amend or change the dates of an existing booking, as long as the request is received by our Customer Care team more than three (3) days ahead of your confirmed travel date.  All other date-change requests and amendments are subject to availability by our suppliers and/or service providers;