Main
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. Before you read this agreement, read and accept our
Terms of Service
and
User Guidelines
. We reserve the right to amend these policies at any time. If you disagree with any of these Terms, Policies or Guidelines, you must immediately discontinue your access to the Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
By services we mean our mobile application (IOS and Android and on other platforms), a website (pacwyn.app and other subdomains), a support service (any mail in the pacwyn.app domain). We are not responsible for any actions that users or other companies take in relation to us on their sites, in their mobile applications or other services. Any links to our Service mean that we do not have any agreements with them until it is officially notified using our service.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, which is accessible at current website.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may collect some information:
Profile information that you set in Profile of mobile app (currently name of you account, but in future updates also profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to profiles on other social networking websites)
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your browser type, operating system, language)
Mobile device data(such as your unique ID of your device, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), and your device name)
Game data (such as your interactions with the game and with the other users inside the game via server log files)
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Google
Firebase
Facebook
Apple
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information
          (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your
          device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when
          utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The
          reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use
          the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of
          protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is
          100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
          from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information,
          We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
          provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Deleting your data
You may request us that we delete any personal information that we have collected from/about you. Please reach out to us via email at support@pacwyn.app and put "Deletion Data" in the subject field of your email. We will do our best to respond to all valid requests within a reasonable timeframe.
However, we may retain some personal information as authorized under applicable law, such as personal infromation required as necessary to provide our services, protect our business, to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality, as necessary for us. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our services. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately
          after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us to email support@pacwyn.app
Last updated: 2021/12/17