Contact us
Privacy policy
Applicability
This data privacy policy applies to the 433-App with all content, functions and services. 433 Horizon has developed and exploits the 433-App and acts as responsible body for the lawfulness of the processing of your Personal Data under data protection laws. Please find our contact details below:
433 Horizon B.V.
Rigakade 20 (1013 BC)
Amsterdam
the Netherlands
In case you have any questions relating to your privacy or data protection, please contact us via support@by433.com.
Personal Data and processing
Certain information when you use the 433-App that may identify you as an individual, but the purpose of which is to identify the device you use to access our Services, such as:
a. Technical Data, such as your IP-address, time zone setting and location, browser type and version, browsing action, browser plug-in types, operating system, platform and other technologies on the devices you use with the 433-App.
b. Usage Data, how you use the 433-App.
c. Device Data, language setting, device model, device operating system version, 433-installed application version.
d. Aggregated Data, such as statistical or demographic data, which not considered to be personal data.
e. Profile Data, such as your interests and preferences based on your activity, and your responses to surveys/polls and quizzes.
f. Social Media Profile, we collect your social media profile details when you connect with the 433-App trough your social media account, such as username, your name, profile photo and any other information you choose to make available to us.
Identity Data and Contact Data : We collect information which relates directly to you (such as your username, full name and e-mail address) when you sign-up and register.
Profile Data : The data you voluntarily add to your profile during onboarding.
Marketing Data : We collect information in relation to your response to the marketing activities carried out by us, after you have given specific consent to us for example for sending you our Newsletter of promotional communication.
How is your information collected
We use different methods to collect the above-mentioned personal data from and about you and/or your device.
1. We collect personal information you provide us with during the registration process as well as the information you add to your profile when using the 433-App.
2. Third parties where you have provided your consent or for co-branded services. Third parties may give us your Identity Data, Contact Data and/or Profile Data where you have provided your consent to that third party to share your information with us for example when you register with your social media account.
3. Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with the 433-App, we may automatically collect data about your device, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this information by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive your personal data if you visit other websites employing our cookies or those of our advertising partners.
Purpose of processing your Data
We will only use your information as and when the law allows us to, and based on a valid legal basis as mentioned in art. 6 GDPR:
- We use your personal data for the execution of the agreement that we have entered into with you, in which we have promised to provide our services to you.
- We use your personal data based on your consent, for example to send you promotional communication.
- We use your personal data where it is necessary for our legitimate and your interests, and fundamental rights do not override those interests. For example, to improve the 433-App using your advice and usage data, or in order to provide you with supporting customer services.
- We use your personal data to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Third parties
433 Horizon transfers your personal data to third parties only if this is necessary to provide the technical functionality of the 433-App or in case another legal basis for the disclosure of your personal data exists. The 433-App makes use of the following service providers:
■ Amazon Web Services - data hosting
■ Cloud Primero - digital services
■ Mailchimp - marketing communicatio
■ One Signal - push notification software
Personal data may only be used by our service providers in order to fulfil their tasks and in conformity with the contracts we concluded with them. Other use of personal information is not permitted and is not carried out by any of these service providers. They are subject to our instructions and are regularly monitored by us. We reserve the right to use or disclose personal information to law enforcement, regulatory, other government agencies, or third parties, if we believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the 433 Horizon’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or a legal process.
Security and data retention
We take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. In the agreements with the third parties, we work with, we have agreed the same measures to ensure that their security level is also sufficient to protect your personal data.
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for (e.g., such as providing you access to the 433-App), including for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Where it is no longer necessary to process your personal data, we will delete or anonymize it. This means, among other, that we retain your personal data for the time your account is active. Even if you delete the 433-App, for example to install it on a new device, your personal data will remain. If you delete your account, all your personal data will also be deleted automatically.
User rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) users may exercise certain rights regarding their personal data processed with the use of the 433-App:
■ Withdraw consent : you can withdraw your consent at any time by sending us an email.
■ Access : you have the right to access your personal data.
■ Rectification : if it appears that your personal data is incorrect, you can ask us to update or correct your data.
■ Restrict : under circumstances you have the right to ask us not to process your data for any purpose other than just storing it.
■ Delete : you can also request us to delete personal data and stop using it.
■ Data portability : you have the right to receive your data to have it transmitted to another controller.
■ Object : you have the right to object to the processing of your data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
If you have a question about the processing of your personal data, or in case you want to exercise the above-mentioned rights, please contact us via support@by433.com. Your requests shall be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by us as early as possible and always within one month. If you are not satisfied with the way in which we handle your personal data or related requests and/or questions, you can also submit a complaint to Dutch Data Protection Authority via: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl.
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Legal information / version
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of relevant privacy and data protection legislations, including the General Data Protection Regulation. Latest update: April 7th, 2022