PRIVACY POLICY
MB DIGITAL BROTHERS (“we”) is the owner of the Fonts Keyboard (Fonts App).
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and share data through our products and services (including our websites and mobile applications) and we refer to these together as the “Apps”.
We reserve the right to and may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, we will notify you through the Apps, or by presenting you with a new version of this Privacy Policy for you to accept, if we, for example, add new processing activities or collect some additional Personal Data from you. Please also periodically check back for updates. You can see the last updated date for this Privacy Policy at the bottom of the policy.
We provide you with this Privacy Policy to make our users aware of the steps we take to ensure the security of their data when utilizing the Apps. This policy describes the types of information we collect when you use the Apps, how we use and protect that information, how long we retain it, and with whom we share it. It also explains what your rights and options are as they pertain to privacy. By using the Apps, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your personal data
When you use our Apps, you may, in the process, give us data directly, from third parties, or through the Apps themselves (including through your interaction with the Apps) and we collect these data.
These data are, for example:
• Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our Apps you visited.
• Information about your mobile device such as model operating system, identifier and similar information
• Other information that helps us in providing and servicing the Apps.
If you contact our customer support, then we may also receive information from you as part of that contact. Oftentimes this is your name, email and information about your device.
As we further describe below, we may also get information from your device and how you use our websites and our Apps, including the use of cookies. Cookies provide us technical data that we use to optimize the Apps and provide you with excellent service. These cookies will collect information such as operating system and type of mobile device you are using.
When you utilize one of the Apps, our server automatically records certain information, which is sent by your mobile device and stored in log files. This includes your unique mobile device identifier and similar data. We use this information for statistical and other internal business purposes.
You should be able to adjust the settings on your iOS mobile device to prevent our collection of Location Information by disabling the location services feature on your device.
Purchases
Information about the auto-renewable nature of the Fonts Keyboard (Fonts App) Pro Subscription.
Every time in a week/month you can reach your updated premium reports and if you want to continue getting premium reports, your subscription should be continued.
Subscription periods are:
1 week subscription price is $0.99. May be different in other regions.
1 month subscription price is $2.99. May be different in other regions.
1 year subscription price is $29.99. May be different in other regions.
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
Ways that we process your data
To manage and develop our Apps, we need information from you, which includes personal information. The purposes of processing this personal data includes:
• enabling our support team to contact you regarding support requests
• sending you push internal notifications. If you do not want to receive these notifications, you can manage your preferences either through your device or Apps settings.
• analyzing, operating, maintaining and improving the Apps and marketing activities
• optimizing user experience
• adding new features and services to the Apps
• responding to your comments, questions and requests and providing customer service.
Analytics are important to help us manage, protect and provide the Apps by obtaining information about how our users interact with our application. For example, we will receive the length of time spent in a session within the Apps, aggregate, non-specific geographic data, and crash data. Some Apps have the ability to send bug reports to us, which include the user’s email address and an optional description of the problem, along with some auto-generated technical information.
These reports are strictly voluntary and are only sent when the user after reviewing them expressly grants permission. If you choose to send us this data, then we will use this information to ensure that the Apps continue to appeal to our users, as well as for auditing, research, and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve the app; ensuring the technical functioning of the app, as well as developing new apps.
We may combine your usage information with that of others in a way that does not identify you or any individual person and to use such anonymized and aggregate data for conducting analytical research, performance tracking and benchmarking.
Your rights
You are able to modify, correct and update your Personal Data in the Apps account settings. If you want to erase it from our analytics tools please write us at
info@great.lt
You have a right to access your Personal Data you insert into the Apps and ask us about what kind of Personal Data we have about you. You can do this by using the app settings or by writing to
info@great.lt
If you are a user located in Switzerland, the EU or the EEA, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
• Right to access personal data
• Right to correct or update your personal data
• Right to restrict processing of your personal data
• Right to portability
• Right to withdraw consent if we have asked for it
• Right to file a complaint with a data protection authority
If you want to submit a request regarding your rights, please contact customer support at info@great.lt .
Please keep in mind that in case of a vague access, erasure, objection request or any other request in exercise of the mentioned rights we may engage the individual in a dialogue so as to better understand the motivation for the request and to locate responsive information. In case this is impossible, we reserve the right to refuse granting your request.
Following the provisions of GDPR we might also require you to prove your identity (for example, by requesting an ID or any other proof of identity) in order for you to invoke the mentioned rights, specifically if you exercise them in respect to special categories of Personal Data like data about health. This is made to ensure that no rights of third parties are violated by your request, and the rights described in this section are exercised by an actual Personal Data subject or an authorized person.
Sharing your Personal Data and Information
We will share your Personal Data and information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your Personal Data:
· as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process.
· when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
· if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
· to any other third party with your prior explicit consent to do so.
We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of your Personal Data (for example, GDPR for the EU residents). Our third-party business partners may share your Personal Data with their own third-party business partners, granted they have appropriate data protection safeguards in place, and use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to:
· Operate and improve their services;
· Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services in this app or on other apps or websites based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them; and
· Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Depending on a service you use, we may share some of your Personal Data and information with third-party business partners who perform analytical and other tasks for us (in some jurisdictions such parties may qualify for being a ‘processor’ under applicable laws). These are the third-party services with whom, among others, we may share some of your Personal Data and information:
· Facebook. We use Facebook as our advertising partner and analytic partner to manage our advertising on other sites. Normally, Facebook collects only non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this App and other apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. Learn more about Facebook advertising policy: https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices (https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Fads%2Fad_choices&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEbF1eCgR89q4_-qaRhE5w0RQHZKA).
· Fabric. We use Fabric, an analytics company and a Google subsidiary, to better understand your use of the App. For example, Fabric may use device identifiers that are stored on your mobile device and allow us to analyze your use of the App in order to improve our App features. Read more about Fabric here: https://get.fabric.io (https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fget.fabric.io%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGIx9FQ6WXSLMYoxI42hDncKKGgPA)
· Crashlytics. Crashlytics, a Google business division, provides us crash reporting solution that we use in order to track when the App crashes or works improperly on your device. Crashlytics may collect certain device identifiers in order to understand on what devices and under which circumstances the App does not work or crashes. See more about Crashlytics here: https://try.crashlytics.com/reports/ (https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Ftry.crashlytics.com%2Freports%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEukT120R3FLHs3G7YMgFpYDNN5IA)
· Firebase. Firebase is an analytics product from Google, Inc. that allows us to track crashes of the App, monitor events in the App, provide us stats regarding the use of the App. Firebase may collect certain device identifiers in order to understand on what devices and under which circumstances particular incidents and events happen. See more on Firebase: https://firebase.google.com/ (https://firebase.google.com/)
Our third-party partners are either EU-based or certified under EU-US Privacy Shield Framework that ensures that European data protection requirement are met. The privacy policy of these services can be found on their respective websites. Be informed that some third-party service providers may have their servers located in the United States.
How We Protect Information
We share your data if necessary for safety, security or legal compliance, and we also understand the importance of keeping your information safe and secure. We make reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems.
How Long We Keep Information
We retain personal for as long as necessary to fulfill a business purpose or comply with a legal request and within restrictions placed on us by law.
Children under 4
Our Apps are not intended for users under the age of 4, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 4. If we become aware that a person submitting information is under 4, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email at
info@great.lt
.
Questions
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@great.lt
.
This site was made on
Tilda — a website builder
that helps to create a website without any code
Create a website
How to remove this block?
About platform
Submit a complaint