This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we process (i.e. collect, record, organize, structure, store, adapt or alter, retrieve, consult, use, disclose by transmission, disseminate or otherwise make available, align or combinate, restrict, erase or destruct) personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We
Ruby Oyun ve Yazılım Danışmanlık Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Şirketi
, a company under laws of Turkey, with registered address at:
Erzene Mahallesi Ankara Cad. Ebiltem Apt. No: 172/14 Bornova/İzmir
(“Ruby Games” or “we”), a developer and publisher of games and mobile game applications that are made available via app stores including the Apple App Store and Google Play Store. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect through our games, mobile applications and other products (“Games”) (together “Services”). By using our Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and consent to our processing of information as specified therein.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Most of the information that we collect about you comes directly from you when you play our Games or interact with third-party ads in our Games or with our ads in other publisher’s Games. In general, the information we collect about you relates to the type of device you are using, information that helps us identify your device, how you play our Games and may include information that you submit to us when you voluntarily contact us. We may also collect information from app store platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about your interests and in-app purchases (provided that we never receive your payment or credit card information).
The information that we may collect about you through the Services broadly falls into the following categories:
(a) Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Services may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, we will ask for certain information in order for you to submit inquiries to us, such as:
your name, email address or other details, necessary to process your inquiries;
any information you submit to our support team via email.
The personal information that you are asked to provide and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, we will try to explain to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
(b) Information that we collect automatically
When you use our Services, we may also collect certain information automatically from you and/or your device which may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws, such as:
Data and analytics about your use of our Services (e.g. in-game play progress, levels, games played, session length, preferred settings, which in-game adverts you may have viewed, in-game references or just game preferences, the means by which you were referred to our Services)
Your IP address and device identifiers such as your Advertising ID, Device ID numbers.
Your device type and the operating system that you use
Your Service communications (e.g. in-game emotion signals which you exchange with other players)
Broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) based on your IP address
Advertising ID means Apple Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”) on Apple and Google Advertising Identity (“GAID”). These are unique identifiers for the mobile devices that advertisers use for personalized advertising. They are consistent across all mobile applications and thus allow cross-app tracking. On Apple, you can opt-out of it by choosing the “limit ad tracking” option in your privacy settings. On Google Android, you can opt-out of these ads by choosing “Opt-out of personalized ads”. Advertising IDs are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers, which are uniquely associated with your device.
Device identifier/information means device type, device model, device maker, device operating system and its language or other technical data like screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application.
Some of this information may be collected through cookies as explained further under the heading Cookies below.
(c) Information we obtain from third-party sources
Third-party service providers. We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources. We may get your personal information for example when you installed our Game and prior to installing you have clicked an advertisement for the same Game.
Advertising partners. From time to time, we may also receive personal information about you from other third-party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement to direct you to one of our Services (such as an advert of one of our Games in other publisher’s game), we will be provided with information from which ad network and advertising campaign the install originated from (See below also “Advertising”).
A list of our current service providers and partners is available
here
.
(d) No special categories of information
We do not request or intend to collect any “special categories of information” such as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
2.1. In General
We use the information we collect about you/your device to deliver services and our Games to you and to operate our business. We use it also for improving our services and Games, for enhancing security and for analytics and research purposes to make sure we provide you with the best experience. In addition, we use your information to promote our services and Games in our Games and also in other publisher’s apps and to display third-party advertisements to you. We use your information also for tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes and for complying with our legal obligations.
We use your information for the following purposes:
Delivering and improving our services. We use your information for developing, delivering and improving our Games and other products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing Game updates, technical troubleshooting, understanding and analyzing trends in connection with usage of the Games, and administering the Games.
Displaying advertisements. We use your information for showing advertisements for our Games in other publisher’s apps and for displaying third-party advertisements in our Games. Please see more in the Advertising Section of this Privacy Policy.
Cross-promotion. We use your information for cross-promoting our Games and services, meaning to promote one of our Games while you are playing a different Game of ours.
Tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes. We use your information for tracking how our advertising campaigns perform and for identifying and preventing fraud for our advertising campaigns.
Analytics and research. We use your information for understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Games, gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the Game was downloaded from. We may also create reports and analysis for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example, to track potential problems or trends with our Games and services, or to test our new game features and content.
Security. We use your information for enhancing the safety and security of our Games, products, and services.
Customer Support. We use your information for providing customer support to you and to respond to your inquiries.
Our legal obligations. We use your information when we are required to do so by law, for example, we use your country or region for tax reporting purposes.
2.2. In-App Purchases
Our Games enable in-app purchases. We do not process payments for in-app purchases nor have access to your credit card information.
Payment transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your App Store account, Google Play account. Any post-purchase processes are controlled by Apple, Google stores and are subject to specific terms such as Apple, Google stores. Please review the privacy policy and terms of service of your Apple, Google stores.
You can always request a refund from the applicable link below:
iOS:
https://support.apple.
com/en-us/HT204084
Google Play:
https://support.google.
com/googleplay/answer/7205930
To cancel your subscription please visit the applicable link below and follow the instructions:
iOS:
https://support.apple.
com/en-us/HT202039
Google Play:
https://support.google.
com/googleplay/answer/7018481?
hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%
3DAndroid
3.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We cannot provide all the services necessary for the successful operation of the Games by ourselves. We must, therefore, share collected information with third parties for the purposes of developing and delivering our services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis and research and for measuring our and our Partners’ advertising campaign performance. We also reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) when we are legally required to do so, to disclose your information in an anonymous and aggregated manner, meaning you could not be personally identified from it.
We may share such information to:
Our analytics providers. We use third-party analytics such as Unity, Firebase, Tenjin, Gameanalytics for the purposes of delivering our services, conducting analysis, and research. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature.
Our cloud service providers. We store information we collect from you on servers provided by our third-party cloud service providers such as iCloud, Google Cloud Platform;
Our tracking and fraud prevention providers. For some of our Games, we use tracking and fraud prevention providers, such as Tenjin for the purposes of measuring performance and optimizing our advertising campaigns, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis to improve our services and for fraud prevention purposes. Such providers may use APIs, and SDKs in our Games to enable them to collect and analyze user and device-related data and information, such as impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising campaign performance indicators and post-install in-app events.
Third-party advertising partners. We have contracted with certain third-party advertising networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Games for free or at a low cost.
Advertising partner’s third-party tracking provider. We allow our advertising partners to track impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising campaign performance indicators through their tracking providers for the purposes of measuring their advertising campaign performance. They may use their own third-party tracking providers.
Other third-party service providers. For our Games, we use Unity Software to develop such Games. For the data processing by Unity please see Unity’s privacy policy available at
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
. For some Games, we partner with third-party development studios to develop such Games. Such third-party development studios do not have access to your personal information, they can only access aggregated data that they cannot trace back to you.
We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the future to perform any services in connection with the Games. These changes shall be updated from time to time or promptly in case of material changes in our data processing practices.
The list of our current service providers and partners is available
here
.
We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) in response to the law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, the disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.
For any additional questions about third-party information collection, please refer to contact section.
4.ADVERTISING
4.1. In General
We use advertising to fund our Services and to make our games available for free. We offer our Games for free and in order to do that we need to share the information we collect from you with our third-party advertising partners. As a safeguard to protect your privacy, we only store personal information temporarily. The information collected helps us to improve our websites and Games and – at the same time – keep our Games free for a wide player base.
If you are a European Economic Area (EEA) – based user be aware that:
(a) When you use our Games, we rely on our legitimate interest to show advertisements to you. The legal basis to show ads to EEA-based users is the legitimate interest in accordance with the European data protection requirements under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In addition, data processing agreements were concluded with external ad technology providers networks in accordance with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR.We also ensure that our external service providers are committed to a high level of data protection by concluding data protection agreements.
(b) Before sharing any information with our advertising partners for the purposes of personalized advertising, we always ask for your consent, given when you press accept at the relevant button at the loading of the Game. We allow our advertising partners to show personalized ads to you only if you have pressed ACCEPT in relevant pop-up window and so consented to the sharing of your personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising. Our advertising partners use different technologies for the purposes of personalized advertising that process your personal information in different ways, so please review their data processing practices before you ACCEPT to show you personalized ads at the loading of the Game. The list of our current advertising partners with links to their privacy policies is available
here
. The legal basis to show personalized ads to EEA-based users is consent in accordance with the European data protection requirements under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. In addition, data processing agreements were concluded with external ad technology providers networks in accordance with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR. We also ensure that our external service providers are committed to a high level of data protection by concluding data protection agreements. The purpose is to improve our Games and provide the player with more relevant ads. You have an option to withdraw your consent to share your personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising at all times. You can withdraw your consent by going to the Game settings and clicking the terms & Privacy button therein, in section Personalized Ads Consent Withdrawal of the Privacy Policy you will be able to manage your preferences by choosing to which advertising you would like to get. When you decide to withdraw your consent or if you do not provide your consent, you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on topics you like, your interest, behavior, demographics, etc. Our advertising partners may continue to show you ads based on the content of the application you are using.
4.2. In-game advertising (i.e. when you view ads in Our Games)
To enable us to show in-game ads, we may send your advertising ID and IP-address to advertisers (or ad networks) to enable them to find appropriate ads to serve to you in our games and on third-party properties. You can control and limit our use of your advertising ID in your device settings. We do not control which specific ads are shown in our games (it is controlled by ad networks), but we do blacklist certain categories of ads.
Advertising IDs are used by the ad networks for a number of purposes (please refer to the Privacy Notices of our advertising partners listed
here
) including:
limit the number of times you see the same ad;
ensure they are dealing with humans with real devices and not ‘automated’ bots;
serve you with advertisements likely to be relevant to you based on your advertising ID engagement with other brands and ads, also recorded using your advertising ID and using your general geographic area. Other brands buy advertisement placement via an ad network or ad exchange to advertise their products in Our Games. The ad network or ad exchange acts as an intermediary between the other game companies and Us. In order for an ad network to charge the company buying the ad, clicks from the ad and potentially installs of other developers’ applications party apps are tracked. Views, clicks, and installs from ads are measured using Advertiser ID;
keep track of what games you have used to market you similar kinds of games. IP-address is typically used by advertisers to broadly see the general geographic area you are coming from for example country, state, and sometimes at the city level).
4.3. View of Our ads on third-party services
We also advertise Games in other apps by asking ad networks to serve them to audiences that will be interested in them (determined using Advertising IDs).
The Advertising IDs are used by the ad networks for a number of purposes (please refer to the Privacy Notices of our advertising partners listed
here
) including:
measuring ad effectiveness (looking at aggregated views, clicks and installs they generate through their advertising in other publishers’ games);
informing players, that have not been playing for a while, about new content in the Game. We give a list of these users in the form of Advertising IDs to an ad network. Ad network then shows these users ads about the new content;
not showing ads on a game that a player is already playing. We can send a list of active players in the form of Advertising IDs to an ad network. Ad network then excludes these players from seeing the ad;
marketing games to a group of potential players.
4.4. WHO CAN SHOW PERSONALIZED ADS TO YOU?
Please see the list of advertising providers that are allowed to show personalized advertising and review their data processing practices, including the technologies they use for the purposes of personalized advertising
here
.
4.5. HOW CAN YOU TURN OFF PERSONALIZED ADS?
Besides specific instruments available to EEA-based users via the Game you can use your device settings.
iOS
Open the “Settings” application of iOS and select the “Privacy” menu item and then the “Advertising” sub-item. If you activate the “Limit ad tracking” option, we can only take limited measures such as identifying unique users or combating fraud. In the same menu, you can always delete the IDFA (“Reset Ad-ID”), then a new ID is created which is not merged with the data collected earlier.
Android
Open the “Settings” application and select the “Google” menu item. Depending on your device, this option may not be visible on the main menu but you may use the search function at the top of the Settings menu to find it. From there, select the “Ads” sub-item and activate the option “Opt out of Ads Personalisation” to prevent the creation of profiles and the display of personalized advertising. You can delete the advertising ID in the same menu at any time (“Reset advertising ID”), then a new ID will be created which will not be merged with the previously collected data.
5. PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages, if you have agreed to such notifications. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
6. COOKIES
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some options for our Service.
Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through your browser settings. To find out more about cookies generally and how to manage or delete them, you can
visit here
.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome (
here
)
Microsoft Edge (
here
)
Mozilla Firefox (
here
)
Microsoft Internet Explorer (
here
)
Opera (
here
)
Apple Safari (
here
)
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”). When we collect personal information, we do not know the age of our players. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
8. Does Ruby Games actually "sell" personal data?
Ruby Games does not, and will not, provide your personal data in direct exchange for money. Therefore, in the literal sense, Ruby Games does not sell your data.
To the extent this practice is interpreted to constitute a “sale” under the CCPA, please contact us to exercise your right to withdraw your consent on sharing your personal data with third parties.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
Rights of EEU residents
If you are an EEA-based user you have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations.
According to the relevant legislation, you have the right to;
learn whether or not your personal data is being processed,
request information as to processing if it has been processed,
learn the purpose of personal data processing and whether the personal data is used appropriately in line such purposes,
know the third parties to which your personal data is transferred domestically or abroad,
to request correction if "your personal data is incompletely or incorrectly processed,
to request deletion or destruction of your personal data,
to request the transmission of your correction, deletion and destruction requests to third parties to whom your personal data has been transferred,
to object to any consequence occurred against you by analyzing your processed data through automated systems
request compensation in case you incur any damage due to the unlawful processing of personal data.,
request restriction of data processing activities,
request data portability,
object to the occurrence of an adverse consequence by analyzing the processed data exclusively through automated systems, and
to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority and have the right to claim damages in case of impairment because your personal data is processed in violation of the relevant legal legislation.
Rights of Turkish residents
If you are an user from Turkey you have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it based on the Law No. 6698 Kişisel Verileri Koruma Kanunu. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations.
According to the relevant legislation, you have the right to;
learn whether or not your personal data is being processed,
request information as to processing if it has been processed,
learn the purpose of personal data processing and whether the personal data is used appropriately in line such purposes,
know the third parties to which your personal data is transferred domestically or abroad,
to request correction if "your personal data is incompletely or incorrectly processed,
to request deletion or destruction of your personal data,
to request the transmission of your correction, deletion and destruction requests to third parties to whom your personal data has been transferred,
to object to any consequence occurred against you by analyzing your processed data through automated systems
request compensation in case you incur any damage due to the unlawful processing of personal data.,
If you have questions or concerns about your rights releated to personel data information please contact us via our privacy email:
rubygames.privacy@rovio.com
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 30 days of its receipt. We will deliver our written response by mail.
If you would like to delete or destruct your personal data please request it from "Erase Data" button in game settings.
Rights of California residents
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 30 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal data that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Right to opt out
Under CCPA each California resident can request any business stops selling personal information to third parties.
Right to be informed
You have a right to be informed about what categories of personal data we are collecting, including the purpose of the collection. You can freely find this information in our Privacy Policy. We update our Privacy Policy at least once every 12 months.
Right to disclosure
You can request us to disclose what personal data we have collected on you in the past 12 months.
We can assure you that our Privacy Policy is an relevant document where you can find information about what personal data we have collected about you over the past 12 months and intend to collect, sources of your personal data and how we use your personal data.
You also have a right to get a free copy of your personal information disclosed in a readily usable and readable format (right of access). You can make this request for free, twice per year.
When providing information under the right of access, we will provide you with the following information:
The categories of personal data we are collecting about you,
The categories of sources of the personal data,
The purpose for collecting your personal data,
The categories of any third parties with whom we share your personal data,
The specific pieces of personal data collected about you.
Right to deletion
You can request us to delete the personal data we have collected on you in the past 12 months.
We fully recognize you right to deletion, however, we would like to note that in some cases we are obliged to keep your personal data for certain period of time. For instance, if we need to provide services to you, detect or resolve issues security or functionality-related issues, comply with the law, conduct research in the public interest, safeguard the right to free speech or carry out any actions for internal purposes that you might reasonably expect. If we do not have obligations to perform any of the above actions, we can delete your personal information at your request.
Right to equal services and prices
California residents are protected against any discrimination that a business might subject them to based on the exercising of their CCPA rights.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you the App,
Charge you different prices or rates for the App, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties,
Provide you a different level or quality of the App,
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for services or a different level or quality of the App.
How to exercise my rights
You can submit all your claims and questions with respect to such rights to rubygames.privacy@rovio.com
Your requests will be answered as soon as possible and within thirty days at the latest.
10. GENERAL
Your information privacy and security is important to us and we always pay special attention to ensure that we process your information lawfully in accordance with one of the legal bases set out under EEA data protection laws that apply to EEA users. We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We operate globally and we share your information with our Partners (see the List of our current Partners
here
) as for the purposes described above in “How We Share Your Information” section, which may include a transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Please check regularly for changes to our Privacy Policy.
11. LEGAL BASES
In each case where we process your information, we do so lawfully in accordance with the legal bases set out under “Law No. 6698 Kişisel Verileri Koruma Kanunu” in Turkey and EEA data protection law.
The legal bases that we rely upon are the following:
Contractual Necessity. This covers information that is processed by us in order to provide you with service that you have requested – and that we have agreed – to provide to you, that is to deliver and improve our services, to provide customer support, to deliver special features in our Games (such as in-app chat feature, multiplayer feature, leaderboards, and other third-party social network features), to deliver content of the in-app purchase you make.
Legitimate Interests. This covers information that is processed by us for the purposes that can be reasonably expected within the context of your use of our services to pursue our legitimate interests in order to ensure you have the best experience when playing our apps, to make sure your information is secure and to provide to you our Games free of charge or at a low cost. We pay special attention to your data protection rights making sure that your data protection rights are not overridden by our legitimate interests. We rely on our legitimate interests for data processing for analytics, tracking and fraud prevention, push-notifications, cross-promotion, and contextual advertising purposes.
Consent. Where we ask for your consent to use your data for a particular purpose, we will make this clear at the point of collection and we will also make clear how you can withdraw your consent. We will ask for your consent before sharing any information with our advertising partners for the purposes of personalized advertising and before conducting any surveys.
Legal Obligation. This covers information that is processed by us to comply with a legal obligation, for instance, is to maintain records for tax purposes.
12. SECURITY
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the collected information, and to prevent unauthorized access and the use of information contrary to this Privacy Policy. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your information remains secure when maintained by us, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
13. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Your personal information may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in other countries. However, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place so that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between us and third-party service providers and partners, which require us to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. It also includes transferring personal information to third-party service providers and partners which are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
14. RETENTION
We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need it for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy and in any event no later than two (2) years after your interaction with all of our Games has ceased.
When required by law, we will retain your information for as long as we are legally obligated to do so. If you request us to delete your data we will delete your data as described above in the “Your Rights” section.
15. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information, and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at http://www.rubygamestudio.com/privacy
16. CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our privacy email: rubygames.privacy@rovio.com
For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is Ruby Oyun ve Yazılım Danışmanlık Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Şirketi, a company under laws of Turkey, registered at Bornova /İzmir, 35100.
Ruby Oyun ve Yazılım Danışmanlık Sanayi Ticaret Anonim Şirketi
Mersis No: 0735154407300001
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools