liko apps
Mobile Service Privacy Policy
Thank you for using the services of liko apps (hereafter referred to as "the Company," represented by Song Jun-hyun). By downloading or using the app, you agree to be bound by this privacy policy, so please read it carefully before using the app.
In order to protect your personal information and to handle related complaints promptly and smoothly, the Company has established and disclosed this privacy policy as follows.
Article 1 (Purpose of Processing Personal Information and Collection/Use Items)
① The Company processes personal information for the following purposes, and the processed personal information is not used for purposes other than the following:
* Essential information: Information necessary to perform the essential functions of the service.
* Optional information: Information collected for the provision of specialized services (however, if you do not agree, there will be no restriction on using the app service).
1. Service Common
Purpose of collection and use
Detailed classification
Required
/Optional
Items of Personal Information Collected and Used
Customer Support
Customer consultation and support
Optional
Email address, payment information, nickname, and other necessary information for consultation (e.g. screenshots)
Notification of announcements
Required
Email address, phone number
Events
Participation in events
Optional
Email address, phone number, Social ID
Prize delivery
Required
Name, phone number, address
Taxation
Required
Name, resident registration number, address, account number, bank name, account holder name
Marketing
Service guidance
Optional
Email address, phone number, Social ID
Personalized advertising
Optional
Service usage history, cookies
• This information is not transmitted, stored, or collected on a separate server and is used through third-party services.
Service analysis
Service statistics and operation
Required
Service usage history, device information, crash logs
• This information is not transmitted, stored, or collected on a separate server and is used through third-party services.
• Usage records may be collected during the service usage process. This information is collected in a form that does not identify individuals and may be used for internal metrics calculation (service usage statistics and analysis).
• The following information may be generated and collected during the service usage process, which is not personal information:
advertising ID, visit history, content usage information, device information (type, model name, OS version, app version, device identifier, language and country).
2. Service-specific Information Collection and Use
[EmojiBox]
• EmojiBox app does not include features that use or store facial data. Therefore, we do not retain or store any data related to faces on separate servers, nor do we share data with third parties.
[Stampbook Jeju Check-in]
App name
Purpose of collection and use
Required
/Optional
Items of Personal Information Collected and Used
Stampbook Jeju Check-in
Service Provision
Required
Location Information
• This is an item used to provide services such as confirming visits based on location and displaying maps, and location information is not transmitted, stored, or collected on a separate server.
Optional
Nickname, Profile Picture
• Users have the ability to change the access range of their location information at any time. For iOS devices, users can adjust the access range by going to Settings, selecting the relevant application, and modifying the access range under the "Location" option.
• When taking or editing photos or videos using the app's camera, the app may request access to the user's photo gallery for the purpose of providing services. However, the app will not copy or transmit the user's photos or videos to the company's server.
•In the case of health and fitness app services, the app may request access to iOS health information for the purpose of providing services. However, the app will not transmit, store, or collect this information.
• When connecting accounts through external platforms, the company follows the principle of collecting and using only the connection key values to protect personal information. However, additional information may be collected for personal identification purposes when participating in events, and in such cases, the company will clearly inform the user and obtain consent in accordance with relevant laws.
※ External platforms include: Facebook, Naver, Kakao, Google, Apple, etc.
② The company provides services only to users aged 14 or above. If the company becomes aware that personal information of a child under the age of 14 has been collected, it will promptly delete such information.
Article 2 (Processing and Retention Period of Personal Information)
① The company processes and retains personal information within the period specified by law or the period agreed upon when collecting personal information from users.
② The personal information processing and retention period for each collection and use purpose is as follows:
1. Service provision: until the service is fully provided or until the end of service use (however, in the case of dormant accounts, the company may terminate the service contract, destroy the member's personal information and app usage information to protect personal information).
2. Customer consultation: until the complaint is resolved.
3. Event: retention for two months after sending out prizes, but will be destroyed immediately if event participants request deletion.
4. Marketing: until the service is fully provided or until the end of service use.
5. Service analysis: until the service is fully provided or until the end of service use.
However, if there are legal obligations or legitimate reasons for the company to retain personal information for a longer period, the retention period may be extended until the end of the relevant period. Any extension of the retention period will be done in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Applicable Laws and Regulations
Collected Information
Retention Period
Communications Privacy Act
Information related to the use of the service (access logs)
3 months
Consumer Protection in E-Commerce and More Consumer Protection Act
Records of consumer complaints or disputes
3 years
Records on contract or subscription withdrawal, etc.
5 years
Records on payment and supply of goods, etc.
5 years
Article 3 (Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties)
① The company processes the user's personal information only for the purposes specified in Article 1, and provides personal information to a third party only with the user's consent or as required by law.
② The company does not provide personal information to third parties without obtaining the user's consent, except as required by law.
Article 4 (Outsourcing of Personal Information Processing)
① The company does not currently outsource the processing of personal information. If there are any changes in the status or details of outsourcing, the company will promptly disclose it through this Privacy Policy.
Article 5 (Rights and Obligations of Users and Legal Representatives and Methods of Exercising Them)
① Users may exercise their rights to access, correct, delete, and request the suspension of processing of their personal information from the company at any time.
② The rights of users to access information and to request the suspension of processing may be restricted under relevant laws and regulations.
③ If personal information is specified as a collection target in other laws, requests for correction and deletion cannot be made.
④ The company may verify whether the requester is the user or a legitimate representative when responding to requests for access, correction, deletion, and suspension of processing according to user rights.
Article 6 (Destruction of Personal Information)
① The Company will promptly destroy the personal information of users when the retention period agreed upon with the user has elapsed or when the purpose of processing personal information has been achieved and the personal information is no longer necessary.
② Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph ①, if personal information must be retained in accordance with other laws, the Company shall move the relevant personal information to a separate database or store it in a different location for retention purposes. (Refer to Article 2 for the retention period required by law.)
③ The procedures and methods for the destruction of personal information are as follows:
1. Procedure for destruction: The Company selects personal information for destruction when the reason for destruction arises and destroys the personal information upon approval from the Company's personal information protection manager.
2. Method of destruction:
1) Electronic files: Technological measures are employed to ensure that the files cannot be recovered or regenerated.
2) Paper documents: Shredded with a shredder or incinerated.
Article 7 (Installation, Operation, and Rejection of Automatic Collection Devices for Personal Information)
① To provide users with more suitable and useful services, including personalized advertising, the Company uses the following third-party services:
[Link to Third-Party Service Providers' Privacy Policy]
*
AdColony
*
AdMob
*
AppLovin
*
Firebase Crashlytics
*
Google Analytics for Firebase
*
Meta
*
UnityAds
The following are the details of the automatic collection of personal information and the ways to reject it:
1. Ad identifiers are automatically collected if the user has enabled ad-related features in the OS settings of their smartphone or tablet PC. Users can refuse the use of ad identifiers for interest-based advertising by changing their device settings or utilizing the opt-out feature of the advertising platform operator.
1) To block personalized ads:
• iOS: Go to [Settings -> Privacy & Security -> Apple Advertising] and deselect "Personalized Ads"
2. Analysis software is used to analyze information automatically generated when users visit websites or use mobile services, and users can refuse this.
• iOS: Deselect "Allow apps to request to track" in [Settings-> Privacy & Security->Tracking].
Article 8 (Personal Information Protection Manager)
① The Company designates a personal information protection manager as follows to oversee the handling of personal information and to deal with user complaints and remedies related to personal information processing:
Manager: Junhyun Song (Representative)
Contact: contact@likoapps.com
② Users may contact the personal information protection manager regarding any inquiries, complaints, or remedies related to the protection of personal information that have arisen while using the Company's services. We will respond and handle your inquiry as soon as possible. However, if there is an unavoidable reason for delay, we will notify the user again.
Article 9 (Scope of Application of this Privacy Policy)
① This Privacy Policy applies to all services provided by the company, including applications and websites. However, if the nature of the service is different, specialized personal information handling policies may apply to each service.
② Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply when you visit other companies' websites linked to the company's services or when personal information is collected on the website you visited.
Article 10 (Jurisdiction and Governing Law)
① This privacy policy shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea. Any disputes arising between the Company and a member shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the court prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations.
② This privacy policy is originally written in Korean, and in case of any discrepancy in interpretation, the Korean version shall prevail as the default language.
Article 11 (Changes and Notices to the Privacy Policy)
① The Company may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and will notify users of such changes through the relevant page. However, if there are significant changes that affect users' rights, we will notify users at least 30 days in advance and may ask for their consent again.
② This Privacy Policy is effective from March 16, 2024.
Each service's previous Privacy Policy is replaced by this Privacy Policy.
App name
Previous Privacy Policy
EmojiBox
Privacy Policy applicable until March 25, 2023 (
click
)
Calmaker
Privacy Policy applicable until March 25, 2023 (
click
)
HighScore: Workout
Privacy Policy applicable until March 25, 2023 (
click
)