Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy of Charging Wallpaper
Privacy Policy
Published on：2022.1.14
For providing you with this mobile application( the “App” or “Software” ) and related services( “Services”),
Guangzhou Zhiyin Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd
( “we”, “our”, or “us”) needs to collect some privacy information about you. We understand the importance of protecting your privacy. Therefore, we have established this Privacy Policy to explain how we treat your information and protect your privacy when you use the Software and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.
once you access, view or use the App, we consider you to consent the terms and conditions described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please stop using the App immediately.
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You understand and agree that if you continuously use the Software after the date on which this Privacy Policy has changed, we will treat your use as acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.
1.User Age Restriction
The Service offered by us are not intended for children under 13 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Service. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
2.Information We Process and Purposes of Processing Your Information
Information that you authorize or submit to the Software
1)Permission to App Tracking Transparency.
We need you grant us to track your activity across other companies' apps and websites, so as to deliver personalized ads to you.If you refuse authorization, it will not affect your use of our other functions.
Information that is processed automatically
1)Technical Information.
We may use the API of IOS to collect certain technical information regarding your device, including the type, name and version of operating system: (i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)Type, name, and version of the operating system; (iii)Universally Unique IdentifierAdvertising ID; (iv) status of the WLAN; (v)Identifier For Advertising;(vi)Network access log information.
2)Usage Information. We may collect certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device, including the Software and Services, such as when and how you use the Software and Services, how frequently you use them.
3)Payment data.
We may use the API of IOS to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.[订阅]
3.Use of your information
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
1)to operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
2)to improve and customize the Software and the Service;
3)to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;
4)to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service;
5)to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
4.Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations we may share your information from tools like device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the App. We do not have power to control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal data with any third-party organizations, please contact us for more details or do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
1)as required by law;
2)when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
5.Paid Service
1)For any paid service offered by us (“Paid Service”), we accept payment via the current payment method indicated prior to purchase, which may include Apple Pay and any other form of payment that we make available to you from time to time. You must have a valid accepted form of payment on file in order to purchase Paid Services. You agree to abide by any relevant Terms of Service or other legal agreement whether with Apple or a third party, that governs your use of a given payment processing method. Prices for any Paid Service may change at any time, and we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering. You agree to pay for any Paid Service that you order. We will charge your credit card or other form of payment for the price listed on the relevant Paid Service offer, along with any additional amounts relating to applicable taxes, bank fees and currency fluctuations. If the payment method on file becomes invalid due to an expired credit card or other similar reason and we are unable to charge you on the billing period, we reserve the right to immediately revoke your access to any Paid Service you have ordered until you update your payment method. If you fail to update your payment method within a reasonable amount of time, we may cancel your Paid Service.
2)Please be aware that, as soon as you purchase the Paid Service, we will not refund the payment to you whether or not you use this Service.
6Changes to this Privacy Policy
As the App evolves, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information. By continuing to access or use the App after changes of this Privacy Policy become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
7.Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
8.Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory
We work in the international space and provide the App to our users around the world. We and third party that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
9.How Long We Use Your Personal Data
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the agreement between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
10.Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at [   zhiyinzhihui@163.com ]. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise these rights please contact us by email at: [  zhiyinzhihui@163.com  ] .
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it