Privacy Policy of
royalwalkumbrellas.com
At Rain Reminder, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy.
Data Collected
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, subscribe, participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address choose to provide.
We also use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Use of the Data
We only use your personal information to provide you the Rain Reminder services  the services.
We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized access of data about you that we store, including personal information.
We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, unless:
Doing so is appropriate to carry out your own request
We believe it's needed to enforce our legal agreements or that is legally required
We believe it's needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security or technical issues
Sharing of Data
We don't share your personal information with third parties. Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Website and service.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services' privacy policies.
Location
Mobile app using only first to time to access their Geo Location for showing current weather information. Application not storing the user location for tracking or any other reasons. User may disallowed to access their location and set their city to access their weather information.
Notification / Alert
User notify weather information as per their set time from setting. User having facility to notification off in the application.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure.
About Children
The Mobile app is not intended for children under the age of 4. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the mobile app from visitors in this age group.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
If we make major changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website or sending you an email.
User can contact to
support@app.royalwalkumbrellas.com
for further enquiry.