Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Published on: 2025-02-21
For providing you with this mobile application( the “App”or “Software” ) and related services( the“Services”), Wudi Hudong(Guangzhou)Technology Co.,Ltd( hereinafter referred to as“we”, “our”, or “us”) needs to collect some privacy information about you. We understand the importance of protecting your privacy. Therefore, we have established this Privacy Policy to explain how we treat your information and protect your privacy when you use the Software and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.
once you access, view or use the App, we consider you to consent the terms and conditions described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please stop using the App immediately.
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You understand and agree that if you continuously use the Software after the date on which this Privacy Policy has changed, we will treat your use as acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.
1.Information We collect form you
We will collect information provided by you during the use of the Software or information generated by the use of the Software in accordance with the following ways.
1.1 Information you provided or permission you granted to us
Permission to Access to the Camera and Photo Album.
In order to use certain features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photos in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and photo album.
Face Data.
Collection and processing of your facial features information.
When you use Hairstyle color special effects, photo aging special effects, portrait photo special effects features of the Software to process your facial photos, we will analyze the Face Data, recognize the position and shape of the five sense organs, and gender in the photos, then process them, and feedback the special effect photos to you.
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection and processing of your facial features information, we will promptly cease all such collection and processing.
The purposes we collect your facial features information.
We capture the facial features information only for operating the features for processing facial photos and providing better special effect photos for you.
Storage and sharing of your facial features information.
For such facial photos, facial features information and special effect photos, we will neither store in our server nor share them with any third parties after processing.
Permission to Access to the Storage.
To ensure that you may save photos or cache information normally to
your device, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the storage of your device.
1.2 Information may be automatically collected
Technical Information. We may collect certain technical information, which is regarding your device configuration and identifiers, and your use of the Software and Services, including your configuration and settings of the Software and Services; the type, name and version of operating system; Apple ID; Identifier For Advertising(IDFA);MAC address; status of the WLAN.
Usage Information. We may collect certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device, including the Software and Services, such as when and how you use the Software and Services, and how frequently you use them.
Payment data. We may collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
2.How we use youR information
Our main goal is to ensure your experience on the App is an enjoyable one. In order to deliver an enjoyable experience to you, we may use your information to
operate and update the Software and the Service, and offer you with existing and new services and features;
personalize the App and the content we deliver to you;
investigate fraud, protect our legal rights, and to enforce our Terms of Use.
comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
3.Disclosure of Your Information
We will not disclose your information, except in the limited circumstances described here:
Service Providers - We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us. We may share your personal information with these third parties, but only for the purposes of providing the Services, e.g. information technology companies (hardware and software) which provide services to support the Software.
Required by law- If we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the other users, our partners, or the general public).
Business Transfers -In the event that we or any of our affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal information.
We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.
4.Transfer of data outside your territory
4.1 We work in the international space and provide the Software to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
4.2 Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Service. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
5.Data Retention
5.1 We generally retain your information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the agreement between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your information and close your Account.
5.2 However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
6.Protection of Children
6.1 Although we want as many people as possible to enjoy the Service, you have to be at least 14 years old or reach the statutory minimum age according to the law and regulation in your country( the “Minimum Age”), in order to use the App.
6.2 We do not knowingly collect any information about or market to children under the Minimum Age. If you are less than the Minimum Age, we request that you do not submit information to us. If the collection of such information is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
7.Security
7.1 The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
7.2 We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal information to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
7.3 Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal information, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
7.4 If you have any questions about security of the Software, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
8.Your Privacy Rights
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your information which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Service. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.
9.Contact us
If you have any questions about the App or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to obtain a previous version of the current document, feel free to contact us at[wudihudong@outlook.com].
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it