Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your device ID, device type, geo-location information, and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address, and standard web log information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Use of Your Personal Data
Why do we collect, use and disclose personal information
to enable you to access and use our website, services and apps;
to operate, protect, improve and optimize our website, services, and app, business, and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing; to send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and the information requested by you;
to send you marketing and promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our business partners that we think you may find interesting;
to administer rewards, surveys, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to consider your employment application.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-04-05
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at tlabs.co.91@gmail.com.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it