Privacy Policy
Preface
This product is a combination of software and hardware provided by Shenzhen VeePai IoT Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd and Hongkong VeePai Technology Co., Limited. ( hereinafter referred to as " our " or " company "). Smart hardware devices include but are not limited to this product's smart hardware devices (hereinafter Referred to as " camera "), smart doorbell smart hardware device (hereinafter referred to as " doorbell "), after binding with the mobile client software (hereinafter referred to as " APP "), you can implement the management and control of smart hardware devices through APP. View real-time and historical videos shot by smart hardware devices. At the same time, we also provide the functions of image, video event alarm, sound event alarm, and voice intercom through APP. Thank you very much for your trust in us . We are well aware of the importance of personal information to users, and we are also well aware that providing effective protection for users' personal information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for using and trusting our products and services! We know that this trust is not easy to come by, and we will adopt corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the mature safety standards of the industry, and make this trust stronger.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we store your personal information
3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4. How do we protect your personal information
5. Your right to manage personal information
6. The protection of personal information of minors
7. The scope of the privacy policy
8. Changes and revisions of the privacy policy
9. How to contact us
10. The effectiveness of
the privacy policy We hope to explain to you through this privacy policy how we collect, use, store and share when using this product APP to control smart hardware devices And transfer your personal information and smart hardware device information, as well as the ways we provide you to access, update, delete and protect this information. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using the APP, and use our products or services after confirming your full understanding and consent. Once you start using the products and services of this product , it means that you have fully understood and agreed to this policy, and agreed that we collect, use, store and share your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact us through the various contact methods provided in this privacy policy.
1. How we collect and use your personal information
We will collect and use your personal information as described in this privacy policy. Among them, your sensitive information will be involved, including facial recognition characteristics, voiceprint information, location information of you and your family, and the purchase and consumption records of this product . The purpose and use of collecting and using this sensitive information are detailed in the following functions Description part. Once the personal sensitive information is leaked, illegally provided, or misused, it may endanger the safety of personal and property, and easily lead to personal reputation, physical and mental health damage, or discriminatory treatment. Therefore, we will adopt compliance technology to encrypt/secure the sensitive information that you explicitly agree to and actively provide to protect the security of your personal information.
We do not indirectly obtain personal information related to you through other channels for sharing, transferring, or collecting public information. If in the future it is necessary to obtain your personal information indirectly through other channels, we will only obtain the minimum amount of information necessary to realize the business functions of the product or service, and clearly inform you and ask for your express consent before collection and use. At the same time, we will ensure the legitimacy of the information source before collecting information, and understand the scope of authorization and consent for personal information processing that the personal information provider has obtained, including the purpose of use, authorization and consent to transfer, sharing, and public disclosure. If the personal information processing activities that we need to conduct business are beyond the scope of the authorization and consent, we will obtain your express consent within a reasonable period after obtaining the personal information or before processing the personal information.
The details of the purpose and purpose of our collection and use of your information are as follows:
(1) Realize the core functions of this product
Core functions refer to the basic functions that support the normal operation of the APP and provide services. If you do not agree that we must collect and use your personal information to provide you with services, you will not be able to use this product.
1. Information collected through registered accounts. After you install this product APP on your phone, you need to register on the APP or log in to our account to use it. When you register our account, you need to provide your mobile phone number and set the account password or use the one-key login function to register and log in. Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one-click login" function, after your express consent, the operator will send us your mobile phone number so that we can provide you with fast login services. If you refuse to provide a mobile phone number, you will not be able to use the "one-click login" method to register and log in to our account, but it will not affect your registration and login through other methods, nor will it affect the normal use of other functions. You can modify your profile picture, nickname and password through " My -> Modify Personal Information " .
When you cancel our account, we will stop using and delete the above information or anonymize your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
1.Binding smart hardware devices. After you log in to the APP, you can connect and bind the APP and smart hardware devices through sound wave induction. In order to realize the binding of APP and smart hardware device, we need to obtain your location information (used to obtain WiFi list), WiFi network information, smart hardware device and mobile phone switch and connected network status, smart hardware device model, mobile phone operation Maker, phone operating system and version, phone model, phone local storage space. The above information will be uploaded to our company's server to prevent other identities other than you from accessing and managing smart hardware devices and better protect the security of your information. You can unbind the smart hardware device and delete all your personal information related to the smart hardware device through "Settings -> Unbind and delete the camera", "Settings -> Unbind and delete the doorbell" .
View the video screen shot by the smart hardware device. After binding the smart hardware device, you can view the real-time video screen and historical video recorded by the smart hardware device through the APP. You can also save the video locally or share it with friends through third-party applications. When you share a video with your friends through a third party, we will not obtain any information about your third-party application (including related account information). When your mobile phone is connected to the WiFi network and logged in on the APP and has purchased the "cloud storage " service or has a memory card inserted in the mobile phone, you can view and manage the intelligence through the "cloud storage " and "TF card recording" of the APP Historical video records taken by hardware devices. When you use the "cloud storage" service, when the smart hardware device is turned on and connected to WiFi, we will encrypt all the videos recorded by the smart hardware device and upload it to our company's server to synchronize to different devices and pairs. Video files are protected, and such video files are only retained for 7 days; if you use the "card video" service, the video taken by the smart hardware device is only saved in your local area and will not be uploaded to our server.
Please note that the video recorded by smart hardware devices may record the facial features of you, your family members or third-party individuals. In order to protect the privacy information of all parties and respect the privacy rights of all parties, please install, use and control through APP For smart hardware devices, read and understand the " Product Exemption Agreement" through "My -> General Settings -> About" to fully understand the responsibilities, obligations and rights of both you and us. The video of the smart hardware device is an important private information for you and your family. If uploaded, we will strictly encrypt and store it on our server. The recorded video will not be used elsewhere or shared with a third party.
1. Control intelligent hardware device. After you bind the smart hardware device, you can control the camera's functions and services through "Camera->Settings" in the APP, including camera naming, real-time preview , alarm activation, message push , photo album, or through " System Settings" Control the functions of the doorbell, including doorbell monitoring range, open stay alarm, forced demolition alarm, and receive doorbell-related push messages. The information you set and provide will be uploaded to our server as instructions for smart hardware devices to realize the management and control of smart hardware devices.
2. Message Center feature. This function provides one month of all-day video recording and playback with the camera while ensuring that the camera is turned on . You can set the functions of the message center in " My -> Camera Settings -> Motion Detection Alarm " , including the detection period, sensitivity, and message type. At the same time, you can set the message reminding method through "My -> Motion Detection Alarm -> Reminder Method " . In order to receive message reminders in time, you need to enable system notification permissions and allow background operation. Your setting information and relevant information provided will be uploaded to our server, so that relevant instructions can be issued to the camera. You can also through the "My -> motion detection alarm -> prompt mode " turned off the message function, through the "My -> motion detection alarm -> prompt mode " to close the related news alerts. After closing, we will no longer provide you with alarm services or message reminders, but it will not affect your use of other functions.
(2) Realize the additional functions of this product
Additional functions refer to service functions other than core functions and third-party functions, and you need to choose to enable them. We will not collect your personal information for functions that you have not turned on. At the same time, you can turn off additional functions through the shutdown path mentioned below; after closing, we will no longer collect and use your personal information, and will not affect your use of the core functions of the APP.
1.Screencasts. This function allows you to take a screenshot of the video when you view the video recorded by the camera. You can view the screenshots and photos in " My- > Album " . Your screenshots will be uploaded to the server for simultaneous viewing on different devices. We will not use your screenshots and video recordings elsewhere, nor will we share them with third parties.
2.
    Human detect test. We will recognize the facial features of people photographed and recorded by smart hardware devices to realize the detection and reminder of strangers' changes and the safety protection of family members and families. You can view the list of people captured and related videos that appeared in front of smart hardware devices (especially doorbells) in the last two days. At the same time, you can make notes to family and friends who frequently appear in front of the camera to better monitor strangers' changes.
3.
    Sharing intelligent hardware device. You can invite friends to share smart hardware devices by sharing the QR code of smart hardware devices. When you share the QR code of your smart hardware device with your friends, we will not obtain any information about your account.
After the contact is invited, he can only view the real-time recording of the smart hardware device and all alarm message records at any time. You can manage the list of invited family members in "Settings -> Device Sharing " .
Purchase cloud storage. Cloud storage provides you with functional services to watch and save historical videos shot by smart hardware devices at any time through the APP. In order to use this feature, you need to purchase cloud storage. When you choose to purchase and pay for cloud storage package services for smart hardware devices, you can use third-party payment methods (including WeChat and Alipay) to achieve payment. We only obtain the cloud storage package type you purchased, the smart hardware device you selected, and the status information of whether the payment is successful, so as to provide you with relevant cloud storage services, and will not obtain any information about the third payment account.
(3) Realize the third-party functions of this product
Third-party functions refer to functions provided by third-party software and service providers. We will only share the necessary user data with third parties for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, clear, and for the purposes stated in this privacy policy, and when you expressly authorize and agree to it. Provide related services. We ensure that third parties will not use shared information for other purposes. At the same time, when you choose to use third-party functions and services, you need to provide your personal information in accordance with the requirements of the third party. The information you provide is directly uploaded to a third-party server, and we will neither obtain nor share any personal information about you with the third party. Before you use a third-party product, please carefully read the relevant agreement and policy of the third-party product, and abide by the third-party service agreement when using its product features.
(4) Device permission call
In the process of providing services, this product APP will call some device permissions of your mobile phone. The following are the business functions corresponding to the APP call permission, the purpose of the call permission, and the information you will be asked before the call permission. 
    You can choose to disable some or all of the permissions in the device's settings function, thereby denying APP to collect corresponding personal information. In different devices, the permission display method and closing method may be different. For details, please refer to the device and system developer's instructions or guidelines. 
    Please note that if you enable any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. If you close any permission, you cancel the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use the corresponding permissions. The use of relevant personal information will also stop providing you with corresponding services. However, the operation of turning off your authority will not affect the collection and use of information previously based on your authorization.
Device permissions
Corresponding business function
Purpose of calling permissions
Whether to ask
Can users turn off permissions
Phone permissions
Core functions
Used for risk control and ensuring operational safety
Yes
Yes
Location permissions
Core functions
Used for risk control and ensuring operational safety
Yes
Yes
Storage permissions
Core functions
Get a list of WiFi networks in your location, and realize that smart hardware devices connect to the WiFi network you choose
Yes
Yes
Camera permissions
Additional features
Add and share smart hardware devices by scanning the QR code
Yes
Yes
Microphone permissions
Additional features
Intercom
Yes
Yes
(5) Improve our products and services
Product improvement and optimization. In order to continuously improve our products, eliminate and reduce product crashes, and provide you with better product features and services, we will obtain the following information about your mobile phone and the bound smart hardware devices through the public interface of the mobile phone system: Mobile Identity Code (IMEI), Network Device Address (MAC), Operator, Mobile Phone Model, Mobile Phone System Version Number, System Number, System ID Number, Screen Resolution, Internet Type, APP Name, Version Number, Package Name , The province, city information where the phone is located, the time and frequency of APP use, and APP crash log information. It is used to count the number of users of our products, analyze the usage of the products, troubleshoot the causes of crashes, and optimize product functions. This information does not involve information related to your personal identity.
(6) Security
In order to improve the security of your use of the services provided by us, our affiliates and partners, protect your or other personal and property safety of you or the public from infringement, and better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, and network attacks , Network intrusion and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or our relevant agreement rules. We may use or integrate your account information, smart hardware information, APP usage information, and information that our affiliates and partners have obtained your authorization or shared in accordance with the law for identity verification, detection and prevention of security incidents, and take necessary actions in accordance with the law. Records, audits, analysis, and disposal measures.
(7) Exceptions for obtaining authorization
According to relevant laws and regulations, the collection of your personal information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
. Related to national security and national defense security;
. And public safety, public health, major public interest;
. With the criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and sentencing related to execution;
. For the maintenance of the legitimate interests of the major subject or other personal information personal life, property and so on but it is difficult to get your own consent;
. Personal information collected is that you open yourself to the public;
. Collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
. Necessary for signing a contract according to your requirements;
. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of product or service failures;
. Necessary for legal news reporting;
. When academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when they provide academic research or description results externally, they de-identify the personal information contained in the results;
. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
2. How do we store your personal information
The personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China and does not involve cross-border transmission. 
    In the future, if your relevant personal information undergoes cross-border data processing, if it is necessary to transmit relevant personal information collected in China to overseas institutions, we will implement it in accordance with laws, administrative regulations and relevant regulatory authorities. And before the cross-border data transmission, you will be asked for your consent and permission again before the data transmission. At the same time, we ensure that the location and purpose of data transmission will be specified in the privacy policy so that you can always know where your personal information is stored. At the same time, we will adopt corresponding encryption, anonymization and other technologies to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected during transmission. 
    We only store your personal information for the shortest period necessary for the purpose of this policy and within the time limit required by laws and regulations. In order to provide you with cloud storage services, the maximum storage time of videos captured by smart hardware on the server is based on the period of the " cloud storage " package you purchased . When you no longer use cloud storage , the relevant video files will not be stored on the server . If you stop using the APP or unbind the smart hardware, we will immediately stop collecting your personal information, anonymize the personal information you have provided to us, and delete it within 3 years. If we store your personal information for longer than the retention period (3 years), we will directly delete or anonymize your information. 
    If we stop operating our products or services, we will promptly stop continuing the activities of collecting your personal information, will notify you of the suspension of operations by delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we store deal with.
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(1) Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
.In obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
.We may be in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation dispute resolution needs, or by administrative, judicial requirements set forth by law, foreign share your personal information.
.Within the range permitted by the laws and regulations to safeguard us, our affiliates or partners, you or your or our other public interests, property or safety from harm and the need to share your personal information.
. Sharing between affiliated companies: In the case of our affiliates providing services to you or to us, we may share your personal information with our affiliates. However, we only share necessary personal information, and the processing of your information by related parties is subject to this privacy policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing your personal information, it will again seek your authorization and consent.
. Sharing and co-operation partners: We only for lawful, proper and necessary, specific, clear, and for the purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, and without your consent expressly authorized, we will Share necessary personal information (or the SMS or caller number you reported) with our suppliers, service providers, consultants, agents, third-party advertisers, application developers, open platforms or other partners, or aggregate Information, anonymized information, or other information that does not identify you personally (for example, we may tell application developers how many people have installed applications developed by them.) in order to provide better customers Service and user experience. These vendors, service providers, consultants, and agents may provide us with technical infrastructure services, analyze how our services are used, measure the effectiveness of advertising and services, provide customer service and payment services, conduct academic research and surveys, or Provide legal, financial and technical advisory services.
For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict data protection agreements with them, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(2) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any other companies, organizations or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
. With the development of our business, we and our affiliates have a possible merger, acquisition, transfer of assets or other similar transaction. If the relevant transaction involves the transfer of your personal information, we will require the companies, organizations and individuals that newly hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will require the companies, organizations and individuals to re-obtain your authorization and consent.
. To meet the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial rulings.
. In the case of your explicit consent of the transfer, that is after obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information we have obtained to other parties.
(3) Disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
1. We have obtained your explicit consent.
2. We may publicly disclose your personal information when required by laws, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities.
3. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to disclose your personal information in order to protect the interests, property or safety of us , our affiliates or partners, you or other our users or the public from damage.
4.
    Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. 
    According to laws and regulations, sharing and transferring personal information that has been de-identified, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of personal information does not belong to the external sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of personal information. Storage and processing will not need to notify you separately and obtain your consent.
4. How do we protect your personal information
We have adopted industry-standard security protection measures to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information.
.We attach great importance to the security of your personal information, will endeavor to take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information , at present, we have filed through the national Ministry of Public Security Information Systems Security level test, and received approval by the public security department issued a "national Information security level protection level three certification", at the same time, we have also passed the international authoritative ISO 27001 information security management system certification.
.We have identifiable personally identifiable information is encrypted transmission and storage, to ensure the confidentiality of data. For your mobile device identifier International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) and network device address (MAC), we will use MD5 algorithm for anonymization and encryption on your mobile device, and only collect and upload after anonymization and encryption The identifier.
.If you register our account, we may analyze the information by your login time, IP, logins, etc., and make proper risk control management. If there is a suspected login operation by someone other than the person, we will remind you via SMS to prevent our account from being logged in by someone other than the person. For the data exchange between your mobile phone and our client, we use our custom encryption scheme and https double encryption for transmission to ensure the security of data transmission.
.If our application using WebView technology, we will all file protocol used in the WebView URL-check and limit access to sensitive data and SDCard This application data, avoid any private files of our products without special permission of the situation And sensitive information is maliciously misappropriated, causing your personal information to be leaked.
.We deploy server access control mechanism, enough to take the minimum authorization principle might come into contact with the staff of your personal information, verification visits and regular access to records and personnel list.
.We store your personal information server systems are operating system after security reinforcement. We will conduct account audit and monitoring of server operations. If we find a server operating system that has security issues in an external announcement, we will update the server security as soon as possible to ensure the security of all our server systems and applications.
.Our staff is regularly held personal information protection laws and regulations training to strengthen your personal privacy protection awareness of staff.
.If the event of our physical, technical or administrative protective measures destruction of the unfortunate event, we will promptly activate contingency plans to prevent the expansion of security incidents, reported to the State authorities in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and to take timely push, and so on reasonable notice, In an effective way, inform you of the basic situation, possible impact, measures taken or measures to be taken, etc. of the security incident.
5. Your right to manage personal information
During your use of the APP, you can access and manage your personal information in the following ways:
(1) Access and correct your personal information
You can " I -> Edit Personal Information " correct your our account information and personal information you provide, including our account password, nickname , avatar and so on .
(2) Delete your personal information
You have the right to request our company to delete your personal information when the following situations occur :
1. We have collected your personal information without asking for your explicit consent.
2. Our processing of your personal information violates the requirements of laws and regulations.
3. We have violated our agreement with you to use and process your personal information.
4. You have cancelled our account, uninstalled, or no longer use our products (or services).
5. We stop providing services to you.
You can contact us to request the deletion of your personal information through the methods provided in section 9 of this privacy policy, and we will reply within 15 working days. When we delete your personal information from the server, we may not delete the corresponding data from the backup system immediately, but will delete this information when the system updates the backup information.
(3) Cancel your personal account
You can cancel your account at any time through " Me -> Account and Security " . Please note that if you choose to cancel your account, your account will be unavailable and the relevant account information will be cleared, and you will no longer be able to log in with your account and use our product features and services. 
    After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with the corresponding products (or services), and delete or anonymize your personal information within 10 working days, except where laws and regulations require us to save relevant information.
(4) Withdraw your consent or authorization
In the APP, you can withdraw your consent and authorization in the following ways.
(1) You can pass local phone "Settings -> Rights Management " to enter you this product licensed rights management interface, the withdrawal of this product, authorization and consent of APP.
(2) Through the specific closing path and method in the function description of the module of "1. How do we collect and use your personal information" of this privacy policy, close related functions or unbind smart hardware devices. Closing means withdrawing the authorization corresponding to the function. 
    Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (see the first section of this privacy policy). After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization. The corresponding personal information will no longer be processed. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
6. Protection of Personal Information of Minors
When minors use our products (or services), they need the consent and authorization of their guardians. We recommend that minors’ parents or guardians read this privacy policy for them, and we recommend that minors seek the consent and guidance of their parents or guardians before submitting personal information. If you are the guardian of a minor, when you have any questions about the personal information of the minor you are guarding, you can contact us through the contact information in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
7.The scope of application of the privacy policy
This privacy policy only applies to this product . Our other products and services will use the privacy policies of related products or services. Specifically, this privacy policy does not apply to the following situations:
1. Embedding our products (or services) into third-party products (or services), and information collected by third-party products (or services).
2. Information collected by third-party services, advertisements, or other companies, organizations or individuals that access our products (or services).
We hereby remind you that when you use third-party products and/or services, please carefully read the relevant user agreements and privacy policies shown to you by the third party, and keep and provide your personal information carefully.
8. Changes and revisions to the privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change. Without your explicit consent, we will not restrict your rights in accordance with this privacy policy. 
    For major changes to this privacy policy, we will also provide noticeable notifications (for example, when the APP is revised or upgraded, or you log in again, we will promptly notify you in the form of a pop-up window).
The major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Significant changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way of using personal information, etc.;
2. Significant changes have taken place in our control rights. Such as changes in the owner caused by mergers and acquisitions, etc.;
3. Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
4. Significant changes in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and how to exercise it;
5. We are responsible for processing When the department responsible for personal information security, contact information, and complaint channels change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report shows that there is a high risk.
9. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions or complaints about our privacy policy and the handling of your personal information, please contact us in the following ways. 
    Contact email : app@vstarcam.com Under normal circumstances, we will respond to your request within 15 working days.
10. Effectiveness of Privacy Policy
Updated versions of this Privacy Policy in 2020 1 2 Yue 15 days, will be held in 2020 1 2 Yue 15 officially effective date.
Appendix 1 Interpretation of Terms
.Personal information: refers to various information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Personal information includes: basic information (including personal name, birthday, gender, address, personal phone number, e-mail address); personal identification information (including ID card, military ID, passport, driving license, etc.); personal biometric information (including voice Fingerprints, fingerprints, facial features, etc.); network identification information (including system account numbers, IP addresses, etc.); personal property information (including bank accounts, transaction and consumption records, game redemption codes and other virtual property information); personal communication information ( Including the contents of the address book, etc.); personal Internet records (including website browsing records, software usage records, click records, etc.); personal common device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, software list, unique device identification code (such as IMEI/IDFA) /AndroidID/OPENUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI information and other information describing the basic situation of personal commonly used equipment); personal location information (including whereabouts, precise positioning information, accommodation information, latitude and longitude, etc.).
.Sensitive personal information: that when disclosed, might harm or abuse of illegally providing personal and property safety, can easily lead to personal reputation, physical and mental damage or discriminatory treatment and other personal information, including sensitive personal information: personal property information (including bank Accounts, transaction and consumption records, game redemption codes and other virtual property information); personal biometric information (including voiceprints, fingerprints, facial features, etc.); personal identification information (including ID cards, military IDs, passports, driving licenses, etc.) ; Other information (including address book, whereabouts, web browsing records, accommodation information, precise positioning information).
.To the identification of:refers to the technical processing of personal information, so that in the case without the aid of additional information, the identification process can not be the subject of personal information.
.Anonymization: refers to the process of technical processing of personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored.
.Personal information deleted:refers to the removal of personal information in the system behavior to achieve their daily business functions involved in, to keep it can not be retrieved, a state visit.
.Children: refers to minors under 14 years of age.
Appendix 2 Description of third-party SDK partners and shared information
In order to ensure the realization of the relevant functions of this product and the safe and stable operation of the application, we may access a software development kit (SDK) provided by a third party for related purposes.
We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software tool development kit (SDK) used by our partners to obtain information to protect data security. 
    The relevant third-party SDKs that we access are listed in the catalog. We recommend that you carefully read and understand the third-party privacy policies. The third-party SDK information currently connected to this product is as follows:
Partner type
Partner name
Cooperation purpose
cooperation method
Shared personal information fields
Privacy Policy
Third-party payment service partners
Alipay open platform
Provide third-party payment services
Embed third-party SDK
no
https://render.alipay.com/p/c/k2cx0tg8
Social service partners, third-party payment service partners
WeChat Open Platform
Provide third-party login sharing services and third-party payment services
Embed third-party SDK
no
https://mp.weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/announce?action=getannouncement&key=1503979103&version=1&lang=zh_CN&platform=2
Message push service partner
Xiaomi Open Platform
Provide Xiaomi device message push service
Embedded third-party SDK, SDK collects and transmits personal information
Device MAC address, unique device identification code, location information, application list
https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822
Message push service partner
Huawei Push Service
Provide Huawei device message push service
Embedded third-party SDK, SDK collects and transmits personal information
Unique device identification code
https://consumer.huawei.com/cn/privacy/privacy-policy/
Message push service partner
OPPO Push Service
Provide OPPO device message push service
Embedded third-party SDK, SDK collects and transmits personal information
Unique device identification code
https://www.oppo.com/cn/privacy/
Message push service partner
VIVO Push Service
Provide VIVO device message push service
Embedded third-party SDK, SDK collects and transmits personal information
Unique device identification code
https://www.vivo.com.cn/about-vivo/privacy-policy
Message push service partner
Push service
Provide mobile client message push service
Embed a third-party SDK, the SDK collects and transmits personal information
Device MAC address, unique device identification code, location information, application list
https://www.getui.com/privacy
Third-party customer service partners
Meicha Customer Service
Provide professional customer service communication window and visit data statistics
Embed a third-party SDK, the SDK collects and transmits personal information
Unique device identification code , user alias avatar information
https://meiqia.com/privacy-clause
Social service partners
ShareContent ( MobSDK)
Provide third-party login and sharing services
Embed a third-party SDK
Unique device identification code , user alias avatar information
https://www.mob.com/about/policy
Third-party payment service partners
Beecloud
Provide third-party payment services
Embed a third-party SDK
Unique device identification code , time, purchase content
http://beecloud.cn/dashboard/modules/usersetting/data/BeecloudAgreement.html
Data storage service partner
Qiniu Cloud
Provide third-party data storage services
Embed a third-party SDK, the SDK collects and transmits personal information
Device MAC address, unique device identification code, user profile picture information
https://www.qiniu.com/privacy-right
Data analysis service partner
【Bugly】 platform
Provide professional exception reporting and operation statistics
Embed a third-party SDK, the SDK collects and transmits personal information
Unique device identification code
https://bugly.qq.com/v2/contract
Update date of this edition: July 06, 2021
Effective date: July 06, 2021