Privacy Notice
We at
CIMB Bank PH
understand the importance and value of our Customers’ personal information and data privacy. We strive to ensure the protection, security, and integrity of any personal information we process. Our systems and processes abide by strict international and local standards, in compliance with law and regulatory requirements.
We commit to respecting, maintaining, protecting, and safeguarding the privacy of YOUR personal information.
WHAT ARE YOUR DATA PRIVACY RIGHTS?
You have the right to reasonable access, upon demand, of your personal data.
Right to rectification of personal data or to make a data correction request if you believe that your personal data is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading and/or not up to date.
Right to erase or block your personal data, or to request us to suspend, withdraw or order the blocking, removal, or destruction of your personal data from our system. Kindly note that this right is subject to relevant laws, and rules and regulations that may affect us.
You also have the right to damages for any consequences sustained due to inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, false, unlawfully obtained, or unauthorized use of your personal data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing, automated processing, or profiling.
You have the right to be informed whether any personal data related to you shall be, are being, or have been processed, including the existence of automated decision-making and profiling.
You have the right to data portability, i.e., you may obtain from us a copy of your personal data or have the same transmitted to another party in an electronic or structured format.
Finally, you have the right to file a complaint if your personal data has been misused, maliciously disclosed, or improperly disposed, or any of these data privacy rights have been violated. You may file your complaint with the National Privacy Commission of the Philippines.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Your personal information and sensitive personal information, including images submitted to us (selfies, pictures, and IDs).
What is personal information and sensitive personal information?
“Personal information” refers to any information that can identify a person, or information that when put together with other information would identify an individual. Example: Full Name and Picture.
“Sensitive Personal Information” refers to specific personal information that identifies and distinguishes a person even further. Example:
Race, ethnic origin, marital status, age, color, and religious, philosophical, or political affiliations.
Health, education, or genetic life of a person.
Any offense committed or alleged to have been committed, or the result of any case or investigation.
Information issued by government agencies specific to a person, such as UMID No. or SSS No.
Classified or confidential information as defined by law.
(collectively personal information and sensitive personal information are “personal data”)
WHY DO WE COLLECT?
We need to confirm your identity.
To verify your financial standing, creditworthiness, or suitability for any of our products or services.
HOW DO WE COLLECT THESE INFORMATION?
Through the application forms or customer surveys you fill up.
Through any verbal or written communications you have with us which were initiated through our official channels, i.e. via our mobile app, customer hotline or email.
We also gather information through our analysis of the way you use and manage your account with us, including transactions and payments made.
We may ask also other parties connected with you to verify your information, such as employers, joint account holders, security providers, guarantors, and indemnitors. Sometimes our source may include other parties you have given your information to and consented to share your information with (unless otherwise restricted).
When you visit our websites, cookies in our site may collect information you supply including your computer’s IP address and location.
DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will otherwise treat your personal data as private and confidential and will not disclose your information to anyone outside CIMB Bank PH except:
Where you have given permission.
Where we are required or permitted to do so by law, by any legitimate order of court, tribunal, or authority, whether governmental or quasi-governmental.
Where we are required to meet our obligations to any relevant regulatory authority.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Please be assured that we will ask for your consent before using your personal data for any purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Notice and in the privacy terms in your Agreement(s) with us.
Among others, we use your information to:
Update and monitor transactions concerning your account/s with us or any product/s you have applied for.
Help us manage our relationship with you. We strive to give our Customers the best possible product and services, learning about our Customer helps us anticipate your needs.
Contact you and give you information on third party products, services, offers, or contests which may be of interest to you. We do not want you to miss any of our great deals and promos!
Individual entities within the CIMB Bank PH, our merchants and strategic partners may also contact you about products, services and offers, which we believe may be of interest to you or benefit you financially.
Notify you about benefits and changes to the features of products and services.
Update your Personal Data and to improve the accuracy of your records with us.
Contact you in case we may need to respond to your enquiries, complaints, or related disputes.
With CIMB Bank
We also use your information for the following, among others:
Produce data, reports, and statistics on our Customers. These data and reports are usually anonymized or aggregated in a manner and does not identify you as an individual.
Conduct research for analytical purposes, including analysis of your transactions with us.
Transfer or assign our rights, interests, and obligations under any of your agreements with us.
Conduct anti-money laundering checks, for crime detection, investigation, prevention, and prosecution.
Under the Law
We may use your information for any other purpose that is required or permitted by any law, regulations, guidelines and/or relevant regulatory authorities, including sharing or disclosing your information to government or regulatory authorities.
On Cookies
We use cookies for a number of purposes, including to store your preference for certain types of information or products, or further analysis for the purpose of providing products and services to you, or to improve our products and personalize our services to you. You may change or limit the application of cookies by adjusting the cookie settings in your browser of choice. Please refer to your browser documentation for other information on cookies and tracking tools.
MAY I CHOOSE NOT TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATION FROM YOU REGARDING PROMOS, CONTEST, PRODUCTS OR OTHER BENEFITS?
Yes! You may choose to opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional communications from CIMB Bank PH at any time. Simply follow the opt-out or unsubscribe steps provided in the channel/s you wish to stop receiving communications. The opt-out shall be determined on a per channel level. You may incur additional costs for opting out of communications depending on the policy of the channel.
Please note that the opt-out only affects marketing or promotional communications. We cannot remove certain communications, such as but not limited to, customer advisories, transaction histories, security tips, and other regulatory requirements. Removal of these may affect the delivery and provision of our services and products, and the operation of your account(s) or facility(ies) with us.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
In line with providing you with our best products and services, we may be required or need to disclose information about you and your accounts or facilities with us (as well as with other CIMB entities in or outside Philippines) to the following third parties:
Companies and/or organizations that act as our agents, affiliates, service providers, business partners, professional advisers, or other banks and/or financial institutions, within or outside Philippines.
Companies and/or organizations that provide services to us in communicating our products and services to you.
Your advisers (including but not limited to accountants, auditors, lawyers, financial advisers, or other professional advisers) where authorized by you.
Any other person notified by you as authorized to manage or use your account(s) or facility(ies) or products or services on your behalf.
Any third party as a result of any restructuring of facilities granted to you or the sale of debts, or the acquisition or sale of any company by CIMB Bank PH, provided that any recipient uses your information for the same purposes as it was originally supplied to us or used by us.
Any guarantors or security providers for the facility(ies) granted to you.
Any person intending to settle any moneys outstanding under the facility(ies) granted to you.
Any rating agency, insurer, or insurance broker or direct or indirect provider of credit protection.
Any financial institutions, merchants, VISA International Services Association, MasterCard International Incorporated and other card associations in relation to any credit card and/or debit card issued to you by us.
Any person connected to the enforcement or preservation of any of legal rights under your Agreement(s) with us.
Please note that we will only disclose your personal data (which will not include information relating to your affairs or accounts) to our merchants and strategic partners where your express prior consent has been obtained, and subject always to any laws, regulations, guidelines or obligations applicable to us.
HOW DO I ACCESS MY PERSONAL DATA?
Where you wish to have access to your personal data in CIMB Bank PH’s possession, or where you are of the opinion that such personal data held by us is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or not up-to-date, you may change it yourself on your CIMB Bank PH Mobile App on Profile & Setting menu.
CIMB Bank PH may withhold access to your personal data in certain situations, for example when we are unable to confirm your identity or where information requested for is of a confidential commercial nature or in the event, we receive repeated requests for the same information. We will always notify you of the reasons for not being able to grant your access request.
HOW DO I UPDATE MY PERSONAL DATA?
We encourage you to always keep your personal data (such as your mailing address or mobile number) up to date on your CIMB Bank PH mobile app, as it will enable us to serve you better.
If the information you wish to update is not available for update on your CIMB Bank PH Mobile App, you may contact our Customer Service Channels by dialing #2462 on your phone or +632-8-924-2462 via landline. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request to access or correct your personal data within fourteen (14) banking days of receiving your duly completed consent and supporting document (if any).
We may use our discretion in allowing the corrections requested or may require further documentary evidence on the latest information to avoid fraud and inaccuracy.
DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Yes. We will retain your personal data in compliance with this Privacy Notice and the terms and conditions of your Agreement(s) with us.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We are legally obliged to retain your information during the entire duration of your relationship with us. After such a relationship ends, we are also legally required to retain Customer information within a certain period under applicable laws and regulations in effect at the time.
I WANT TO DISCLOSE OR RETAIN OR DELETE MY PERSONAL DATA STORED WITH YOU. AM I ALLOWED?
You may at all times exercise your choice in respect of the disclosure, retention, and use of your personal data, however this shall be subject to relevant laws and regulations and to the contractual rights and obligations stipulated in any Agreement made between us.
WHO CAN I CONTACT REGARDING MY PERSONAL DATA?
Your privacy matters to us, so please take the time to get to know our practices and if you need further information, please contact our Customer Care Team by calling #CIMB (#2462). For Data Privacy inquiries and concerns please contact us at
CIMBPH_DPO@cimb.com
.
All non-data privacy emails sent to the DPO email address may not be responded to. Kindly refer to the contact information found here (
Contact Us | CIMB Bank PH
) for other concerns or inquiries.
This Privacy Notice may be revised from time to time. Notice of any such revision will be given on CIMB Bank PH’s website and/or by such other means of communication deemed suitable by CIMB Bank PH.