Genopets, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 21, 2022
table of contents
.
Who’s This Policy For And What Does It Cover?
1
.
What is “Personal Information”?
1
.
Personal Information We Collect And How We Collect It
2
.
How We Use Personal Information
3
.
How We Share Personal Information
3
.
Cookies And Online Tracking
4
.
Your Rights And Choices
6
.
Links To Third Party Sites
6
.
Children’s Privacy
6
.
Data Subjects In The EEA, United Kingdom and Switzerland
6
.
Changes To This Policy
8
.
Contact Us
8
1. Who’s This Policy For And What Does It Cover?
Witty Elite Limited, a British Virgin Islands company operating Genopets.me (“Genopets” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we may collect, use, and share Personal Information in connection with operating our “Site,”
www.genopets.me
, and the online service we provide to create Non Fungible Tokens (NFTs) on the Solana blockchain which you will use in the Service while playing the Genopets game (the “Service”). It also explains related rights and choices you may have. Rights described in this Policy may not apply if you are using the Site or Service as an agent of an organization that is our customer.
You may see other privacy notices when we collect your Personal Information for certain purposes. Those notices supplement this Policy. This Policy also contains
a statement specific to individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom and Switzerland.
That statement supplements the rest of this Policy, but to the extent it differs from other parts of the Policy, the statement governs with respect to those areas.
We are not an affiliate of the Solana Foundation. (“Solana”), which operates the blockchain that Geopets is on.
2. What is “Personal Information”?
When we say “Personal Information,” we mean information that can reasonably be linked to a particular individual, as defined in laws that may apply to you. Generally speaking, this includes your unique identifiers (full name, phone number, email address, account number, etc.), and information about your characteristics, conditions or behavior that is associated with one of your identifiers or could otherwise reasonably be linked to you.
“Non-Personal Information,” on the other hand, has been anonymized, aggregated or de-identified such that it cannot reasonably be linked to a particular individual.
3. Personal Information We Collect And How We Collect It
Categories
While we may disclose other categories to you at the point of collection, the categories of Personal Information that we generally collect include:
“Identifiers,” such as first and last name, address, email address, phone number, social media address, user name, signature, IP address, cookie ID and similar information.
“Images Uploaded,” such as to your profile photo on the account page. This photo will be displayed on your profile. We use your profile photo to help you identify yourself to other users. For example, your profile photo may be displayed in search results, in user lists, and in other places on our platform where you interact with other users.
“Demographic Information,” such as age and similar information. Demographic Information may include legally protected classifications.
“Financial Information,” such as payment card information (which a trusted vendor collects and processes on our behalf)
“Commercial Information,” such as service or features purchased, obtained or considered, or information about how you use our Service
“Professional or Employment Information,” such as job title and business or employer name.
“Internet Activity,” such as device or browser information, comments or other content posted to our Service or shared with us via email, browsing activity, social media content, interactions with our Service, and interactions with marketing communications sent on our behalf.
“Geolocation Data,” such as your approximate geographic location at the time you access our Service
“Fitness Data” such as steps and activity. HealthKit and GoogleFit are used to synchronize Steps and Activity, so that Genopets can import step count data and distance used in the game.
“Google API Data” Genopets' use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.”
Collection Sources
From You When You Provide It.
We may collect Personal Information from you directly when you fill out a form on the Site; create a user account; use the Service; pay for use of the Service; subscribe to receive communications from us; call to make an inquiry; interact with us on social media; or otherwise communicate with us.
Automatically From Your Device.
Like most online services, our Site and Service may passively collect some information from users’ devices in order to make features function correctly, customize the user experience, understand how the Site or Service is being used, or measure the effectiveness of marketing efforts. Some of this data may be collected through the use of browser cookies or similar online tracking tools, which are explained
below.
In some cases, we limit this type of collection to Non-Personal Information. However, this data may include Personal Information such as online Identifiers and Internet Activity in some circumstances.
From Third Party Sources.
We may obtain information about you from other third party sources. For example, we may collect Identifiers, Professional or Employment Information, or Internet Activity that you have chosen to disclose on social media platforms.
We may combine information collected from other sources with information collected from you or your device. To the extent the information, alone or in combination, constitutes Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information as described in this Policy.
4. How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes, subject to legal restrictions in certain areas:
To present our Site and Service and analyze how they are used;
To secure our Site and Service against fraud, malicious activity, or conduct that may violate our terms of use;
To personalize and improve your experience with the Site or Service;
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To notify you about changes to our Site and Service and any products or services we offer or provide though them;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on the Service;
To process payment for use of the Service;
To provide you with periodic product newsletters and offers;
To contact you and provide you with help if you have a customer service issues;
To contact you to fill out surveys and participate in other types of market research;
To notify you of new products or services we think you might be interested in;
To comply with our legal obligations
In any other way we may describe when we collect the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose.
5. How We Share Personal Information
Vendors
We may share Personal Information with contractors, service providers, and other vendors who provide services to us. Examples of these services include hosting our website, storing data, performing analytics, processing payments, or sending marketing communications.
Where necessary and appropriate, our agreements with vendors prohibit them from retaining, using or disclosing the Personal Information we share with them for any purpose other than providing services to us.
Analytics, Social Media and Advertising Partners
We may share your Personal Information with analytics providers, advertising networks, or social media companies to measure performance of our Site or marketing efforts, offer social media features, or deliver interest-based advertising. This sharing may involve the use of “Cookies” placed through our Site or Service by our partners,
as explained here.
For example, when you visit our Site, our partner’s Cookie may cause your browser to automatically send a request to our partner’s server and provide our partner with your IP address, other Identifiers, and Internet Activity.
Mandatory Disclosures And Legal Proceedings
We may have a legal obligation to disclose Personal Information to government authorities or other third parties pursuant to a valid regulatory request, subpoena or court order. We may also need to disclose and otherwise process your Personal Information in accordance with applicable law to prevent physical harm or financial loss, protect the vital interests of a person, enforce our various policies or terms of use, protect our property, services and legal rights, prevent fraud, support auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions, or comply with applicable law.
Change In Control Or Merger
We may transfer your information in the event of the sale of substantially all of the assets of our business to a third-party or in the event of a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition or reorganization. However, in such event, any acquirer will be subject to the provisions of our commitments to you or we will not disclose your information.
With Your Direction Or Consent
We will share your Personal Information with other third parties as you may direct or otherwise consent.
6. Cookies And Online Tracking
What Are Cookies?
A browser cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores in your device’s browser. It holds information that the site uses to function properly, remember your preferences, or personalize your experience. A typical cookie contains a cookie ID, which is a unique string of characters used to identify your browser during the browsing session, or in some cases, during subsequent browsing sessions. Cookies, cookie ID’s and similar pieces of data may be considered Personal Information (Identifiers or Internet Activity) under applicable law.
Other online technologies, similar to cookies, may allow users to be identified and tracked across multiple browsing sessions, and in some cases tracked across different websites and online services for marketing or advertising purposes. These technologies include, but are not necessarily limited to, pixels, web beacons and scripts (collectively with browser cookies, “Cookies”).
How We May Use Cookies
Our Site uses “first party” Cookies, which are set by our web domain (genopets.me). Our Site also uses some “third party” Cookies, which are set by other web domains associated with our vendors or partners. This means that, when you visit our Site, your browser may automatically connect to our partner’s web server, as well as ours, and provide our partner with access to your online Identifiers and Internet Activity.
We use Cookies for the following purposes:
Essential:
Essential Cookies are necessary in order to enable you to move around our Site and use its features.
Analytics:
Analytics Cookies allow us to analyze use of our Site or Service to evaluate and improve performance.
Marketing:
Marketing Cookies are used to display ads or other content based on your interests, or to measure performance of marketing efforts, and may be used to track visitors across different online services.
Where required by applicable law, we will not use non-essential Cookies unless you provide consent or another lawful basis for their use applies.
We use Cookies and related business tools provided by Google:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
How You Can Block Cookies
You can block, disable or delete cookies at any time by changing the settings in your browser. However, blocking, disabling, or deleting cookies may limit your ability to view all the pages of our site or other sites. You can find more information about Cookies and other options you may have for restricting them at
www.cookiesandyou.com/
,
www.aboutads.info/choices
and
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
“Do Not Track”
Your browser may offer a Do Not Track (DNT) setting. If you turn that setting on, your browser sends a signal to websites indicating that you don’t want to be tracked over time or across third party sites. We don’t currently respond to these signals because there is not yet a common understanding of how to process them or a consensus on what “tracking” means.
7. Your Rights And Choices
Opt-Out Of Marketing Communications
You may opt-out of our marketing emails by using the unsubscribe link provided in the email.
Your Browser And Device Settings
See
Section 6
for options to restrict Cookies.
Area-Specific Rights And Choices
If you are in
the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland
, you may have other rights and choices.
8. Links To Third Party Sites
Our online Services may contain links to third-party websites, products or services. If you use these links, you will leave our site. Such links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by us of the third party, the third-party website or the information contained therein, and we shall not be responsible or liable for your use thereof. Such use shall be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to those sites.
9. Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or process Personal Information from individuals under the age of 13 without appropriate consent.
10. Data Subjects In The EEA, United Kingdom and Switzerland
Data Controller
Personal Information that we collect regarding individuals who reside in a member state of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) is controlled by Witty Elite Limited, a British Virgin Islands company operating Genopets.me. Here is
Genopets’s contact information.
Lawful Bases For Processing
We may process your Personal Information for the purposes described above if at least one of the following grounds for processing applies:
Processing is necessary for us to perform a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
Processing fulfills our legitimate interests in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Our legitimate interests include: protecting our Service against malicious intrusions and unauthorized use; maintaining and improving our Services; understanding how our Services are used; personalizing our Services; promoting our Services effectively; and complying with legal obligations and protecting our legal rights.
Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another individual;
You have consented to the processing
Automated Decision Making
We do not make any decisions involving the use of algorithms or profiling that significantly affects you.
Your Rights Under GDPR
The GDPR provides you with the following rights, which you can exercise by contacting us:
The right to request access to and rectification of your personal information.
You may obtain additional information about our processing and a copy of your stored information. You also have the right to request that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request erasure of your personal information.
You may request for us to erase your information from our systems if it is no longer necessary for the reason we collected it, or you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists.
The right to restrict our processing of your personal information.
You have the right to restrict our processing if: (1) you disagree with the accuracy of your information; (2) our processing is deemed unlawful and you do not want us to erase your information; or (3) we no longer need your information for the purposes for which we collected it but we must store it to comply with our legal obligations.
The right to data portability.
You may receive and transmit your personal information to another controller where our processing is based on consent you gave us and was carried out by automated means.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information where we process it because of a legitimate interest.
You also have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority of your member state.
11. Changes To This Policy
We will update this Policy from time to time as necessary to reflect changes in applicable law, our privacy practices, or our Services. If we have your contact information, we will notify you of material changes, and you should periodically review this Policy to remain aware of our current practices.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or our practices, or wish to exercise your rights regarding your Personal Information under applicable law, please contact us directly at:
Witty Elite Limited
Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.
hello@genopets.me
© 2025 genopets all rights reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Media Kit
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Media Kit
© 2025 genopets all rights reserved
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語