Privacy Policy
Next-Generation Collectible Portfolio Management
Effective 26th
            day of December, 2021
www.getcollectr.com (the "Site") is owned and operated by Collectr
            Inc.. Collectr Inc. is the data controller and can be contacted at:
9131 Keele St., Suite A4
Vaughan, Ontario, L4K
            0G7
Canada
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") is
            to inform users of our Site of the following:
The personal data we will collect;
Use of collected data;
Who has access to the data collected;
The rights of Site users; and
The Site's cookie policy.
This Privacy Policy applies in addition to the terms and conditions
            of our Site.
GDPR
For users in the European Union, we adhere to the
              Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the
              Council of 27 April 2016, known as the General Data Protection
              Regulation (the "GDPR"). For users in the United Kingdom, we
              adhere to the GDPR as enshrined in the Data Protection Act 2018.
Consent
By using our Site users agree that they consent to:
The conditions set out in this Privacy Policy.
When the legal basis for us processing your personal data is that
              you have provided your consent to that processing, you may
              withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent,
              it will not make processing which we completed before you withdrew
              your consent unlawful.
You can withdraw your consent by: Contacting the Data Protection
              Officer.
Legal Basis for Processing
We collect and process personal data about users in the EU
              only when we have a legal basis for doing so under Article 6 of
              the GDPR.
We rely on the following legal basis to
              collect and process the personal data of users in the EU:
Users have provided their consent to the processing of their
                  data for one or more specific purposes.
Personal Data We Collect
We only collect data that helps us achieve the purpose set
            out in this Privacy Policy. We will not collect any additional data
            beyond the data listed below without notifying you first.
Data Collected Automatically
When you visit and use our Site, we may automatically collect
            and store the following information:
IP address;
Location;
Hardware and software details;
Clicked links; and
Content viewed.
Data Collected in a Non-Automatic Way
We may also collect the following data when you perform
            certain functions on our Site:
First and last name;
Email address;
Phone number;
Address;
Payment information; and
Auto fill data.
This data may be collected using the following methods:
Creating an account.
How We Use Personal Data
Data collected on our Site will only be used for the purposes
            specified in this Privacy Policy or indicated on the relevant pages
            of our Site. We will not use your data beyond what we disclose in
            this Privacy Policy.
The data we collect automatically is
            used for the following purposes:
Statistics.
The data we collect when the user performs certain functions may be
            used for the following purposes:
Communication.
Who We Share Personal Data With
Employees
We may disclose user data to any member of our organization
            who reasonably needs access to user data to achieve the purposes set
            out in this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures
We will not sell or share your data with other third
              parties, except in the following cases:
If the law requires it;
If it is required for any legal proceeding;
To prove or protect our legal rights; and
To buyers or potential buyers of this company in the event
                  that we seek to sell the company.
If you follow hyperlinks from our Site to another Site, please
              note that we are not responsible for and have no control over
              their privacy policies and practices.
How Long We Store Personal Data
User data will be stored until the purpose the data was
            collected for has been achieved.
You will be notified if
            your data is kept for longer than this period.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
In order to protect your security, we use the strongest
            available browser encryption and store all of our data on servers in
            secure facilities. All data is only accessible to our employees. Our
            employees are bound by strict confidentiality agreements and a
            breach of this agreement would result in the employee's
            termination.
While we take all reasonable precautions to
            ensure that user data is secure and that users are protected, there
            always remains the risk of harm. The Internet as a whole can be
            insecure at times and therefore we are unable to guarantee the
            security of user data beyond what is reasonably practical.
Your Rights as a User
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed;
Right of access;
Right to rectification;
Right to erasure;
Right to restrict processing;
Right to data portability; and
Right to object.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from
              children under 16 years of age. If we learn that we have collected
              personal data from a child under 16 years of age, the personal
              data will be deleted as soon as possible. If a child under 16
              years of age has provided us with personal data their parent or
              guardian may contact our data protection officer.
How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data
              Collected
If you would like to know if we have collected your personal
            data, how we have used your personal data, if we have disclosed your
            personal data and to who we disclosed your personal data, if you
            would like your data to be deleted or modified in any way, or if you
            would like to exercise any of your other rights under the GDPR,
            please contact our data protection officer here:
Collectr
            Inc
9131 Keele St., Suite A4
Vaughan, Ontario, L4K 0G7
Canada
Do Not Track Notice
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that you can
              set in certain web browsers. We do not track the users of our Site
              over time and across third party websites and therefore do not
              respond to browser-initiated DNT signals.
How to Opt-Out of Data Collection, Use or Disclosure
In addition to the method(s) described in the
How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data
                Collected
section, we provide the following specific opt-out methods for the
              forms of collection, use, or disclosure of your personal data
              specified below:
You can opt-out of the use of your personal data for
                  marketing emails. You can opt-out by clicking "unsubscribe" on
                  the bottom of any marketing email or updating your email
                  preferences under "Your Account"
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file, stored on a user's hard drive by
              a website. Its purpose is to collect data relating to the user's
              browsing habits. You can choose to be notified each time a cookie
              is transmitted. You can also choose to disable cookies entirely in
              your internet browser, but this may decrease the quality of your
              user experience.
We use the following types of cookies on our Site:
Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies allow us to improve the design and
                functionality of our Site by collecting data on how you access
                our Site, for example data on the content you access, how long
                you stay on our Site, etc;
Targeting cookies
Targeting cookies collect data on how you use the Site
                and your preferences. This allows us to personalize the
                information you see on our Site for you; and
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies are created by a website other than
                ours. We may use third-party cookies to achieve the following
                purposes:
Monitor user preferences to tailor advertisements around
                      their interests.
Modifications
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time in order
            to maintain compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to
            our data collection process. When we amend this Privacy Policy we
            will update the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
            We recommend that our users periodically review our Privacy Policy
            to ensure that they are notified of any updates. If necessary, we
            may notify users by email of changes to this Privacy Policy.
Complaints
If you have any complaints about how we process your personal
            data, please contact us through the contact methods listed in the
Contact Information
section so that we can, where possible, resolve the issue. If you
            feel we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner you
            may contact a supervisory authority. You also have the right to
            directly make a complaint to a supervisory authority. You can lodge
            a complaint with a supervisory authority by contacting the
            Information Commissioner's Office in the UK, Data Protection
            Commission in Ireland.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints, you can
            contact our data protection officer, Collectr Inc, at:
9131
            Keele St., Suite A4
Vaughan, Ontario, L4K 0G7
Canada