Privacy Policy
GlucoRx Limited (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms and Conditions and any other documents referred to on
it) sets out the basis on which any validly obtained personal data, for which you have provided consent, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat them. By visiting www.glucorxaidex.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.  By downloading, installing, and accessing our GlucoRx Aidex software application, this includes Android App, iOS App, Web portal on www.glucorxaidex.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the General Data Protection Regulation (the Regulation) 2016, the data controller is GlucoRx Limited of Unit 1C Henley Business park, Pirbright Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU3 2DX, United Kingdom.
Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Regulation is Mr Nilesh Nathwani.
Our staff are trained in data and security protection
ii) Automatic monitoring/patching of our platform to ensure their personal information is kept secure
iii) Legally binding contracts with 3rd parties to ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of their personal information
iv) Sharing of data with 3rd parties will be transferred using highest levels of encryption available
v) Limit access to personal information to only those staff who need access to perform their role
vi) App development is conducted against anonymised data in separate development area.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site
www.glucorxaidex.com
, www.glucorx.co.uk (our sites) or GlucoRx Aidex App or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, personal description and photograph.
Information we collect about you.
Regarding your use of the App or each of your visits to our site, we may automatically collect the following information:
Your name and email address. The following are optional: address, phone number, date of birth, gender, height, weight, diabetes type.
We may ask you whether you want to enable location services on the App. When you enable location services, we may collect information on your geographic location, including the date, time and geographic location where you access the App.
Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform may also be asked.
Information you give to us.  We will use this information to:
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered between you, and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are like those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data;
notify you about changes to our service;
ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information that you chose to submit about your profile, condition, usage and location may be reviewed by the app developer to help improve the app to suit user’s needs.  Information that you choose to submit about your institution may be reviewed by the app developer to consider the environments in which the app is being used and help improve the app to suit user professional contexts.  By providing your email address, you agree to receiving email correspondence from the app developer, offering you the opportunity to give feedback.
Information we collect about you.  We will use this information to:
administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so;
be a part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Google Analytics may be accessed by the app developer to better understand how the app is being utilised to inform on further improvements to the app.
Information we receive from other sources.  We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your Information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1).
We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If GlucoRx Limited or substantially all its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of GlucoRx Limited, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your email address, if you supply it or contact the app developer from it, will not be shared with unrelated third parties. Anonymous descriptive statistics of [e.g. profession, institution, clinical intent for use], feedback and app analytics data are not affected by this Privacy Policy.  All information stored in Amazon AWS and Google Analytics accounts are accessible only to the app developer and may be visible to any contracted technical team outsourced for servicing the app for the duration of their input.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data are treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The data we collect using the app information is securely stored within Amazon AWS.  The app developer reserves the right to delete any or all the information from these accounts at any time without informing respective users.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by marking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at GlucoRx Limited of Unit 1C Henley Business park, Pirbright Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU3 2DX, United Kingdom OR info@glucorx.co.uk.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to Information
The Regulation gives you a qualified right to access information held about you. Your right of access must be exercised in accordance with the Regulation. Any access request may be subject to a
fee of £10
[PT(1]
to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to GlucoRx Limited of Unit 1C Henley Business park, Pirbright Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU3 2DX, United Kingdom or please email info@glucorx.co.uk.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Copyright Information
Copyright © 2021 by GlucoRx Ltd. (All rights reserved. This information is subject to change without notice. No part of this site may be reproduced without express written permission from GlucoRx Ltd.
Last Updated: 20 December 2021.