PRIVACY POLICY
Simple Europe UAB
, a legal entity, duly incorporated in Lithuania under the company number 305959834, having its registered office at Kauno str. 32B-48, LT-03202, Vilnius, Lithuania, together with its affiliated companies (hereinafter collectively referred to as
“Simple”
,
“we”
and/or
“us”
) complies with the European Parliament’s 2016 ‘Regulation EU 2016/679’ act on the use of Personal data and data protection (General Data Protection Regulation
[“GDPR”]
).
In this document, Simple explains how we collect, process and store Personal Data from EU users (hereinafter referred to as
“you”
) at the
Simple Website
(hereinafter referred to as the
“Website”
) and/or its mobile app. This document also forms an integral part of the
Terms & Conditions
(hereinafter referred to as “T&C”) for using the Website. In this document, Simple explains how we collect, process and store Personal Data from EU users (hereinafter referred to as
“you”
) at the
Simple Website
(hereinafter referred to as the
“Website”
) and/or its mobile app. This document also forms an integral part of the
Terms & Conditions
(hereinafter referred to as
“T&C”
) for using the Website.
1. DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of this document, the terms below have the following meanings:
“Consent”
means freely given, specific and unambiguous indication of your agreement to the processing of your Personal Data by Simple.
“Controller”
means a natural or legal person, which alone or jointly determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal data. Simple Europe UAB is a Controller in the meaning of the GDPR and this Privacy Policy.
“Data subject”
means an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to their Personal data. You are a Data subject in the meaning of the GDPR.
“Personal data”
means any information relating to you that helps us directly or indirectly identify you as a Data subject.
2. TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA IN OUR POSSESSION
Personal data that we may collect, store and process includes:
Contact info
that you provide to us by filling in forms on the Website and/or mobile app or any other information you might submit to us via the Website and/or mobile app email, telephone, and/or Live Chat, including the following: name (first name, surname), e-mail, phone number, address (registered address and/or address of actual operation), other necessary data (CV, links to the social media (LinkedIn, Facebook), cover letter);
Financial information
(form of payment, payment card number or bank account number, details of transactions, payment server, salary, income and assets);
Record of correspondence
whether via the Website and/or mobile app (Customer support), email, telephone or by any other means;
Details, necessary to provide KYC by us:
ID (national passport or governmental ID, foreign passport and/or driving license), date of birth, proof of address (Utility bill, bank statement, rent agreement), source of funds/source of wealth, legal form, registration number, an extract of registration and its issue date, Power of Attorney for an authorized person;
Details of your visits to the Website and/or mobile app,
including traffic data, precise location data, activity logs(launches, taps, clicks, scrolling information) and other communication data;
Information we get from your devices
(IP address, portfolio website, cookies, computer model, operating system and its version, serial numbers, mobile device ID, your contact lists, crash data);
Responses to marketing campaigns from us.
Pictures, photos, visual images, scan copies and personal appearance
(such as pictures, images, photos or copies of your passports/ID/driving license/resident permit – front and back; pictures, images, photos or copies of your bank statements/proof of address, or  real-time biometric facial scans);
3. LAWFUL USAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
Simple will only use and share your information where it is necessary for us to carry out our lawful business activities. We want to ensure that you fully understand how your information may be used. We have described the purposes for which your information may be used in detail below:
3.1.  Contractual Necessity:
We may process your information where it is necessary to enter into a contract with you for the provision of our products or services or to perform our obligations under that contract. Please note that if you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide products and services to you. This may include processing to:
assess and process applications for products or services;
provide and administer those products and services throughout your relationship with Simple, including opening, setting up or closing your accounts or products; collecting and issuing all necessary documentation; executing your instructions; processing transactions;  resolving any queries or discrepancies and administering any changes.
manage and maintain our relationships with you and for ongoing customer service.
communicate with you about your account(s) or the products and services you receive from us.
3.2 Legal obligation:
When you apply for a product or service (and throughout your relationship with us), we are required by law to collect and process certain personal information about you. Please note that if you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide products and services to you. This may include processing to:
confirm your identity, including using biometric information and facial recognition technology and other identification procedures.
perform checks and monitor transactions and location data for the purpose of preventing and detecting crime and to comply with laws relating to money laundering, fraud, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, and international sanctions. This may require us to process information about criminal convictions and offences, to investigate and gather intelligence on suspected financial crimes, fraud and threats and to share data with law enforcement and regulatory bodies;
share data with other financial institutions and third parties to help recover funds that have entered your account as a result of a misdirected payment by such a third party;
share data with police, law enforcement, tax authorities or other government and fraud prevention agencies where we have a legal obligation, including reporting suspicious activity and complying with production and court orders;
deliver mandatory communications to customers or communicating updates to product and service terms and conditions;
investigate and resolve complaints;
conduct investigations into breaches of conduct and corporate policies by our employees;
manage contentious regulatory matters, investigations and litigation;
perform assessments and analyse customer data for the purposes of managing, improving and fixing data quality;
provide assurance that Simple has effective processes to identify, manage, monitor and report the risks it is or might be exposed to;
investigate and report on incidents or emergencies on Simple’s properties and premises;
coordinate responses to business-disrupting incidents and to ensure facilities, systems and people are available to continue providing services; and
monitor dealings to prevent market abuse.
3.3 Legitimate Interests of Simple:
We may process your information in the day-to-day running of our business, to manage our business and financial affairs and to protect our customers, employees and property. It is in our interests to ensure that our processes and systems operate effectively and that we can continue operating as a business.
This may include processing your information to:
monitor, maintain and improve internal business processes, information and data, technology and communications solutions and services;
ensure business continuity and disaster recovery and respond to information technology and business incidents and emergencies;
ensure network and information security, including monitoring authorised users’ access to our information technology for the purpose of preventing cyber-attacks, unauthorised use of our communications systems and websites, prevention or detection of crime and protection of your personal data;
perform general, financial and regulatory accounting and reporting;
protect our legal rights and interests; and
enable a sale, reorganisation, transfer or other transaction relating to our business.
4. PURPOSES OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Processing your transactions, including card and online payments;
Setting up and managing your account, verification of your identity (both face-to-face and not face-to-face), verification of your proof of address, verification of your source of wealth/source of funds;
Complying with our legal and regulatory duties;
Complying with risk management procedures and monitoring transactions for the purpose of preventing fraud, money laundering and scamming;
Identification of system problems and administration of the Website and/or mobile app;
Involving you in surveys and polls relating to the services we provide;
Providing you with information about promotional offers and the products and services available.
5. SHARE OF PERSONAL DATA
We share your Personal data with:
The Affiliates of Simple Europe UAB.
“Affiliates” for the purpose of this Privacy Policy include all direct or indirect parent and subsidiary enterprises of Simple Europe UAB, its joint venture partners, their related companies and companies under the same control. We may share your Personal Data with our Affiliates for set-up, verification and management of your account, for marketing research and data analysis, to conduct relevant risk management and comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
Third Parties
(electronic money institutions, payment service providers, customer services, software providers, KYC providers, CRM system providers, marketing agencies, digital optimization systems and other trusted partners). For the deposit and withdrawal of your funds, we use various payment services and transmit your Personal data to them. Simple is always keen to give users the best service possible. One of the ways of doing this is to use customer service software providers. Simple also uses data analysis, research and surveys to identify and satisfy users needs via different digital optimizations systems. To assist Simple in dealing with this issue, we may also transfer some part of your Personal Data to relevant marketing agencies. Simple also uses third-party solutions to provide verification procedure of its users. In addition, we also use CRM system providers in order to proceed with your applications to our job openings. All of the above-mentioned entities will receive only the data they require for the provision of services and compliance with their legal and regulatory obligations. For the protection of your Personal data, relevant measures will be taken by Simple prior to the transfer of data to the above-mentioned parties.
International data transfers.
Simple runs its business activity worldwide (except for “Restricted areas” as stipulated in the T&C). However, some countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), do not have effective laws regarding data protection. To ensure the appropriate level of protection, we add relevant contractual clauses, designed to offer the same level of protection of Personal data as within the EEA. We would like to emphasize that Simple makes every effort to ensure the protection of Personal data while cooperating with any third parties. In addition, we try to secure your rights and information, by verifying whether the data is processed in accordance with the GDPR standards and other legal requirements.
We will not share your information with anyone outside of the Simple except:
where we have your permission;
where required to provide your product(s) or service(s). This may include sharing your name with other Simple customers if you are already in the contact book stored on their device or when we are required to do so by the applicable law;
where we are required by law and by law enforcement agencies, judicial bodies, government entities, tax authorities or regulatory bodies around the world;
with other financial institutions and third parties where required by law to help recover funds that have entered your account as a result of a misdirected payment by such a third party;
with third parties providing services to us, such as market analysis and benchmarking, correspondent banking, and agents and sub-contractors acting on our behalf, such as the companies which print our packing labels and provide your currency accounts;
with other financial institutions to help trace funds where you are a victim of suspected financial crime and you have agreed for us to do so, or where we suspect funds have entered your account as a result of a financial crime;
where permitted by law, it is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, and it is not inconsistent with the purposes listed above.
6.
STORAGE AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Simple store your personal data in the data centres within the European Economic Area. While your information is being transferred to the data centres we limit its processing to a strictly necessary extent, in keeping with the procedures aimed at ensuring the network and information security. In addition, the security of any transfer of data is helped by using computer security incident response teams (CSIRTs), computer emergency response teams (CERTs) and other means to ensure a high level of protection.
Moreover, data centres use Operational Metrics (traffic data, cryptographically hashed file samples, click stream information, logged snippets of transmitted content, IP trust scores and other server activity data and all analytic products derived therefrom).
Simple will legally store your Personal data for the relevant retention period. Thus, such information will be processed until you delete your account on the Website and mobile app and further within the reasonable period, in accordance with the terms of AML/KYC procedures, regulatory requirements and any other applicable legislative grounds.
Simple will collect, store and use your Personal Data for the purposes set in this Privacy Policy.
Simple has identified the types of Personal Data we may use about you and how and why we will use them.
During the provision of services, Simple may also use software and other means, tools of third parties, which also collect Personal Data of our Users.
The procedure for collecting, processing, storing and using Personal Data is determined by the Privacy Policy of the relevant Service Provider.
The privacy policies of the software products of the KYC Service Providers are available for review at the following links:
KYCAid:
https://kycaid.com/privacy-policy/
Sumsub:
https://sumsub.com/privacy-notice/
This list of Service Providers is non-exhaustive and may change and be supplemented. In any case, the User can review the privacy policies of those KYC Service Providers, with which Simple cooperates, on their official websites.
Simple retain your Personal Data only for those periods necessary to fulfil the various purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
For the purposes of complying with our legal or regulatory obligations and the world industry standards for data storage, you give us consent and permission to keep records of such information throughout the term of your Account, as well as for 8 (eight) years after the closure of your Account.
Face Data Storage and Retention
In addition to the Personal Data described above, Simple may collect and store face data (such as biometric images) for the purposes of identity verification as part of our KYC procedures and for ensuring the security of your account.
Face data is stored to verify your identity during the registration process and as part of ongoing security measures to protect your account. This helps us comply with regulatory requirements and safeguard against fraud or unauthorized access.
Face data will be stored only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose of identity verification and security. In line with our data retention policy, face data will be stored during the term of your account and for up to eight (8) years after the closure of your account, to comply with legal, regulatory, and industry standards (e.g., AML/KYC obligations).
Simple may share face data with third-party KYC service providers (e.g., KYCAid, Sumsub) in order to process identity verification and ensure the compliance of your account. These third parties may store face data as part of their service provision.
We share face data with third parties to facilitate the identity verification process, comply with legal and regulatory obligations, and protect against fraud and other security threats.
If any third-party service providers store face data, we ensure that they comply with the relevant privacy and data protection standards. The third parties that process face data on our behalf will store such data for no longer than necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was provided. The duration of face data retention and their respective privacy practices, including the reasons for storing face data, will be outlined in the privacy policies of the third-party service providers. Users are encouraged to review these privacy policies to understand how their face data is handled by these third parties.
We are committed to ensuring that any sharing of your face data is done in accordance with applicable data protection laws and with adequate safeguards in place to protect your privacy.
We store your Personal Data in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
7. RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECT
GDPR entitles you to a range of specific rights with regard to your Personal data. Please make sure you examine the following list with due care. In addition, we would like to stress that some rights relate to specific circumstances only.
Right to be informed
regarding your Personal data. By this Privacy Policy, Simple tries to highlight the most crucial issues concerning the security of your Personal Data to keep you informed. If the Privacy Policy is in any way changed, then this page will be updated accordingly.
Right to access.
It is your right to receive information from us regarding whether we are using your Personal data. You are also entitled to ask us to clarify which of your Personal data we have. In addition, you may request a copy of the Personal data which is being processed.
Right to alter incorrect data.
You have a right to change inaccurate Personal data in our possession.
Right to have the data removed.
You are entitled to erase your Personal data in our possession due to specific circumstances. Those would be if the data is no longer necessary for the stated purposes, you withdraw your Consent to data processing, your Personal data has been unlawfully used, there are no overriding legitimate grounds to process your information and/or your Personal data is to be erased for legal reasons. However, please, note that Simple is not bound to comply with such a request if processing of your Personal data is necessary to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information, comply with a legal obligation in the public interest, exercise official authority and/or establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to restriction of processing.
You have the right to request the suspension of your Personal data being processed, for example, if the accuracy of the data is being questioned.
Right to data transfers.
You are entitled to transfer your Personal data in our possession to any other Data Controller. You also have a right to receive a report on your Personal data from Simple in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. While transferring the above-mentioned data to you, Simple will take all security measures necessary to ensure your Personal data is securely transmitted by using end-to-end encryption or any other strong authentication measures.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal data. However, where legitimate grounds to use your information outweigh your interests and rights, Simple reserves the right to continue such processing.
Right not to be subject to automated decision-making.
You are entitled not to be subjected to automated decision procedures. Simple ensures that all important matters relating to your Personal Data are either resolved by our team or by any engaged third party.
8. EXECUTION OF DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
To exercise any of the above-mentioned rights, you must provide us with a special request. Should you wish to make such a request, please, contact us via the following e-mail address: dpo@simple.app.
Your application should include adequate identification details and appropriate documents to support your request. Simple will deal with your concerns within 30 (thirty) calendar days and reply to you regarding each issue.
If you do not receive a response to your request within the stipulated time period or are not satisfied with our processing of your Personal data, you are entitled to apply to your local data protection authority:
State Data Protection Inspectorate of Lithuania
L. Sapiegos str. 17 (Left-hand entrance)
LT-10312 Vilnius
Phones: +370 5 271 2804 / 279 1445
Fax +370 261 9494
E-mail ada@ada.lt
9. CONSENT
By registering on the Website and/or mobile app as a user of Simple and/or using our services, you Consent to the processing of your Personal Data by Simple and to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Please, make sure you understand all your rights and obligations stated here and in the T&C.
You Consent that Simple may process information about you on your behaviour and your activity for marketing and advertising purposes, including but not limited to:
Marketing: based on your communication preferences, you consent that Simple may use your email in order to send you marketing communications, including our newsletter, in order to inform you about our events; to deliver targeted marketing and to provide you with promotional offers based on your communication preferences. We use Personal data about your usage of our Platform and your contact information to provide marketing communications, including but not limited to promotions, special offers and other information, personalize promotional offers, in particular, based upon their activity and their transaction history in order to use push notifications. You can opt out of our marketing communications at any time. We send administrative or account-related information to you to keep you updated about our news or inform you of relevant security issues or updates to the Platform, changes of the Terms & Conditions or to this Privacy Policy or provide other transaction-related information. Without such communications, you may not be aware of important developments relating to your Account that may affect how you can use our Platform.
10. FURTHER INFORMATION
Simple always aims to make its users aware of their rights and obligations. Please, make sure you read carefully this Privacy Policy, T&C and other legal documents on the Website and/or mobile app.
If you have any doubts regarding our services or need any additional assistance, do not hesitate to contact us via the following e-mail:
dpo@simple.app
.
11. UPDATE
Our Website policies and its content may be revised, modified, updated, and/or supplemented at any time. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will take steps to notify all users of the amendments, as well as to post the updated policy thereupon.
If we consider that your rights may be affected by any such changes, we will request you to confirm your consideration and acceptance prior to continuing our relationship with you.
Last update of this Privacy Policy: January 3, 2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://kycaid.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Last updated March 16, 2022
KYCAID LIMITED (“Company”), of 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden,
            London, England, WC2H 9JQ, United Kingdom, is committed to
            protecting the privacy of the users of our website (“our site”).
            Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is issued on behalf of KYCAID LIMITED and
            If you have any questions about this policy, please contact
info@kycaid.com
. Data Protection Registration Number: ZA518341.
We are aware that as a user of our Site you care about the security
            and privacy of your information.
The definitions set forth herein and mentioned with capital letters,
            unless specifically introduced in this Privacy Policy, shall have
            the meaning as described in Terms of Use, if the definition cannot
            be found in Terms of Use, it shall have the meaning as is specified
            in the General Data Protection Regulation.
This policy together with our Site
Terms and Conditions
(“our Terms”) and any other document referred to in our Terms sets out
            the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you
            provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read this policy carefully.
            By using our Site and checking the box “I agree with provisions of Terms
            and Privacy Policy” you agree to the terms of this policy and consent
            to the practices outlined in the policy and provide us with an informed
            consent to process your personal data.
Data collected about you
(a)
DATA PROVIDED BY YOU. We act in accordance with relevant data
                  protection laws. You may provide us with information when you
                  register for our services or complete online forms on our Site
                  or engage in correspondence with us, by email, telephone or
                  otherwise. Exact information, which is collected depends on
                  your status on a Portal.
If You are Visitor, you can complete online forms on our Site
                  and you may provide us with your real name, address, e-mail
                  address and phone number (or other mean of communication
                  chosen by you);
If You Customer or User, during registration on our Site, you
                  may provide us with real name, surname, address, e-mail
                  address and phone number, payment info, name of the legal
                  entity you represent and other other information [especially,
                  if the verification of the legal entity is required];
If You are Subject of Verification, during Verification, you
                  may be required to provide us with:
Real Name, Surname;
Documents verifying your identity such as driver license,
                      passport (forerign or national), ID-card or other;
Residential address;
Documents which can be used as proof of the address
                      information (utility bill or bank reference, other
                      conforming documents);
Tax number;
Document proving your tax number;
Selfie with the documents;
Credit card information;
Other financial information;
Other personal data that is transferred to us by third
                      parties with your consent;
Other information especially, if the verification of the
                      legal entity is required.
In certain cases, (when additional verification by bank, or
                compliance authority or in accordance with laws applicable is
                needed according to governmental rules, or if such information
                is required for providing You with a customer support services)
                Company may require you to provide additional information, and
                namely: bank account info, place of birth, information on
                whether you hold a prominent public function, tax numbers, or
                other information.
(b)
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED DATA. We may also automatically collect
              information about Subject of Verification when you visit our Site
              including but not limited to: technical information, IP addresses,
              login information, web browser information, data associated with
              the source device’s Internet browser/content delivery software
              (e.g., Microsoft Explorer, Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome). The
              User-Agent information We receive may also include information
              such as device type (e.g., computer, tablet, mobile device),
              preferred language, and/or date/time of visit/pattern of Website
              usage and other information. We do not make any attempt to
              associate any technical information with any individual and the
              information is only used for statistical and other administrative
              purposes.
(c)
PUBLIC INFORMATION. We may also obtain personal data about you
                from public services such as company registries.
(collectively “your information” or “personal data” or “personal
                information”)
It is important that the personal data we hold about is accurate
                and complete. Please keep us informed if your personal data
                changes during your relationship with us.
We do not collect any Special Categories of personal data about
                you nor do we collect any information about your criminal
                convictions.
It shall be noted that at the moment we don’t use cookies,
                still, we reserve the right to start using them in future.
How collected information is used
We use your data on a number of legal bases including the performance
          of a contract with you, necessary for our legitimate interests and as
          necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
(a)
We may share your information with any member of our group, which
              means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its
              subsidiaries as well as our suppliers, agents, contractors,
              analytic and search engine providers and other companies and
              organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
              reduction.
(b)
The information received from you will only be disclosed to such
              third parties as may be necessary in order to provide you with the
              services requested through our Site and in order to arrange
              delivery of same. By registering with us, by your use of our site,
              and the acceptance of our Terms you hereby authorise us to convey
              your information to such third parties.
(c)
We may also disclose your information in the event that we sell or
              buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your
              personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business
              or assets.
(d)
We may also use your information to:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts
                  entered into between you and us and to provide you with the
                  information and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other services we offer
                  that are similar to those that you have already purchased or
                  enquired about and you have not opted out to the receipt of
                  such information;
to notify you about changes to our service and any outages or
                  other technical matters;
to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most
                  effective manner for you and for your computer;
to administer our Site and for internal operations, including
                  troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical
                  and survey purposes;
to improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the
                  most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our
                  service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users
                  of our Site about services that may interest you or them.
(e)
We may share your information in response to a request for
                information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or
                required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
                governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting
                national security or law enforcement requirements. To the extent
                the law allows it, We will attempt to provide you with prior
                notice before disclosing your information in response to such a
                request. We may also share your personal data with regulatory,
                state and law enforcement agencies, courts, fraud prevention
                agencies, licensing authorities or other third parties, in cases
                where applicable laws or regulations must be observed, as well
                as to implement, establish or protect our legal rights (when it
                is possible and appropriate, we will immediately inform you
                about disclosure of your personal data to such third parties);
No other information will be divulged to any other third party
                unless we receive your prior authorisation and/or we are
                required to do so by law or in order to enforce or apply our
                Terms.
(f)
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or
              alteration of your information. Agents or contractors who have
              access to information, you give us, in the course of providing
              services to us are required to keep that information confidential
              and are not permitted to use it for any purpose other than to
              carry out the services which they are performing for us.
(g)
There may be occasions where your information is transferred to,
              and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area
              (“EEA”). It may also be processed by our staff or contractors
              working outside the EEA. Such staff or contracts may be engaged in
              the fulfilment of the services we provide to you and for the
              processing of payment details. By submitting your personal data
              you agreed to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take
              all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is treated
              securely and in accordance with this policy. We will ensure that
              relevant safeguards are in place if transferring your personal
              data.
(h)
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
              Any payment transactions are encrypted using SSL Technology. Where
              you have a password to access our Site, you are responsible for
              keeping this password confidential.
(i)
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is
              not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your
              information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information
              transmitted to our site and the transmission is at your own risk.
(j)
Where we need to collect personal data under the terms of a
              contract between us and you fail to provide that personal data, we
              may not be able to perform the contract. In that case we will have
              to cancel a service you have with us.
(k)
We will only use your personal data for the purpose for which we
              collect it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it
              for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original
              purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated
              purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis
              which allows us to do so.
Your rights
In certain circumstances you have rights under data protection law
          including:
(a)
Right to access your personal data;
(b)
Request correction of your personal data (you may delete several
              types of your account information, which were provided by yourself
              (subject to certain conditions and depending on your status [User,
              Visitor or other]) at any time from the relevant page. But we may
              retain certain personal data as required by law or for legitimate
              business purposes after you delete your account / end contractual
              relationship with us;
(c)
Request erasure of your personal data (Company shall fulfil your
              request in appropriate period of time. If there is no other lawful
              ground for storing and processing of your personal data, as
              prescribed by Applicable Law, we shall erase such information. If
              there is another legal ground for such processing, the Company
              shall notify You in an appropriate period of time);
(d)
Object to the processing of your personal data (In case of such
              objection, Company shall restrain from processing of your personal
              data, if there will be no other legal grounds for continuing the
              processing);
(e)
Request restriction of processing your personal data;
(f)
Request transfer of your personal data;
(g)
Right to withdraw consent for the personal data processing.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights above, you can contact us at
info@kycaid.com
. We request specific information to help us with our response and we
          may request that you confirm your identity to us.
You can also ask us to stop sending any marketing messages by
          following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you.
Right of complaint
We have in place appropriate security measures to prevent your
          personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an
          unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We have in place procedures to
          deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you where
          we are legally required to do so.
Our protective measures include the following:
establishing rules to access to personal data processed, as well as
            ensuring registration and recording of actions performed with
            personal data;
detection of the facts of unauthorized access to personal data and
            the adoption of appropriate response measures;
restoration of personal data that was modified or destroyed due to
            unauthorized access to them (within the framework of technical
            capability);
we use 256-bit SSL encryption 100% of the time on every device.
            Database is SSAE 16, ISO 27001, and PCI DSS v3.0 compliant and
            supports HIPAA compliance (as it was already mentioned above);
We retain your personal data as long as it is required to fulfill our
          legal, operational, contractual and regulatory obligations or to
          fulfil other purposes we collected it for. For each type of records,
          the recordkeeping requirements may vary so we guarantee that in no
          event shall we retain your personal data longer than required. If You
          would like to know more about the length of retention for a specific
          data, please contact us via
info@kycaid.com
Where appropriate we may contact the holders of inactive accounts to
          determine if you wish to continue to hold an account with us. Where
          you do not, we will delete your personal data on expiry of one (1)
          year, except for any personal data we are required to retain by law.
          Exact period for which we retain your personal data depends from the
          status you have on the Website/Portal (Visitor, User, Subject of
          Verification or other).
We store data received from you on remote servers located in Belgium.
General
This Policy will be the subject of change and the use of information
          that we gather shall be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect from
          time to time. It shall be your responsibility to check our website
          frequently to see recent changes.
Children personal data. PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY DOES NOT KNOWINGLY
          COLLECT OR MAINTAIN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OR
          NON-PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ON OUR SERVICES FROM PERSONS
          UNDER 18 YEARS OLD, AND NO PART OF OUR SERVICES IS DIRECTED TO PERSONS
          UNDER 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OLD, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE OR
          ACCESS SERVICES AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. IF WE LEARN THAT
          PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OF PERSONS LESS THAN 18 YEARS OLD
          HAS BEEN COLLECTED ON THE OUR SERVICES WITHOUT VERIFIED PARENTAL
          CONSENT, THEN COMPANY WILL TAKE THE APPROPRIATE STEPS TO DELETE THIS
          INFORMATION. Additionally, if You are in the EEA, You must be over the
          age required by the laws of your country to create an account or
          otherwise use the services , or we need to have obtained verifiable
          consent from your parent or legal guardian
Intro
Data collected about you
How collected information is used
Your rights
Right of complaint
General
Table of content
Try out our services
Please provide your corporate email address before you start
By submitting this form, you confirm that you have read and understand
    KYCAID's
Privacy Policy
The website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website
    you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Accept all cookies
Decline all
Privacy Preference Center
We use cookies to improve the functionality of our site, while
        personalizing content and ads. You can enable or disable optional
        cookies as desired. For more detailed information about the cookies we
        use, see our
Cookie Policy
Menage cookies
Necessary cookies (Always enabled)
Required cookies are key to the operation of our site. They enable
            you to navigate our website and use its features. They cannot be
            turned off. Without these cookies, the website cannot function
            properly. Please be aware that these don’t collect information that
            can identify you.
Analytics cookies
These cookies help to improve our website by collecting information
            about your interactions with it. They show us which pages are most
            frequently visited and help us to record the difficulties that you
            may have while using our website.
Performance/
functionality cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality
            of our website but are non-essential. However, without these
            cookies, certain functionalities like videos may become unavailable,
            or you would be required to enter your login details every time you
            visit our website as we would not be able to remember that you had
            logged in previously.
Accept all cookies
Browse with selected cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://sumsub.com/privacy-notice/:
Cookie Break Time
We use cookies to enhance the functionality of our website and its subdomains, and to personalize content and ads,
always prioritizing your privacy and data security
. You have the control to enable or disable optional cookies as you wish. For a deeper dive into our cookie usage, do check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Manage cookies
Accept all cookies
Skip to content
On this page, you will find information about how your personal data is processed.
If you use our identity verification services, please read
Privacy Notice (service delivery)
.
If you would like to apply for our services, join our team, complete a demo, stop marketing emails or otherwise use our websites, please read
Privacy Notice (website and mob app)
.