Privacy Policy
Updated at 2022-03-23
Glowy ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Glowy.
This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our "Service") alongside our application, Glowy. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Definitions and Key Terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, they are strictly defined as:
Cookie:
Small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, and remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company:
Refers to 42 Dijital Yazilim Limited Sirketi, Barbaros Bulvarı No 163 Pınar Apt Kat 5 Daire 9 Balmumcu, responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
Country:
Where Glowy or the owners/founders of Glowy are based, in this case Turkey.
Customer:
Refers to the company, organization, or person that signs up to use the Glowy Service to manage relationships with your consumers or service users.
Device:
Any internet-connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer, or any other device that can be used to visit Glowy and use the services.
IP Address:
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
Personnel:
Refers to those individuals employed by Glowy or under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
Personal Data:
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information—including a personal identification number—allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Service:
Refers to the service provided by Glowy as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
Third-party service:
Refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
Website:
Glowy's site, which can be accessed via this URL:
http://glowyaiapp.com/
You:
A person or entity that is registered with Glowy to use the Services.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you use our photo filters:
Camera (Pictures):
Granting camera permission allows the user to upload any picture straight from the app. You can safely deny camera permissions for this app.
Photo Gallery (Pictures):
Granting photo gallery access allows the user to upload any picture from their photo gallery. You can safely deny photo gallery access for this app.
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our app (we continually strive to improve our app offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To process transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To send periodic emails.
How Do We Process the Photos Submitted by Our Users?
Glowy never uses your photos other than the purpose of providing you with an ML filter output. We don't process or store any facial, physical, or distinctive features of user inputs. Photos are temporarily stored on the device or on the third-party API provider, filters are applied, and photos are deleted forever on the device or third-party provider when the output is delivered to the end user.
Contact Us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions:
Email:
support@42dijital.com