E
ID:50171
Account Strength
Low
K
A
K
B
K
C
K
D
E
K
F
Home
K
G
Games
K
H
Support
K
I
Forum
K
J
Store
Download Convenience Now!
n
Install R2Client
Free 3.9 MB download.
n
PRIVACY
Privacy
Reality Squared Games Technology Co., Ltd. (“R2Games”) sees it as our responsibility to set examples and help establish the standards for privacy on the Internet. During registration, each service asks the user to provide different types and amounts of personal information. R2Games intends through the use of such information in good faith to deliver better services.
R2Games is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users (“users” or “user”). This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) has been crafted to inform users as to the ways R2Games collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any R2Games game or application (“Service”). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from R2Games through the use of the Service.
By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. R2Games may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and R2Games encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Personal Information and Its Use
R2Games gathers two types of information about users: (1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software etc. used by each visitor to the R2Games web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our web site and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements. (2) Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the R2Games web site -for example, while registering for the game service a user may be asked to provide his/her full name, nick name, province, gender, hobbies, age and interests etc.
R2Games collects this personal information primarily to make using the R2Games Web site easier and more satisfying for its users. The goal of R2Games is to provide all Internet users with an exciting, entertaining, online experience.
All users should be aware that,
when th
ey disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board or other forum, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside R2Games. In the event that you encounter any R2Games user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact privacy@r2games.com.
Information Disclosure
R2Games will not disclose your personally identifiable information except:
a) With your prior authorization or consent;
b) In an emergency to protect rights and interests of R2Games and its users, public security and public interests;
c) As required by law or valid order by a court or other governmental body;
d) To enforce applicable terms of R2Games services or any statements of R2Games, or in other situation which R2Games may deem necessary.
Information Collecting during Co-operation with Third Parties
The information that a user shares with R2Games is collected, stored, and handled carefully by R2Games. However, R2Games may share such information during co-operation with third parties to offer some of its services in conjunction with such third parties. R2Games will urge such third parties to handle the said information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Through good co-operation or even alliance with other reputable organizations of goodwill, R2Games has been dedicated to providing the best internet service to its users.
Minors' Information and Its Use
R2Games suggests that minors shall not access internet without prior written consent of their parents or other legal guardians. R2Games will protect relevant information of minors as required by laws and regulations.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that R2Games transfers to users’ computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as the user’s preferences or a user’s name and password. The Service sends cookies to users’ computers when users access or view content of an R2Games game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users’ personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users’ interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Provision of Information
R2Games users always have a choice whether or not to disclose information. Certain information is required for registration of our services, but most other requested information is optional. It is a top priority at R2Games to make its user feel comfortable and in control.
R2Games offers its users numerous online interactive activities. To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities and issue of prizes from such activities, R2Games usually requires the applicant to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact information (i.e. mailing address and phone number). This information is used by R2Games to compile aggregate data on its users. If the user does not want to supply the requested information and partake in the interactive activities, it is completely at the user's discretion.
Links
The R2Games web site contains links to some other web sites. R2Games is not responsible for the content or the privacy policy or practices of any other web sites or for the actions of the companies responsible for those web sites. Please review the privacy policies of those web sites before providing them with any personal information.
Update and Publicity of Information
R2Games strongly encourages its users to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. An R2Games community user can easily access and correct his/her personal information at any time. Users can edit and delete their personal information at their discretion.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online through certain channel (for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas), that information can be collected and used by others. R2Games will take no responsibility whatsoever caused by reasons said above. Since disclosure of personal information through certain channel may lead to disclosure of your personal information, we remind you to use caution before such disclosing.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Contact
We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we do, those changes will be reflected in this privacy policy. Any changes that we make will always be made with your privacy and satisfaction as top priorities. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit the R2Games web site.
Questions regarding this statement or the privacy practices of R2Games should be directed to the R2Games site coordinator at mobilesupport@r2game.com
R2Games users also have the option of directly contacting the R2Games customer service department via telephone, fax, and/or standard mail.
Copyright Policy
R2Games respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. R2Games may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
R2Games owns or has the right to use all the intellectual propriety rights with respect to the content and services that are developed or jointly developed by R2Games. This content and services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.