Last updated: January 16, 2024.
1. Who are we?
iDream Game Studio develops and publishes games for mobile devices. We are an indie team that is located in Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam.
"iDream Game Studio," or "we," "our," or "us" in these Privacy Policy means iDream Game Studio.
2. What information do we collect?
iDream Game Studio collects data from you through your interactions with our games.
We may collect information such as Device ID, Product Interaction, Advertising Data, Crash Data, Other Diagnostic Data, and client user agents for advertising.
Used for analytics and third-party advertising, such as displaying third-party ads in your app or sharing data with entities who display third-party ads.
Used for tracking purposes: using data to evaluate user behavior, including understanding the effectiveness of existing product features, planning new features, or measuring audience size or characteristics.
As mentioned, we work with third-party advertising and analytics services. Below is a concise list of such services, the type of personal information they collect, and a link to their own Privacy Policies, if there is one, is provided. Links to their
                own Privacy Policies are embedded in the name of each service provider. We might use one or more of these services at our different games.
Analytics:
Service Provider
Personal Information
Google Analytics
Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data
Firebase
Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Crashlytics
Geographic position, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Advertisements:
Brand Name
Corporate Name
Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Google
Google Asia Pacific Pte.Ltd.
Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=hk
Facebook
Facebook Audience Network
Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/optimization/best-practices/an-policy
3. What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us better respond to your individual needs).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
4. How we share your information?
We may share and transfer your information (both inside and outside the country you live in) as provided in this section or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information
We may use, disclose to our partners and vendors acting on our behalf, or publish aggregated, anonymous information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, provision of advertising, and other business
                purposes.
Personal Information
We may share your information, including personal information, with third parties or allow third parties to collect this information from our services, as follows:
With your consent or at your direction and in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy, including if we notify you through our services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such
                    information.
We may use third-party service providers such as credit card processors, email service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers, and business intelligence providers. When we transfer any of your personal information to such a third-party service
                    provider, that entity will be contractually required, among other things, (a) to use such information only to carry out those services that we have requested, (b) to abide by this privacy policy, and (c) to provide adequate protection for such
                    information (as required by applicable legal requirements).
With other players in connection with the social features of the services (e.g., your username, profile picture, and virtual content may be visible to other users of that game).
We may disclose personal information in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation, or legal process or is otherwise required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
We may disclose your personal information if we have a reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to address a potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users, or others who may be harmed or may suffer
                    loss or damage, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to protect iDream Game Studio rights.
iDream Game Studio may create co-branded webpages or games with our third-party partners or contractors, and in connection with these relationships, we may pass your personal information to these partners in order to offer these co-branded
                    services.
                    Such transfers are covered by our privacy policy, our agreements with those partners, and our co-branding partners’ privacy policies. We make reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that all our third-party partners and contractors adhere to the
                    terms and conditions of our privacy policy.
Any information that you share in the course of contributing user-generated content to our services, such as forums, blogs, or the like, is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. iDream Game Studio is not
                    responsible for any personal information that you choose to make public in any of these forums.
In connection with or during negotiations of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We encourage you to read our partners’ policies to understand their privacy practices, the legal basis for their processing of your personal data, and any options that they provide for exercising control over such processing. We are not responsible for
                the information practices of our partners since we are each independent controllers of your data.
5. Managing your information
iDream Game Studio does not verify the accuracy of your personal information and the correctness of this information is solely your responsibility.
Your European Rights
If you are based in the EU, in certain circumstances you have rights under data protection laws in relation to personal information we hold about you, specifically:
Request access to your personal information. You have the right to request access to any personal information we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal information, the recipients or
                    categories of recipients with whom the personal information has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal information will be stored, the source of the personal information, and the existence of any automated decision-making.
Request corrections to your personal information. You have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
Request the erasure of your personal information. You have the right to request that personal information held about you be deleted.
Request restrictions on processing your personal information. You have the right to prevent or restrict the processing of your personal information.
Request the transfer of your personal information. You have the right to request the transfer of personal information directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
6. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
7. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us via email at:
support@idreamgs.com
You can find our Terms of Service here:
https://idreamgs.com/terms-of-service.html
We love hearing your voice. Let’s contact us and stay connected!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=hk:
