privacy policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how GAME FREAK
                            inc.(hereinafter referred to as “we”, “as”,
                            and “our”) collect and process gameplay
                            data, which we obtained from you through the
                            game Pocket Card Jockey: Ride
                            On!(hereinafter, “the game”), and personal
                            data you provide when you contact us to
                            inquire about the game.
If you have any questions about this Privacy
                            Policy or our use of your personal data from
                            your inquiry about the game, you can contact
                            us using our inquiry form at the end of this
                            page.
What is Gameplay Data
The game collects gameplay data as you
                                play the game in order to track game
                                progression, to allow save game data
                                across Apple devices, register
                                achievements, and register to
                                leaderboards. The data we collect cannot
                                be used to identify you.
This Gameplay Data is stored on Apple
                                services such as iCloud and GameCenter
                                for game saves and progress and
                                GameCenter for achievements and
                                leaderboards, and its use is governed by
                                Apple’s policies.
You can decline to store Gameplay Data
                                in iCloud or to send data to Game
                                Center. To turn off iCloud, you must
                                turn off iCloud in Apple settings for
                                the game. To stop sending data to Game
                                Center, you must sign out of Game Center
                                in apple settings. As a result, you can
                                only play in offline mode where your
                                saved data is not shared across other
                                devices, and also your progress in game
                                achievements and leaderboard will not be
                                updated.
How we collect and use your personal
                                data
We will collect any personal data that
                                you provide to us when you contact us
                                through our customer request form, email
                                or over the phone, including any
                                information that you include in your
                                correspondence with us. In certain
                                circumstances, we may also receive
                                personal information from third parties,
                                for example, when someone sends an
                                inquiry to us on your behalf or with
                                your permission.
We will use personal information
                                    to:
provide you with the information you
                                have requested and to reply to any
                                correspondence you have sent to us in
                                relation to the game;
manage our relationship with you, which
                                will include notifying you about changes
                                to this Privacy Notice; and comply with
                                our legal obligations and enforce our
                                legal rights, including sharing your
                                information with our technical and legal
                                advisors.
Who may we share your data with
We do not sell your personal data.
                                However, we may disclose it to certain
                                third parties such as our suppliers and
                                service providers who we engage to
                                process data on our behalf. We may also
                                need to share your data with regulators,
                                government bodies, and other authorities
                                as well as other third parties
                                (including professional advisers,
                                courts, law enforcement agencies and
                                government agencies) where necessary to
                                enable us to enforce our legal rights,
                                or to protect our rights, property or
                                safety or where such disclosure may be
                                permitted or required by law
How we transfer your personal
                                information abroad
We are located in Japan. As such, the
                                personal data you provide to us will be
                                stored and processed by us in Japan.
                                Where we make onward transfers of your
                                personal data to other countries, we
                                will take steps to ensure that adequate
                                safeguards are in place to protect your
                                personal information and to make sure
                                that it is treated securely and in
                                accordance with this Privacy Notice.
How we protect your personal data
We have put in place appropriate
                                security measures to prevent your
                                personal data from being accidentally
                                destroyed, lost, used or accessed in an
                                unauthorised way. We also take steps to
                                ensure that we retain your personal data
                                for only as long as it is necessary to
                                fulfil the purposes we collected it for,
                                taking into account the amount, nature
                                and sensitivity of the data.
                                Unfortunately the transmission of
                                information using the internet is not
                                completely secure. Although we do our
                                best to protect your personal
                                information, we cannot guarantee the
                                security of data transmitted over the
                                internet.
Storing and deleting data
Personal Data you provide us is being
                                stored and deleted in compliance with
                                privacy requirements. All data will be
                                de-identified or deleted if no longer
                                required for the purposes mentioned
                                above, unless further retention is
                                required by law.
Our Policy Towards Children
The Game collects, uses, and discloses
                                data from children in the same way as
                                for other users, as described in this
                                policy. The game use of children’s data
                                is limited to support internal
                                operations of the Game. If you are a
                                parent, you can decline to have that
                                data collected from your child by
                                turning off iCloud for our game and
                                signing your child out of GameCenter.
Your rights
You have certain rights over the
                                personal data we hold about you,
                                including certain rights to access,
                                update, rectify, limit or erase the
                                personal data we hold about you. In
                                certain circumstances, you also have
                                rights to withdraw your consent to
                                processing, or to object to us
                                processing on the basis of our
                                legitimate interests. To exercise your
                                rights, please contact using the details
                                set out at the end of this Privacy
                                Policy, and we will comply with your
                                request unless we have a lawful reason
                                not to. You may also lodge a complaint
                                with the relevant authority in your
                                country of work or residence but we ask
                                that you speak to us first to try to
                                resolve any issues using the contact
                                details set out at the end of this
                                Privacy Policy.
Contact
For inquiries regarding this Privacy
                                Policy, or to request disclosure,
                                correction, or deletion of information,
                                please contact the department in charge
                                of this Privacy Policy using the inquiry
                                form. Confirmation of identity may be
                                required.
Privacy Policy Inquiry Form
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScK86Dw2Mj1GfE-AoL85Eg14YFRc9USxVVDW42oLwUo2_ZWIQ/viewform?vc=0&c=0&w=1&flr=0:
JavaScript isn't enabled in your browser, so this file can't be opened. Enable and reload.
Pocket Card Jockey: Ride On! Privacy Policy Inquiry Form
This form is only for inquiries regarding privacy policy of Pocket Card Jockey: Ride On!  and we will not respond to any other inquiries. Thank you for your understanding.
Sign in to Google
to save your progress.
Learn more
* Indicates required question
Your name
*
Your answer
Mail
*
Your answer
inquiry details
*
Please describe your inquiry in detail.
Your answer
Submit
Clear form
Never submit passwords through Google Forms.
This form was created inside 株式会社ゲームフリーク.
Does this form look suspicious?
Report
Forms