Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Read this policy to learn about the information PixU - Ai Art collects and how we use it. If you have any questions about this, please contact us by email.
1.
Face
Data Policy
What face data is our app collecting?
We do not collect users’ face data. We analyze users' photos for face processing purpose. After the analyzing process ends all data will be deleted, no data will be saved.
For what purposes are we collecting this information?
We analyze user’s photos for face processing purpose. The complete process is:
(1) You submit the selected photo to our server;
(2) The server analyzes your photo and returns the result of face processing.
(3) The application automatically synthesizes results into the final effect.
(4) This information is temporarily stored in encrypted storage. After the analyzing process is completed, your photos will be automatically deleted immediately.
Will the data be shared with any third parties? Where will this information be stored?
The data will not be shared with ang third parties. We will not store any face information you submit, and the photos you upload will be deleted after the analysis process is completed.
How long will face data be retained?
The face data is not collected, stored and retained. All photos you submit will be deleted after the analysis process is completed.
2. User Mata data
Metadata is usually technical data associated with user generated content. When using our services, we will not upload or save user metadata without permission. Our application includes some AI based services, which are developed based on open data. We will not collect user metadata to develop or improve our algorithms. In some cases, we may ask users to provide metadata to help us know more about our users. When we need to collect such data, we will clearly tell the user how to use the data and ask the user's permission.
3. Log data
We may save information about your use of
Pix
U
- Ai Art
. The log data may include information such as the date and time of the user's use, subscription and other behaviors. We use this information to manage and provide access to services. This information will be guaranteed under the control of
Pix
U
- Ai Art
. We will protect such log data through technical and management means to prevent the risk of loss, improper use, unauthorized access, disclosure or change.
4. How we use your information?
1. The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
l to operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
l to improve and customize the Software and the Service;
l to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;
l to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service;
l to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
2. If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
5. Information sharing
1. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
2. We will not rent or sell your personal information to the third- party, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations, we may share your information with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or providing service to the Software. We do not have power to control or influence these third- parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal information with any third-party organizations, please do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
The Software may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the Software from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our Software, including the information or content contained within them.
3. We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
l as required by law;
l when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
6. Information security
1. The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
2. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal information to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
3. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal information, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of the Software, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
7. Transfer of data outside your territory
1. We work in the international space and provide the Software to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
2. Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Service. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
8. Right of access, modification and deletion of your information
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your personal information which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Service. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.
9. Delete
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information, except for the following circumstances:
1) your account is found to be illegal;
2) Your account has completed or ongoing copyright license transactions;
3) There are outstanding debts or pending disputes in your account;
4)
Pix
U
- Ai Art
shall keep your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations or the requirements of judicial or administrative authorities.
You can contact
wqywqywqy2020@gmail.com
to delete your personal information After verifying your identity, we will delete your personal information within the period specified by applicable laws.
10. Other
Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any significant changes to our policy, we will post the new policy on our website and update the "last update" date.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email
wqywqywqy2020@gmail.com
.
Last updated: 1-6-2023
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it