Privacy Policy
Commandoo Game Studio
(hereinafter referred to as "we") fully respects the privacy of our users (hereinafter referred to as "you") and is committed to protecting your privacy by abiding by this policy and applicable laws and regulations. Please read this privacy policy carefully as the method that we use to collect and use your information and how you can control the above-said information are of great importance to you. Please be reminded: If you DO NOT agree with the method, described in this privacy policy, that we use to process your personal information, please DO NOT provide your information when asked during gameplay and stop using that game service. By using this game and/or its related services, you are consenting to the rules concerning your personal information described in this privacy policy.
You may contact our data protection officer via provided information should you have any questions regarding our services or requests concerning the deletion of personal data. We will contact you within 15 business days.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following content:
1. The Collection and Use of Information
1.1 The information you initiatively provide
1.1.1 When using our product and/or services, you can choose to register an account to log in or enter without an account. When you register an account, you can use an account from a third party, such as Facebook and Google, to log in to our product. In doing so, you are required to provide us with your third party account's avatar, username, account ID, and other information. You can also choose to directly enter our product as a guest.
1.1.2 The information you initiatively send to us includes personal information, which includes and is not limited to your account, E-mail address, phone number, device ID, system language, APP version, which you may be required to send to us in situations where you desire to provide us with feedback concerning various problems, such as account management and payment in the course of using our products and/or services. Your act of providing us with such information indicates your consent to our collecting, using, managing, and storing your information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Please be reminded that all information we collect will be anonymized and de-identified.
1.2 The information we collect and use and permissions we request for
1.2.1 To ensure that you can normally use our products and services while realizing the analysis and statistics of product data and enhancing your device account's security, we or the third parties we cooperate with will collect your device ID, device name, device type, and version, system version, IP address, application ID, network connection status, network access method and type after your consent is obtained. Refusing to grant permissions to us or the third parties we cooperate with to acquire the above said information might affect your normal usage of our App or bring corresponding restrictions while you are using our App. Please be reminded that we might collect your[IMEI, IMSI, MAC address] if the system version of your android device is below 6.0. Therefore, we strongly advise you to update it to 6.0 or a higher version.
1.2.2 In order to save players' game data, images, and other information required for using our feedback feature, we might request permission for external device storage (access application and write to APP external storage space). But we will ask for your separate consent when exercising this permission.
1.2.3 When you are using our services, we need to check your network connection status to send alerts to you on data usage for the purpose of saving your data.
1.3 The information third parties we cooperate with collect and use and permissions they request for
1.3.1 You can acquire virtual products (used for below-said products only) related to our products and related services, including game items, and in-game Ads-Free via purchasing. The above said payment service is provided by Google. We will only receive result verification information confirming that you have completed the payment process from the Google payment service provider, then provide corresponding products and services to you. If you wish to learn the specific rules as to how Google service provider collects personal information, please read Google's privacy policy.
1.3.2 In order to provide you with better products or services, we have integrated third party services (They include but are not limited to data analysis, third party payment, and advertisement.) into our products. The third parties we cooperate with and their respective privacy policies are listed below. Please read them carefully. We encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more information as to how they process data.
SDK
Privacy Policy
Bugly Bug Report
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Firebase Remote Configuration SDK
https://policies.google.cn/privacy
Firebase Remote Promotion SDK
Firebase Push Message SDK
Admob AD SDK
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook AD SDK
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Unity AD SDK
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Applovin AD SDK
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Vungle AD SDK
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Ironsource AD SDK
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
Inmobi AD SDK
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
Fyber AD SDK
https://www.fyber.com/website-privacy-policy/
Tapjoy AD SDK
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/advertisers/#privacy-policy
Chatboost AD SDK
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
TTAd AD SDK
https://www.pangle.cn/privacy
Mintegral AD SDK
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Google payment SDK
https://policies.google.com/privacy
2. How Do We Store and Protect Your Personal Information?
2.1 How do we store your personal information?
2.1.1  In order to protect your personal information, the information that we collect will be stored according to relevant privacy laws and regulations in related countries. We will also store collected personal information inside or outside of the country or region where we operate within the permitted confines of local laws and regulations.
2.1.2 If we cease to provide services or operate, we and the third parties we cooperate with will stop collecting your personal information in time and shall abide by relevant laws and regulations to inform you in advance and delete or anonymize your personal data after we cease to operate or provide services unless there are laws, regulations or regulatory authority that demand otherwise.
2.2 How do we protect your personal information?
2.2.1 We will apply every measure reasonably possible to ensure that we do not collect personal information unrelated to our services.
2.2.2 We will use strict security systems and standard security technologies and programs in the industry to ensure that your personal data will not be lost, leaked, damaged, or abused.
2.2.3 We apply encryption technologies normally required in the industry, anonymization, and other reasonable measures to encrypt and store your personal information and segment it. We will also use strict data access permission control to protect your personal data from unauthorized usage.
2.2.4 We are enhancing our employees' security consciousness and recognition of the importance of protecting information by establishing data security management practices and applying strict data access controls.
2.2.5 We will only allow necessary personnel to access personal information and have set strict access control and monitoring mechanisms. We also require all personnel that might access your personal information to respect corresponding obligations to be discrete, failing of which might cause legal responsibilities or terminate his/her relation with us.
2.2.6 The internet environment is not 100% safe. We will try our best to protect your personal information. When your personal information is leaked, damaged, lost, or involved in other security events, we will, in accordance with laws and regulations, inform you in time of the basic situation of the security event and its possible repercussions, the measures we have taken or will take, advice for you to independently prevent and decrease risks, and remediation measures suitable for you. We will also inform you of information related to this event via notifications. When it is difficult to inform all involved users, we shall choose a reasonable and effective way to make an announcement.
3. How Do We Share, Reveal or Transfer Your Personal Information?
When sharing, transferring, and revealing your personal information, we stick to three principles, minimum, necessary, and legal. Under no normal circumstances will we share, transfer, sell or reveal your personal information to outsiders. But, within the confines of applicable laws and regulations, we might share, transfer and reveal your personal information under the following circumstances:
3.1 We will reveal it to consultants, law enforcement agencies, and judicial and regulatory authorities to protect the legal rights and interests of you or other users or other individuals' lives, property, and other legal rights within the confines of laws and regulations.
3.2 We are under a legal obligation or this is a mandatory requirement from relevant departments.
3.3 When you obtain virtual products related to our products via purchasing, the transaction will take place via a third party payment service provider. You will then inevitably disclose to this provider or a potential transaction provider your information, including contact information, bank account, or email address. Please protect your information by providing it to others only when it is necessary.
3.4 When structural changes, including M&A and reorganization, take place, we may need to transfer your personal information to the third parties who acquire or inherit part or all our assets or stocks. If the changed entity needs to change the purpose of using your personal information, we will require it to solicit your explicit consent first.
3.5 If we discover that you are utilizing our applications, services, and their related information for fraud or illegal activities, we will take suitable measures which include but are not limited to suspending or terminating your access to our application or services.
4. How Do We Manage Your Personal Information?
4.1 Access, update, and deletion of personal information
We think very highly of your right to manage your personal information. But if you choose to delete this information, certain features that require this kind of information to function may become unavailable. Please contact us if you wish to check, edit or delete your personal profile. We will take reasonable measures after your identity is verified and your specific requirements are made clear.
4.2 Account Deletion
You can directly contact us via the contact information provided in this privacy policy if you wish to delete your product account. Pleased be reminded that, once deleted, you account will be unrecoverable. User caution is advised.
5. How Do We Process Personal Information Of Minors?
5.1 According to relevant laws and regulations, minors under the age of 16 should read this privacy policy in the company of parents or legal guardians. Under no circumstances are minors allowed to use our services without parents' or legal guardians' consent to this privacy policy. Please contact us if you have questions.
5.2  Please be reminded that we will not intentionally collect or solicit personal data about minors under the age of 16, or direct them to interest-based advertisements, or intentionally allow such people to use our services. If you are a minor under the age of 16, please do not send us any personal data about you, including your name, address, phone number, or email address. Minors under the age of 16 cannot provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected any personal data about minors under the age of 16, we will apply every reasonable method to delete that data. Please contact us if you believe that we might have data from or related to minors under the age of 16.
5.3 Please be reminded that the definition of a minor varies in different nations. In order to make sure that minors' information is properly and safely protected, we have set the age limit at 16 according to laws and regulations in relevant nations. Please contact us if you have questions.
Special Notification for residents in California, U.S.
If you are a resident in the state of California and wish to know related privacy information, you may contact us via the contact information provided in this privacy policy. You need to explicitly express in your request that you require a copy of "California Privacy Right Statement" and wait at least 30 business days to receive our feedback.
If you are a registered user of our service and a California resident under the age of 18 and wish to delete the content or information you have published on our service/product or stored on our servers, please contact us via the contact information provided in this privacy policy and provide us with the necessary information for us to correctly find the content or information you wish to delete.
Please be reminded that we do not need to delete or remove this content or information in other methods under the following circumstances:
A. Other state or federal laws require us or third parties to keep this content or information.
B. This content or information is posted, stored, or reposted by another user.
C. This content or information is anonymized and cannot be identified whether it is posted by or belongs to a minor.
D. The minor didn't abide by the rules and instructions published in this privacy policy regarding requesting the deletion of this kind of content or information.
E. The minor is compensated for providing this content.
In addition, any content in this clause cannot be construed as restrictions preventing law enforcement agencies from acquiring this kind of content or information.
Special Notification for residents in the E.U.
When transmitting personal information out from E.U., we will apply both technical and physical measures to protect your personal information in strict accordance with related laws and regulations in the E.U.. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding the mechanism that we use to transmit your personal information. We will only collect, use or store your personal information under the following circumstances:
A. You willingly and initiatively provide us with information.
B. It is collected for the purpose of providing the service(s) you demand.
C. Protect your or others' vital interest(s).
If you are a resident of the above-said country or region, you can contact us via the contact information provided in this privacy policy and provide us with the necessary information for us to correctly find the content or information you wish to delete. But if we have a right cause to keep your personal information for, take a hypothetical example, preventing fraud, we are not required to delete your personal information. Please also be reminded that there are circumstances where laws forbid us to execute your requirements, including
A. We cannot ascertain your identity.
B. What you request is deemed excessive.
C. What you request has a detrimental influence on others' rights or liberty.
6. Cookies and similar technologies
We use Cookie and similar technologies for the purpose of providing you with better products and/or services. With the help of these advanced technologies, we are able to track your game progress and learn about your game info so as to provide you with a smooth and high-quality user experience. We shall not apply the above-said technology for any other purpose that is not listed in this policy. Please understand that certain services can only be achieved with these above-said technologies. If your device or related program permits, you can turn off or delete the above-said technologies by changing settings or visiting those technology providers' websites. But this might affect your experience with our products/services.
7. Updates and Notifications of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time in order to provide you with better service. We will notify users on this page or possibly in this application and/or by any available means where technically and legally feasible. It is strongly recommended that you check this page frequently and refer to the last modification date listed in this privacy policy. Please contact us at
master@commandoo.com
if you have any questions.
‹
Home
View web version
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56:
We're sorry but 腾讯隐私保护平台 doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
下载
下载
Sub-policy 1
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.cn/privacy:
隐私权和条款
概述
隐私权政策
服务条款
技术
常见问题解答
Google 帐户
隐私权政策
简介
Google 收集的信息
Google 为什么要收集数据
您的隐私控制项
分享您的信息
确保您的信息安全无虞
导出和删除您的信息
保留您的信息
遵守监管机构的规定并与之合作
欧洲的要求
关于本政策
相关隐私权规范
数据传输框架
关键词
合作伙伴
更新
Google 隐私权政策
您使用 Google 服务，即表示您信赖我们对您的信息的处理方式。我们深知这项责任事关重大，因此一直致力于保护您的信息，并让您拥有控制权。
本隐私权政策旨在协助您了解我们会收集哪些信息、为什么收集这些信息，以及您如何更新、管理、导出和删除自己的信息。
如果欧盟或英国的数据保护法适用于对您的信息进行的处理，您可以查看下文的
“欧洲的要求”部分
，详细了解自己的权利及 Google 对这些法律的遵从情况。
隐私设置检查
想更改您的隐私设置？
进行隐私设置检查
生效日期：2024年9月16日
|
归档版本
|
下载 PDF 文件
目录
简介
Google 收集的信息
Google 为什么要收集数据
您的隐私控制项
分享您的信息
确保您的信息安全无虞
导出和删除您的信息
保留您的信息
遵守监管机构的规定并与之合作
欧洲的要求
关于本政策
相关隐私权规范
我们致力于打造各种各样的服务，以便每天协助千百万用户以全新方式探索世界并与这个世界互动。Google 服务包括：
Google 应用、网站和设备，例如 Google 搜索、YouTube 和 Google Home
平台，例如 Chrome 浏览器和 Android 操作系统
集成到第三方应用和网站的产品，例如广告、分析服务和嵌入式 Google 地图
您可以通过多种方式使用 Google 服务来管理自己的隐私。例如，如果您想创建和管理电子邮件与照片等内容，或想看到更合乎需求的搜索结果，可以注册 Google 账号。即使您未登录账号或者根本没有创建账号，也可以使用多种 Google 服务，例如在 Google 中进行搜索，或观看 YouTube 视频。您还可以选择以无痕模式浏览网页，例如使用
Chrome 无痕模式
进行浏览。此类模式有助于防止使用您设备的其他人员得知您的浏览活动。在我们的所有服务中，您都可以通过调整隐私设置，控制我们是否收集某些类型的数据以及我们如何使用这些数据。
为了便于尽可能清晰地解释相关内容，我们添加了示例、介绍性视频和
关键术语
的定义。如果您对本隐私权政策有任何疑问，可以
与我们联系
。
Google 收集的信息
我们希望您了解我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集哪些类型的信息
我们收集信息是为了向所有用户提供更好的服务 - 我们将根据所收集的信息推断所需的基本内容（例如您讲哪种语言）和更为复杂的内容（例如
您觉得哪些广告最有用
、
在网上哪些人对您来说最重要
，或您可能喜欢哪些 YouTube 视频）。Google 收集哪些信息以及如何使用这些信息取决于您如何使用 Google 服务以及如何管理您的隐私控制项。
如果您未登录 Google 帐号，我们会借助与您使用的浏览器、应用或
设备
绑定的
唯一标识符
来存储收集的信息。这样一来，我们就可以在浏览会话间保留您的偏好以及执行一些其他措施，例如保留您的首选语言或确定是否根据您的活动记录向您显示更相关的搜索结果或广告。
如果您登录了自己的帐号，我们还会收集存储在您 Google 帐号名下的信息（我们会将这些信息视为
个人信息
）。
您创建或提供给我们的内容
创建 Google 帐号时，您需要向我们提供
个人信息
，其中包括您的姓名和密码。您还可以选择在自己的帐号中添加
电话号码
或
付款信息
。即使您未登录 Google 帐号，也可以选择向我们提供相关信息，例如，用于与 Google 联系或接收 Google 服务最新动态的电子邮件地址。
我们还会收集您在使用 Google 服务时创建、上传或从其他人处收到的内容，包括您撰写和收到的电子邮件、您保存的照片和视频、您创建的文档和电子表格，以及您对 YouTube 视频的评论。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
您的应用、浏览器和设备信息
我们会收集您访问 Google 服务时使用的应用、浏览器和
设备
的相关信息，以便提供一些实用功能，例如自动产品更新、电量不足时调暗屏幕，等等。
我们收集的信息包括
唯一标识符
、浏览器类型和设置、设备类型和设置、操作系统、移动网络信息（包括运营商名称和电话号码）以及应用版本号。我们还会收集您的应用、浏览器和设备同 Google 服务进行互动的相关信息，包括
IP 地址
、崩溃报告、系统活动以及相应请求的日期、时间和引荐来源网址。
当您设备上的 Google 服务与我们的服务器通信时（例如，当您安装来自 Play 商店的应用时，或当服务查看是否有自动更新时），我们会收集这些信息。如果您使用的是
安装了 Google 应用的 Android 设备
，那么您的设备会定期与 Google 服务器通信，以提供与您的设备以及与 Google 服务的连接相关的信息。这些信息包括您的
设备类型和运营商名称
、崩溃报告、您已安装的应用，以及
关于您如何使用 Android 设备的其他信息
（具体取决于您的设备设置）。
您的活动
我们会收集您在 Google 服务中的活动信息，并会利用这些信息做一些事情，例如推荐您可能喜欢的 YouTube 视频。我们收集的活动信息可能包括：
您搜索的字词
您观看的视频
浏览内容和广告的次数以及与它们互动的次数
语音和音频信息
购买活动
您的交流对象或您分享内容的对象
在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动
已
与您的 Google 帐号同步
的 Chrome 浏览记录
如果您
使用我们的服务接打电话或收发消息
，我们可能会收集通话和消息记录信息，例如您的电话号码、主叫方号码、接收方号码、转接号码、发送方和接收方的电子邮件地址、通话和收发消息的时间和日期、通话时长、路由信息，以及通话和消息的类型与数量。
您可以在自己的 Google 帐号中查找和管理保存在您帐号名下的活动信息。
转到 Google 帐号
您的位置信息
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集您的位置信息，以便提供一些实用功能，例如行车路线、关于您周围事物的搜索结果，以及根据您的位置投放广告等等。
Google 可能会使用不同类型的位置信息来提升您使用的某些服务和产品的实用程度，具体取决于您所用的产品和所选的设置。这些位置信息包括：
GPS 和
来自您设备的其他传感器数据
IP 地址
Google 服务中的活动记录
，例如您的搜索记录或
您标记的地点（例如家庭住址或工作地址）
您的设备周边事物（例如，Wi-Fi 接入点、基站和启用了蓝牙的设备）的相关信息
我们会收集哪些类型的位置数据以及存储这些数据的时间期限在一定程度上取决于您的设备和帐号设置。例如，您可以使用 Android 设备的设置应用
开启或关闭设备的位置信息功能
。如果您想要根据您携带已登录设备去过的地点创建一份私人地图，那么还可以开启
位置记录
功能。 如果您已启用“网络与应用活动记录”设置，那么您的搜索记录和在 Google 服务中的其他活动记录（可能还包括位置信息）会保存到您的 Google 帐号中。详细了解
Google 如何使用位置信息
。
在某些情况下，Google 还会通过
可公开访问的来源
收集您的相关信息。例如，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上，那么 Google 的搜索引擎可能会将相应报道编入索引，并会在其他用户搜索您的姓名时显示相应报道。我们可能还会从可信的合作伙伴处收集您的相关信息，此类合作伙伴包括：目录服务合作伙伴（他们会向我们提供一些要在 Google 服务中显示的商家信息）、营销合作伙伴（他们会向我们提供 Google 业务服务的潜在客户信息），以及安全保护合作伙伴（他们会向我们提供相关信息以便我们
防范滥用行为
）。我们还会收到来自广告合作伙伴的信息，以
代表他们提供广告和研究服务
。
我们会利用各种技术收集和存储信息，包括
Cookie
、
像素代码
、本地存储（例如
使用浏览器进行网络存储
或
应用数据缓存
）、数据库和
服务器日志
。
Google 为什么要收集数据
我们会利用数据打造更好的服务
我们会将从所有 Google 服务中收集的信息用于以下用途：
提供 Google 服务
我们会利用您的信息来
提供 Google 服务
，例如处理您搜索的字词以便返回相关结果，或根据您的通讯录建议收件人以协助您分享内容。
维护和改进 Google 服务
我们还会利用您的信息来
确保 Google 服务正常运行
，例如跟踪中断情况或排查您向我们报告的问题。此外，我们还会利用您的信息来
改进
Google 服务，例如，了解哪些搜索字词最常拼错有助于我们改进所有 Google 服务中使用的拼写检查功能。
开发新服务
我们会利用在现有服务中收集的信息来协助开发新服务。例如，通过了解用户在 Picasa（Google 的首款照片应用）中组织整理照片的方式，我们设计并推出了 Google 照片。
提供个性化服务，包括内容和广告
我们会利用收集的信息为您定制 Google 服务，包括推荐内容，以及提供个性化内容和
定制的搜索结果
。例如，
安全检查
功能会根据您使用 Google 产品的情况向您提供安全提示。此外，Google Play 可以根据您已安装的应用、您在 YouTube 上观看过的视频等信息来推荐您可能会喜欢的新应用，具体取决于您的设置。
我们可能还会根据您的兴趣以及您在各项 Google 服务中的活动，向您展示
个性化广告
，具体取决于您的设置。例如，如果您搜索“山地自行车”，可能会在 YouTube 上看到运动装备广告。您可前往
我的广告中心
内的广告设置中控制 Google 可以利用哪些信息向您展示广告。
我们不会根据
敏感类别
（例如种族、宗教、性取向或健康状况）向您展示个性化广告。
我们不会根据您在 Google 云端硬盘、Gmail 和 Google 相册中的内容向您展示个性化广告。
我们不会与广告主分享可用于识别您个人身份的信息，例如您的姓名或电子邮件地址（除非您要求我们这样做）。例如，如果您看到附近花店的广告并选择“点按通话”按钮，我们会为您接通电话，并且可能会与花店分享您的电话号码。
前往“我的广告中心”
评估效果
我们会利用数据进行分析和评估，以便了解 Google 服务的使用情况。例如，我们会分析与您访问 Google 网站相关的数据，分析结果可用于优化产品设计之类的用途。我们还会利用您与之互动的广告的相关数据（包括您的相关 Google 搜索活动记录）来协助广告主了解其广告系列的效果。我们会利用 Google Analytics（分析）等多种工具来执行此操作。当您访问或运行使用 Google Analytics（分析）的网站或应用时，Google Analytics（分析）用户可能会将您在相应网站或应用中的活动信息与您在其他使用 Google 广告服务的网站或应用中的活动
关联
起来。
与您沟通
我们会利用收集的信息（例如您的电子邮件地址）直接与您互动。例如，如果我们检测到可疑活动（例如尝试从不同于平常的位置登录您的 Google 帐号），则可能会向您发送通知。或者，我们可能会让您了解 Google 服务即将发生的变化或即将进行的改进。此外，当您与 Google 联系时，我们会保存您的请求记录，以便解决您可能遇到的任何问题。
保护 Google、我们的用户和公众
我们会利用信息来协助提升 Google 服务的
安全性和可靠性
。这包括检测、防范和应对可能会危害 Google、我们的用户或
公众
的欺诈行为、滥用行为、安全风险和技术问题。
为了将您的信息用于上述用途，我们会利用不同的技术处理信息。例如：利用自动化系统分析您的内容，以便为您提供定制的搜索结果、个性化广告、根据您使用 Google 服务的情况量身定制的其他功能，等等；分析您的内容，以便
检测滥用行为
，例如垃圾邮件、恶意软件和非法内容；利用
算法
识别数据中的模式，比如 Google 翻译可以检测您请求翻译的短语的常用语言模式，从而协助用户使用各种语言进行沟通交流。
我们可能会
将在各项 Google 服务中以及您的所有设备中收集的信息用于
上述用途。例如，如果您在 YouTube 上观看吉他演奏者的视频，那么在您访问使用 Google 广告产品的网站时，可能会看到吉他课程广告，具体取决于您的设置。我们可能会将
您在其他网站和应用中的活动
与您的个人信息相关联，以改进 Google 服务和 Google 投放的广告，具体取决于您的账号设置。
如果有其他用户已知道您的电子邮件地址或其他能够识别您身份的信息，我们可能会向他们显示您的 Google 帐号公开信息，例如您的姓名和照片。这有很多好处，比如有助于用户识别来自您的电子邮件。
在将您的信息用于本隐私权政策未涵盖的用途时，我们会事先征求您的同意。
您的隐私控制项
您可以选择我们可以收集哪些信息以及如何利用这些信息
此部分介绍了一些关键控制项，您可以通过这些控制项掌控您在 Google 服务中的隐私。您也可以在
隐私设置检查
部分查看和调整重要的隐私设置。除了这些工具之外，我们还在各种产品中提供特定的隐私设置（要了解详情，请参阅我们的
产品隐私设置指南
）。
转到“隐私设置检查”部分
管理、查看和更新您的信息
登录帐号后，您可以随时访问所使用的服务，以便查看和更新信息。例如，Google 照片和云端硬盘都能够帮助您管理保存在 Google 帐号名下的特定类型的内容。
我们还开设了一个专区，以便您查看和控制保存在 Google 帐号名下的信息。您的
Google 帐号
包含：
隐私控制项
活动控件
确定您想要将哪些类型的活动记录保存在自己帐号名下。 例如，如果您开启了 YouTube 历史记录功能，那么您观看的视频和搜索的内容会保存在您的帐号中，以便您获得更好的建议并记住上次观看的位置。如果您开启了“网络与应用活动记录”，那么您的搜索记录和在其他 Google 服务中的活动记录将保存在您的帐号中，以便您获得更加个性化的体验，例如更快的搜索速度和更实用的应用及内容建议。“网络与应用活动记录”还有一项子设置，使您能够控制
您在使用 Google 服务的其他网站、应用和设备上的活动记录相关信息
（例如您在 Android 设备上安装和使用的应用）是否保存到您的 Google 帐号中，并用于改进 Google 服务。
转到“活动控件”
广告设置
管理相应的偏好设置，以决定 Google 及
与 Google 合作
展示广告的网站和应用向您展示什么样的广告。您可以修改自己的兴趣，选择是否允许我们利用您的个人信息向您展示更合乎您需求的广告，以及开启或关闭特定广告服务。
前往“我的广告中心”
关于您
管理您的 Google 帐号中的个人信息，同时控制哪些人可以在各项 Google 服务中看到这些信息。
前往“关于您”部分
分享的认可
选择当广告中出现您的活动（例如评论和推荐）时，旁边是否显示您的姓名和照片。
前往“分享的认可”部分
使用 Google 服务的网站和应用
管理当您访问使用 Google Analytics（分析）等 Google 服务的网站和应用或与之互动时，这些网站和应用可能会与 Google 分享的信息。
转到 Google 如何利用从使用 Google 服务的网站和应用中收集的信息
查看和更新您的信息的方法
我的活动记录
在“我的活动记录”部分，您可以查看和掌控系统在您登录和使用 Google 服务时保存到您的 Google 帐号的数据（例如，您进行过的搜索或您对 Google Play 的访问）。您可以按日期或主题进行浏览，并可以删除部分或全部活动记录。
转到“我的活动记录”部分
Google 信息中心
在 Google 信息中心内，您可以管理与特定产品关联的信息。
转到信息中心
您的个人信息
管理您的联系信息，例如您的姓名、电子邮件地址和电话号码。
转到“个人信息”部分
即使您未登录帐号，也可以管理与您的浏览器或设备关联的信息，包括：
在未登录帐号时的搜索个性化设置：
选择
是否允许 Google 利用您的搜索活动记录提供更合乎您需求的搜索结果和推荐。
YouTube 设置： 暂停和删除您的
YouTube 搜索记录
和
YouTube 观看记录
。
广告设置：
管理
相应的偏好设置，以决定 Google 及与 Google 合作展示广告的网站和应用向您展示什么样的广告。
导出、移除和删除您的信息
如果您想备份 Google 帐号名下的内容或将其用于非 Google 服务，可以导出这些内容的副本。
导出您的数据
要删除您的信息，您可以：
从
特定 Google 服务
中删除您的内容
在
我的活动记录
部分搜索您帐号名下的特定内容，然后将其从您的帐号中删除
删除特定 Google 产品
，包括与这些产品关联的个人信息
删除整个 Google 帐号
删除您的信息
您可以利用
闲置帐号管理员
授权其他人访问您的 Google 帐号的某些部分，以防您无法使用自己帐号的意外情况。
最后，您还可以根据适用的法律和我们的政策
请求从特定 Google 服务中移除内容
。
您还可以通过其他方式来控制 Google 收集的信息（无论您是否已登录 Google 帐号），包括：
浏览器设置： 例如，您可以将浏览器配置为当 Google 在其中设置
Cookie
时显示提示。您也可以将浏览器配置为阻止来自特定网域或所有网域的所有 Cookie。不过请注意，Google 服务
需要使用 Cookie 才能正常执行
某些功能，例如记住您的语言偏好。
设备级设置： 您的设备可能有一些用于确定我们可以收集哪些信息的控制项。例如，在 Android 设备上，您可以
修改位置信息设置
。
分享您的信息
您分享自己的信息时
我们的很多服务都允许您与其他人分享信息，并且您可以控制分享方式。例如，您可以在 YouTube 上公开分享视频，也可以将视频设为私享。请注意，如果您公开分享信息，其他人或许能够通过搜索引擎（包括 Google 搜索）获取您的内容。
在登录帐号后，如果您与某些 Google 服务互动（例如对 YouTube 视频发表评论或评价 Play 中的应用），您的名称和照片将会出现在相应活动旁边。我们可能还会
根据您的“分享的认可”设置在广告中显示这些信息
。
Google 分享您的信息时
我们不会与 Google 以外的公司、组织和个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
征得您的同意
在征得您的同意后，我们才会与 Google 以外的其他方分享您的个人信息。例如，如果您
在 Google Home 中通过某项预订服务订餐
，那么在与餐馆分享您的姓名或电话号码之前，我们会先征得您的同意。我们还向您提供了一些控制项，以便您
查看和管理您已授权访问自己 Google 帐号中数据的第三方应用和网站
。在分享您的任何
敏感个人信息
前，我们都会事先征得您的明确同意。
与域管理员分享
如果您是学生或在使用 Google 服务的机构工作，那么负责管理您帐号的
网域管理员
和代理商将能够访问您的 Google 帐号。他们或许能够：
访问和保留存储在您帐号名下的信息，例如您的电子邮件地址
查看关于您帐号的统计信息，例如您安装的应用数量
更改您的帐号密码
暂停或终止您的帐号访问权限
为了满足适用法律、法规、法律程序的规定或强制性的政府要求而接收您的帐号信息
限制您删除或修改您的信息或隐私设置
用于外部处理
我们会向
关联公司
或其他可信商家或个人提供您的个人信息，让他们按照我们的说明、隐私权政策以及任何其他适当的保密和安全措施来为我们处理这些信息。例如，我们会聘请服务提供商来协助我们运营数据中心、交付产品和服务、改进内部业务流程，以及向客户和用户提供其他支持。 我们还会聘请服务提供商协助我们执行以下工作：审核 YouTube 视频内容（目的是保障公共安全）、听取保存的用户音频样本并加以分析（目的是帮助改进 Google 的音频识别技术）。
出于法律原因
如果我们有充分理由相信，出于以下目的确实有必要披露用户的个人信息，我们将会与 Google 以外的其他方分享此类信息：
遵从任何适用的法律、法规、
司法程序或强制性政府要求
。我们会在
透明度报告
中分享从政府收到的要求数量和类型方面的信息。
实施适用的服务条款，包括调查可能存在的违规情况。
检测、防范或解决欺诈、安全或技术问题。
保护 Google、Google
用户
或公众的权利、财产或安全免遭损害。
我们可能会公开分享或与合作伙伴（例如发布商、广告主或权利持有者）分享
非个人身份信息
。例如，我们会公开分享信息，
让公众了解 Google 服务的总体使用趋势
。我们还会允许
特定合作伙伴
出于广告或评估目的使用他们自己的 Cookie 或类似技术从您的浏览器或设备中收集信息。
如果 Google 涉入到资产合并、收购或出售等交易中，我们会继续确保个人信息的机密性，并会在转让个人信息或个人信息受其他隐私权政策约束之前通知受影响的用户。
确保您的信息安全无虞
我们在服务中内置了安全功能，以保护您的信息
所有 Google 产品都内置了强大的安全功能，可以为您的信息持续提供保护。我们会在维护 Google 服务期间获得信息资料，这些信息资料有助于我们检测并自动阻止安全威胁。如果我们检测到我们认为您应知晓的风险，将会通知您并引导您完成一些步骤，以便您受到更好的保护。
我们会努力为您和 Google 提供保护，以防其他人在未经授权的情况下访问、篡改、披露或破坏我们拥有的信息。为此，我们采取了很多措施，其中包括：
使用加密技术来确保您的数据在传输过程中保持私密性
提供多种安全功能（例如
安全浏览
、安全检查和
两步验证
）来协助您保护自己的帐号
审查我们在收集、存储和处理信息方面的做法（包括实体安全措施），以防未经授权的人员访问我们的系统
只允许需要个人信息以对其进行处理的 Google 员工、承包商和代理商访问个人信息。任何拥有此权限的人员都需要遵守合同中规定的严格保密义务，若违反规定，则可能会被处分或被解约。
导出和删除您的信息
您可以随时从 Google 帐号中导出您信息的副本，也可以将其从您的 Google 帐号中删除
如果您想备份 Google 帐号名下的内容或将其用于非 Google 服务，可以导出这些内容的副本。
导出您的数据
要删除您的信息，您可以：
从
特定 Google 服务
中删除您的内容
在
我的活动记录
部分搜索您帐号名下的特定内容，然后将其从您的帐号中删除
删除特定 Google 产品
，包括与这些产品关联的个人信息
删除整个 Google 帐号
删除您的信息
保留您的信息
我们收集到的数据有不同的保留期限，具体取决于相应数据是什么、我们如何使用相应数据以及您如何配置自己的设置：
您可以随时删除某些数据，例如您的
个人信息
或您创建或上传的内容（例如
照片
和
文档
）。您还可以删除在您的帐号中保存的
活动记录信息
，或
选择让系统在规定期限后自动删除这些信息
。我们会将这些数据保留在您的 Google 帐号中，直到您自行将其移除或选择让系统将其移除为止。
我们会在规定期限后自动删除其他数据或对这些数据进行匿名化，例如服务器日志中的
广告数据
。
我们会将部分数据一直保留到您删除自己的 Google 帐号为止，例如与您使用我们服务的频率有关的信息。
并且，我们会出于合法业务的需要或法律目的延长某些数据的保留期限，例如为了确保安全以及防范欺诈与滥用行为，或者为了保留财务记录。
当您删除数据时，我们会按照删除流程确保您的数据已安全彻底地从我们的服务器中移除，或仅以匿名方式保留。我们会尽力确保 Google 服务能够保护信息免遭意外或恶意删除。因此，如果您删除了某些内容，我们可能会过一段时间才会从我们现用的和备用的系统中删除其副本。
您可以详细了解 Google 的
数据保留期限
，包括多久后我们才会删除您的信息。
遵守监管机构的规定并与之合作
我们会定期查看本隐私权政策，确保我们按照符合本政策的方式处理您的信息。
数据传输
我们维护着
遍布世界各地的服务器
，因此，我们处理您的信息时所用的服务器可能并不位于您所在的国家/地区。数据保护法律因国家/地区而异，不同国家/地区的数据保护力度也是有强有弱。无论是在哪里处理您的信息，我们都会一律采用本政策中所述的保护措施。另外，我们还会遵守某些与数据传输有关的
法律框架
。
收到正式的书面投诉后，我们会与投诉方联系。我们会与相应的监管机构（包括当地的数据保护机构）合作，以解决任何与传输您的数据有关且无法由我们和您直接解决的投诉。
欧洲的要求
如何行使您的权利以及如何与 Google 联系
如果欧盟 (EU) 或英国 (UK) 的数据保护法适用于对您的信息进行的处理，我们会提供本政策中所述的
控制措施
，以便您行使请求访问、更新、
移除
和限制处理您信息的权利。此外，您还有权反对处理您的信息，并且有权将您的信息导出到其他服务。
如果在自己的权利方面有其他疑问或请求，
您可以与 Google 以及我们的数据保护办公室联系
。此外，如果您对根据当地法律的规定所享有的权利存有疑问，可以与当地的数据保护机构联系。
数据控制方
除非各项服务专门的隐私权声明中另有说明，否则
负责处理您的信息的数据控制方
取决于您位于哪个国家/地区：
如果您是位于欧洲经济区或瑞士的 Google 服务用户，则数据控制方为 Google Ireland Limited，地址为：Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland。
如果您是位于英国的 Google 服务用户，则数据控制方为 Google LLC，地址为：1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA。
Google LLC 是负责处理已编入索引并显示在
Google 搜索
和 Google 地图等服务中的信息的数据控制方（无论用户身在何处）。Google Ireland Limited 是负责处理信息的数据控制方，所处理的信息将用于训练 Google 的 AI 模型，以便将这些模型部署到 Google Ireland Limited 在欧洲经济区或瑞士提供的服务中。
处理信息时的法律依据
我们会根据以下法律依据处理您的信息，以便用于本政策中所述的
用途
：
我们会处理您的数据，以根据合同提供您要求的服务。
我们会为了自身以及
第三方
的合法权益而处理您的数据，同时会采用
恰当的保护措施
来保护您的隐私。
我们会在必要时处理您的数据，以保护您或他人的重大权益。
我们会在有相应法律义务时处理您的数据。
我们会在出于特定用途处理您的数据之前征求您的同意，您有权随时撤销同意。
您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的隐私设置将决定我们会处理哪些数据、处理这些数据的目的以及处理数据的法律依据。下表更详细地说明了处理这些数据的目的、处理的数据类型以及处理数据的法律依据。
我们处理数据的原因和方式
处理的数据
法律依据
为了提供 Google 服务、产品和功能
数据处理活动的示例：
我们会处理您搜索的字词以便返回结果。
我们会利用您的设备获配的 IP 地址向您发送您请求的数据，例如加载 YouTube 视频。
我们会利用您设备上的 Cookie 中存储的唯一标识符帮助验证您的身份，以确认您是否确实是有权访问您 Google 账号的人。
我们会利用您上传到 Google 相册中的照片和视频帮助您创建可分享的影集、拼图和其他创作内容。
当您向 Google 购买服务或实体商品时，我们会将您的送货地址或配送说明用于诸多用途，比如：处理、履行和配送订单，以及提供与您所购产品或服务相关的支持。
我们会在您购买额外的 Google 云端硬盘存储空间时处理您的付款信息。
我们可以使用您在 Google 产品中互动过的人员的联系信息（例如姓名和电子邮件地址），这样当您想在其他 Google 服务（例如 Gmail、Google 相册和 Google 助理）中与这些人员分享内容和沟通交流时，便能更轻松地找到他们。
我们可能会利用您收到的航班确认电子邮件在 Gmail 中为您创建“办登机手续”按钮。
Google 还会通过可公开访问的来源收集您的相关信息。例如，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上，那么 Google 的搜索引擎可能会将相应报道编入索引，并会在其他用户搜索您的姓名时显示相应报道。或者，如果您的商家信息出现在网站上，我们可能会将这些信息编入索引并将其显示在 Google 服务中。
我们可帮助您使用
Google 位置信息分享
功能分享您的位置信息，以便他人在地图上找到您或知晓您的预计到达时间。
如
分享您的信息
部分中所述，在征得您的同意后，我们才会与 Google 以外的其他方分享您的个人信息；我们还向您提供了一些控件，以便您
查看和管理有权访问您 Google 账号中数据的第三方应用和网站
。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了
履行与您之间的合同
，例如加载 YouTube 视频或在您向 Google 购买服务或实体商品时处理、履行和配送您的订单。
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
提供、维护和改进服务以满足 Google 用户的需求
。比方说，使用您在 Google 产品中互动过的人员的联系信息（例如姓名和电子邮件地址），这样当您想在其他 Google 服务（例如 Gmail、Google 相册和 Google 助理）中与这些人员分享内容和沟通交流时，便能更轻松地找到他们。
在征得您
同意
的情况下，例如当您选择了与 Google 位置信息分享功能分享位置信息时。
为了维护和改进 Google 服务、产品和功能
为了维护服务以使其按预期运行，例如调试服务、跟踪问题或排查问题。
数据处理活动的示例：
我们会持续监控系统以检测是否出现问题。如果发现特定功能存在问题，通过查看在问题出现之前收集的活动信息，我们会更快地解决问题。
我们会记录用户与 Google 地图、Google 搜索等应用内的按钮互动的情况，以便了解按钮能否按预期发挥作用。
为了改进 Google 服务并帮助提升这些服务的安全性和可靠性，例如检测、防范和应对可能会对服务或用户造成危害的欺诈行为、滥用行为、安全风险和技术问题。
数据处理活动的示例：
我们会分析您与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关数据，以便打造更好的产品。例如，分析结果可能有助于我们发现用户花费了太长时间来完成某项任务或者根本无法完成所有步骤。然后，我们就可以针对所有用户重新设计相应功能并改进产品。
我们会分析哪些搜索字词最常拼错，以便改进各项 Google 服务中采用的拼写检查功能。
我们会分析Google 翻译的使用情况，以便提高翻译质量并增加Google 翻译支持的语言。
我们会分析 Google 购物上的查询，以确定哪些商品、商家和品牌与不同类型的查询相关。
Google Chrome 的安全浏览功能可在用户的浏览器和 Google 的服务器之间发送关于可疑网站的信息，以帮助防范钓鱼式攻击、恶意软件和恶意广告等。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了
履行与您之间的合同
，例如使用您与 Google 应用的互动日志来确保这些应用按预期运行。
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
提供、维护和改进服务以满足 Google 用户的需求
。例如，分析哪些搜索字词最常拼错，以便改进各项 Google 服务中采用的拼写检查功能。
了解用户如何使用 Google 服务，以确保和改进 Google 服务的性能
。例如，分析Google 翻译的使用情况，以便提高翻译质量并增加Google 翻译支持的语言。
开展研究，以便为用户改进 Google 服务并让公众受益
。例如，提高Google 翻译的翻译质量并增加Google 翻译支持的语言。
为了开发新的 Google 服务、产品和功能
数据处理活动的示例：
通过了解用户如何在 Picasa（Google 的首款照片应用）中整理照片，我们设计并发布了 Google 相册。
通过了解用户观看短内容的情况以及创作者创作短内容的情况，我们成功开发了新的 YouTube 服务。
我们可保存您在与 Google 搜索、Google 助理、Google 地图和 Gboard 等服务进行语音互动时的录音，以便开发和改进 Google 音频技术，具体取决于您的相关设置。
我们会利用网络上的公开信息或来自其他公开来源的信息，帮助训练新的机器学习模型并构建基本技术，以便为各种 Google 产品（例如 Google 翻译、Gemini 应用和 Cloud AI 功能）提供支持。
我们会利用您与 Gemini 应用等 AI 模型/技术之间的互动数据来开发、训练、微调及改进这些模型，以便更好地处理您的请求，更新其分类器和过滤器，确保模型在处理信息时更加安全、理解语言更准确，并提供符合事实的信息。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
开发对 Google 用户有用的新产品和新功能
。例如，通过了解用户如何在 Picasa（Google 的首款照片应用）中使用照片，我们设计并发布了 Google 相册。或者，利用网络上的公开信息或来自其他公开来源的信息，帮助训练 Google 的 AI 模型并打造使用这些基本技术的产品和功能（比如 Google 翻译、Gemini 应用和 Cloud AI 功能）。
提供、维护和改进服务以满足 Google 用户的需求
。例如，利用您在各项 Google 服务中的活动信息（比如您与 Gemini 应用的互动数据），训练和改进机器学习模型，并更新模型的语言理解功能、安全分类器和安全过滤器。
在征得您的
同意
的情况下，我们会处理您的信息，例如保存与 Google 搜索、Google 助理、Google 地图和 Gboard 进行语音互动时的录音，以便开发和改进 Google 音频技术。
为了提供个性化服务，包括内容和广告
为了给您定制 Google 服务，包括提供推荐内容、个性化内容和定制的搜索结果。
数据处理活动的示例：
Google 的“安全检查”功能会根据您使用 Google 产品的情况提供安全提示。
Google 新闻可能会根据您的大致位置为您提供本地新闻结果。
Google 搜索可能会根据您的大致位置为您提供搜索结果。
Google 助理可按照您的指令（例如“给李华发条短信”）利用您的通讯录发送消息。
Google Play 会利用您已安装的应用、您在 YouTube 上观看过的视频等信息来推荐您可能会喜欢的新应用。
我们可能会在 Google 搜索首页中显示一幅 Google 涂鸦，以庆祝/纪念您所在国家/地区特有的活动/事件。
Google 可根据您正在访问的网站的上下文向您展示广告，例如在您访问园艺技巧方面的网页时向您展示与园艺设备有关的广告。
当您登录自己的 Google 账号并启用“网络与应用活动记录”控件后，Google 会根据您之前的搜索记录以及在其他 Google 服务中的活动向您提供更贴合需求的搜索结果。
为了根据您的兴趣向您展示个性化广告，具体取决于您的相关设置。
数据处理活动的示例：
如果您搜索“山地自行车”或观看山地骑行视频，便可能会在搜索结果中或 YouTube 上看到运动装备广告。
如果您在 YouTube 上观看有关烘焙的视频，便可能会在浏览网页时看到更多关于烘培的广告。
您可能还会看到根据广告主提供的信息投放的个性化广告。例如，如果您曾在某个广告主的网站上购物，则他们可以利用相应访问信息向您展示广告。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了
履行与您之间的合同
，例如在 Google 助理按照您的指令（比如“给李华发条短信”）利用您的通讯录发送消息时。
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
定制 Google 服务，让您畅享更好的用户体验
。例如，在 Google 搜索首页中显示一幅 Google 涂鸦，以庆祝/纪念您所在国家/地区特有的活动/事件；根据您使用 Google 产品的情况提供安全提示；或者定制与您的年龄相符的体验（如有必要）。
投放广告，这样我们才能向用户免费提供我们的诸多服务
。例如，根据您正在访问的网站的上下文向您展示广告，比如在您访问园艺技巧方面的网页时向您展示与园艺设备有关的广告。（在向您展示个性化广告之前，我们会事先征得您的同意。）
在征得您的
同意
的情况下，我们会处理您的信息，例如：根据您在 YouTube 上观看过的视频在 Google Play 上推荐应用；或者根据您的兴趣向您展示个性化广告，比如当您在 YouTube 上观看有关烘焙的视频后，在您浏览网页时展示关于烘培的广告。
为了衡量效果：我们会使用数据进行分析和衡量，以了解用户对 Google 服务的使用情况。
数据处理活动的示例：
我们会分析您对 Google 网站的访问情况数据，以便将分析结果用于优化产品设计之类的用途。
我们会使用您的广告互动情况数据来帮助广告主了解其广告系列的效果。
我们会利用用户在 Google 地球上最常点击的地点相关的数据，以便了解哪些功能受用户的欢迎，并发现错误。
Google 搜索会统计用户执行特定查询的次数，并了解用户对搜索结果质量的看法，让 Google 搜索更加实用。
Google 翻译会分析翻译次数和某译文被标记为质量不佳的次数，以便发掘有潜力的新功能，并解决用户在使用此服务时遇到的问题。
我们可能会在向合作伙伴（例如内容许可人）支付版税时一并分享非个人身份信息。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
了解用户如何使用 Google 服务，以确保和改进 Google 服务的性能
。例如，分析Google 翻译的使用情况，以便提高翻译质量并增加Google 翻译支持的语言。
检测、防范或处理 Google 服务中存在的欺诈行为、滥用行为、安全问题或技术问题
。例如，监控用户对 Google 地球的使用方式以便及时发现错误。
提供、维护和改进服务以满足 Google 用户的需求
。例如，分析Google 翻译中某译文被标记为质量不佳的次数，以解决用户在使用此服务时遇到的问题。
开发对 Google 用户有用的新产品和新功能
。例如，分析Google 翻译所完成的翻译次数的相关数据，以便发掘有潜力的新功能。
履行我们对合作伙伴（比如开发者和权利所有者）的义务
。例如，在向内容许可人支付版税时也向其提供相关报告。
为了与您沟通交流：我们会使用收集的信息（例如您的电子邮件地址）直接与您互动。
数据处理活动的示例：
我们可能会在检测到可疑活动（例如有人尝试从异常的位置登录您的 Google 账号）时向您发送通知。
我们可能会将我们的服务即将发生的变化或改进告知您。
如果您联系 Google，我们会保存您的请求记录，这有助于解决您可能会遇到的问题。
Google 相册等 Google 服务可能会向您发送关于其产品优惠（例如照片打印促销活动）的营销资料，具体取决于您的相关设置。
YouTube Premium 和 YouTube Music Premium 等 Google 服务可能会将您的订阅即将发生的变化告知您。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了
履行与您之间的合同
，例如当您联系 Google 以获取支持服务或注册接收产品动态资讯时。
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
提供、维护和改进服务以满足 Google 用户的需求
。例如，向您发送 Google 服务动态通知（比如将 Google 服务即将发生的变化或改进告知您）。
进行营销宣传，以将 Google 服务动态告知用户
。例如，向 Google 相册用户发送电子邮件，让他们知道有一项照片打印促销活动。
为了保护 Google、Google 用户和公众
为了协助提升 Google 服务的安全性和可靠性，包括检测、防范和应对可能会给 Google、Google 用户或公众造成危害的欺诈行为、滥用行为、安全风险和技术问题。
数据处理活动的示例：
我们会收集并分析 IP 地址及 Cookie 数据以防范自动化滥用行为。此类滥用行为有多种形式，例如向 Gmail 用户发送垃圾邮件、以欺诈性手段点击广告来骗取广告主的钱款，或通过发起分布式拒绝服务 (DDoS) 攻击来阻止用户获取内容。
Gmail 中的“上次帐号活动时间”功能有助于您了解是否有人在您不知情的情况下访问过您的电子邮箱，如果有，则让您了解访问的时间。此功能会显示与 Gmail 中的近期活动有关的信息，例如访问您的邮箱时使用的 IP 地址、相关位置信息，以及访问时间和日期。
我们会分析您的内容以便
检测滥用行为
，例如垃圾内容、恶意软件和非法内容。
我们会在收到希望从 Google 服务中移除内容的要求后，依据 Google 的内容移除政策或适用法律来处理与要求相关的信息，以便既能评估相应要求，又能确保我们的做法公开透明、更负责任，并防范滥用行为和欺诈行为。
为了遵循任何适用的法律、法规、司法程序或强制性政府要求。
数据处理活动的示例：
Google 与其他技术公司和通信公司一样，经常会收到世界各地的政府机构和法院发来的用户数据披露要求。对于您存储在 Google 的数据，我们一向注重保护其隐私和安全，在根据法律要求提供数据时，我们也会将这一点放在首位。我们的法律团队会审核每一项要求（无论其为何种类型），并且我们经常会在相应要求过于宽泛或不符合正确流程时将其驳回。
为了履行法律义务，我们有时必须出于保留财务记录等用途而保留某些信息，比如出于税务或会计方面的用途而保留您向 Google 支付的某笔款项的相关信息。
为了遵守各种法律法规，我们必须采取措施来确认用户已达到可使用 Google 服务的年龄。为帮助确定您的年龄，我们会处理您提供的出生日期信息。我们还会处理您在 Google 服务中的活动信息（无论您是否已登录 Google 账号），并会利用机器学习技术来确定您是否已年满 18 周岁。在某些情况下，如果无法通过其他途径确定您是否已达到可使用 Google 服务的年龄，我们可以要求您提供其他信息来验证年龄，例如由政府签发的身份证件、信用卡、您本人的照片或您的电话号码。
处理的信息将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但可能包括以下内容/信息：
您创建或向我们提供的内容
：
您创建、上传或接收的内容（例如照片、视频、电子邮件、文档和电子表格）。
Google 信息中心
让您能够管理与特定产品关联的信息。
您在创建 Google 账号时向我们提供的个人信息（例如您的
姓名
和密码、
电话号码
、出生日期或
付款信息
）。
我们会在您使用 Google 服务时收集的信息
：
您的应用、浏览器和设备的相关信息
，例如您当前使用的浏览器、应用或设备所绑定的
唯一标识符
；以及您所用应用、浏览器和设备与 Google 服务之间互动情况的相关信息（比如 IP 地址、崩溃报告和系统活动）。
您在 Google 服务中的活动信息
，例如您的搜索字词、已同步到您 Google 账号中的 Chrome 浏览记录、您查看内容和广告的情况及与它们之间的互动情况，以及您在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动记录。您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制存储在您的 Google 账号中的活动数据。
位置信息
，例如可根据 GPS、IP 地址以及您设备上或设备周围传感器中的其他数据确定的位置信息，在一定程度上取决于您的设备和账号设置。
来自可公开访问的来源的信息
，例如可在网络上公开访问的信息（比方说，如果您的姓名出现在当地报纸上的一篇报道中）或来自其他公开来源的信息。
来自我们信任的合作伙伴的信息
，例如来自以下来源的信息：向我们提供商家信息，以便在Google 服务中显示的目录服务合作伙伴，或者向我们提供相关信息，以便我们防范滥用行为的安保合作伙伴。
处理这些信息的法律依据将取决于您对 Google 服务的使用方式和您的相关设置，但也可能包括以下情况：
为了保障我们自身以及
第三方
的合法权益，而有必要处理信息的情况，包括：
履行依法提出的要求，包括调查可能违反适用服务条款的行为
。例如，分析内容以便检测滥用行为，比如垃圾内容、恶意软件和非法内容。
检测、防范或处理 Google 服务中存在的欺诈行为、滥用行为、安全问题或技术问题
。例如，收集并分析 IP 地址和 Cookie 数据以防范自动化滥用行为。
保护 Google、Google 用户或公众的权利、财产或安全免遭损害，包括向政府机关披露信息
。例如，收到司法程序文件或政府和法院强制性的要求后，我们会谨慎审查每项要求，待确认其符合适用的法律规定后，才会按要求披露相关数据。
开展研究，以便为用户改进 Google 服务并让公众受益
。例如，处理与从 Google 服务中
移除内容的要求
相关的信息，目的是让公众知情、为研究提供支持、确保这类要求公开透明。
为了在必要时保护您或他人的
重大权益
。例如，处理数据以检测和打击在线儿童性虐待行为。
为了履行我们的相应
法律义务
，例如出于保留财务记录等用途而保留某些信息，或处理和保留信息以帮助确保用户已达到可使用 Google 服务的年龄。
关联您的 Google 服务
如果您是欧盟境内的用户，Google 会提供相关选项，以便您选择是否让特定 Google 服务保持关联状态。您可以参阅
关于 DMA 以及您名下已关联的服务
，详细了解您已关联的服务以及如何管理您的选择。
关于本政策
本政策适用范围
本隐私权政策适用于由 Google LLC 及其
关联公司
提供的所有服务，包括 YouTube、Android 以及在第三方网站上提供的服务（例如广告服务），不适用于有单独的隐私权政策并且这些政策未纳入本隐私权政策的服务。
本隐私权政策不适用于：
为 Google 服务进行广告宣传的其他公司和组织的信息处理做法
由其他公司或个人提供的服务，包括他们提供的可能包含 Google 服务（适用此隐私权政策）的产品或网站、在搜索结果中向您显示的产品或网站，或者 Google 服务中链接到的产品或网站
本政策的修订
我们会不时修订本隐私权政策。未经您明确同意，我们不会减降您按照本隐私权政策的规定所享有的权利。我们一律会指明最后所做更改的发布日期，并且会提供对
归档版本
的访问权限，以供您查阅。对于重大变更，我们会向您发出郑重通知（包括对于某些服务，我们会通过电子邮件发送通知，说明对隐私权政策进行的更改）。
相关隐私权规范
特定 Google 服务
以下隐私权声明提供了关于某些 Google 服务的其他信息：
Payments
Fiber
Gemini 应用
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube 少儿版
通过 Family Link 为未满 13 周岁（或您所在国家/地区的适用年龄）的儿童管理的 Google 帐号
面向儿童和青少年的 Family Link 隐私权政策指南
从 Google 助理的儿童功能中收集语音和音频
如果您就读的学校或工作的单位使用 Google Workspace 或 Google Cloud Platform，您可以在
Google Cloud 隐私权声明
中了解这些服务如何收集和使用您的个人信息。
其他实用资源
以下链接提供了一些实用资源，有助于您详细了解我们的做法和隐私设置。
您的 Google 帐号
中包含多项可用于管理帐号的设置
隐私设置检查
可引导您对 Google 帐号进行关键的隐私设置
通过
Google 的安全中心
，您可以详细了解我们的内置安全保障功能、隐私保护控制项，以及各种有助于为全家人上网设置数字产品基本使用规则的工具。
Google 的青少年隐私保护指南
解答了我们收到的关于隐私权的部分热门问题
隐私权和条款
提供有关本隐私权政策及 Google 服务条款的更多背景信息
技术
部分包含关于以下内容的更多信息：
Google 如何使用 Cookie
用于
投放广告
的技术
Google 如何利用从使用 Google 服务的网站和应用中收集的信息
关键词
非个人身份信息
记录的与用户相关的信息，但不再反映或涉及用户的个人身份信息。
服务器日志
与大多数网站一样，我们的服务器会自动记录您在访问网站时所发出的网页请求。这些“服务器日志”通常包括您的网络请求、互联网协议地址、浏览器类型、浏览器语言、请求的日期和时间及可以唯一识别您的浏览器的一个或多个 Cookie。
以搜索“cars”为例，典型的日志条目如下所示：
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
是由用户的 ISP 指定给用户的 IP 地址。在用户每次连接到互联网时，服务提供商为其指定的地址都可能会不同，具体取决于用户所使用的服务。
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
是查询日期和时间。
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
是请求访问的网址，其中包含搜索查询字词。
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
是所使用的浏览器和操作系统。
740674ce2123a969
是系统在特定计算机首次访问 Google 时为其指定的唯一 Cookie ID。（用户可以删除 Cookie。如果用户在最后一次访问 Google 后从计算机中删除了相应的 Cookie，则当用户从该设备再次访问 Google 时，系统会为该设备指定这个唯一 Cookie ID。）
个人信息
您向我们提供的个人身份信息，例如您的姓名、电子邮件地址或帐单信息，或 Google 可通过合理方式关联到此类信息的其他数据，例如我们关联到您的 Google 帐号的信息。
关联公司
关联公司是指隶属于 Google 公司集团的实体，包括以下在欧盟地区提供消费者服务的公司：Google Ireland Limited、Google Commerce Ltd、Google Payment Corp 和 Google Dialer Inc。详细了解
在欧盟地区提供商用服务的公司
。
敏感的个人信息
这是一种特殊类别的个人信息，与医疗保密信息、种族或民族背景、政治/宗教信仰或性取向等主题有关。
设备
设备是指可用于访问 Google 服务的计算机。例如桌面设备、平板电脑、智能音响设备和智能手机都可视为设备。
使用浏览器进行网络存储
“使用浏览器进行网络存储”的机制可让网站将数据存储在设备上的浏览器中。如果在“本地存储”模式下使用该机制，则数据可存储在各个会话中。这样一来，即使在关闭并重新打开浏览器后，用户仍可以获取相应数据。有助于实现网络存储的技术之一就是 HTML 5。
算法
计算机在执行解题运算时遵循的流程或一系列规则。
唯一标识符
唯一标识符是一串字符，可用于唯一标识浏览器、应用或设备。不同的标识符在有效期、是否可由用户重置以及获取方式方面会有所不同。
唯一标识符具有多种用途，其中包括检测安全风险和欺诈行为、将服务（例如您的电子邮件收件箱）同步、记录您的偏好以及提供合乎个人需求的广告。例如，根据 Cookie 中存储的唯一标识符，网站可以在浏览器中以您的首选语言显示内容。您可以将浏览器配置为拒绝所有 Cookie 或在网站发送 Cookie 时显示提示。 详细了解
Google 如何使用 Cookie
。
在浏览器以外的其他平台上，唯一标识符可用于识别特定设备或其中的应用。例如，系统可以根据广告 ID 之类的唯一标识符在 Android 设备上提供具有相关性的广告（您可以在设备的设置部分
管理
此类标识符）。设备制造商还可以在设备中编入唯一标识符（有时称为通用唯一 ID 或 UUID），比如手机的 IMEI 号。举例来说，系统可以根据设备的唯一标识符针对设备定制 Google 服务，或分析与 Google 服务相关的设备问题。
像素标签
像素代码是在网站或电子邮件正文中应用的一种技术，用于跟踪特定活动（例如网站的浏览次数或电子邮件的打开时间）。像素代码经常与 Cookie 结合使用。
引荐来源网址
引荐来源网址（统一资源定位地址）是网络浏览器传送至目标网页的信息，通常是在您点击指向相应网页的链接后传送。引荐来源网址包含您在浏览器中最后一次访问的网页的网址。
应用数据缓存
应用数据缓存是指设备上的一种数据存储机制。使用它有很多好处，例如，可让网络应用在未连接互联网的情况下运行，以及可通过提高内容加载速度来改善相关应用的性能。
Cookie
Cookie 是在您访问网站时发送到您计算机上的一种小文件，其中包含一串字符。当您再次访问相应网站时，网站就可通过 Cookie 识别您的浏览器。Cookie 可能会存储用户偏好及其他信息。您可以将浏览器配置为拒绝所有 Cookie 或在网站发送 Cookie 时显示提示。不过，如果没有 Cookie，某些网站功能或服务可能无法正常工作。详细了解
当您使用 Google 合作伙伴的网站或应用时
，
Google 如何使用 Cookie
以及如何使用相关数据（包括 Cookie）。
Google 帐户
只要注册
Google 帐号
并向我们提供一些个人信息（通常是您的姓名、电子邮件地址和密码），您就可以使用我们的某些服务。当您访问 Google 服务时，系统会利用这些帐号信息对您进行身份验证，以防止未经授权的人员访问您的帐号。您可以随时在 Google 帐号设置部分修改或删除帐号。
IP 地址
每台上网的设备都会被指定一个编号，也就是我们所说的互联网协议 (IP) 地址。这些编号通常都是根据地理区域指定的。IP 地址通常可用于识别设备连接至互联网时所在的位置。详细了解
Google 如何使用位置信息
。
其他背景信息
安全性和可靠性
我们会通过多种方式利用您的信息来确保 Google 服务的安全性和可靠性，这些方式包括：
收集和分析 IP 地址及 Cookie 数据，以防止自动化滥用行为。此类滥用行为有多种形式，例如向 Gmail 用户发送垃圾邮件、以欺骗性手段点击广告来骗取广告主的广告费，或通过发起分布式拒绝服务 (DDoS) 攻击来删改内容。
Gmail 中的“上次帐号活动时间”功能有助于您了解是否有人在您不知情的情况下访问过您的电子邮箱，如果有，则让您了解访问的时间。此功能会显示与 Gmail 中的近期活动有关的信息，例如访问您的邮箱时使用的 IP 地址、相关位置信息，以及访问时间和日期。
了解详情
安装了 Google 应用的 Android 设备
安装了 Google 应用的 Android 设备包括由 Google 或我们的某个合作伙伴销售的设备，其中包括手机、相机、车辆、穿戴式设备和电视。这些设备采用了 Google Play 服务和其他预装应用，包括 Gmail、Google 地图、手机上的相机、手机拨号器、文字转语音、键盘输入和安全功能等服务。 详细了解
Google Play 服务
。
遍布世界各地的服务器
例如，我们运营的数据中心遍布
世界各地
，以协助确保我们的产品随时可供用户使用。
代表广告主提供广告和调查服务
例如，商家可以上传来自其会员卡计划的数据，以便在搜索结果或购物结果中包含会员信息，或更好地了解其广告系列的效果。我们只会向广告主提供不包含个人信息的汇总报告。
第三方
例如，我们会处理您的信息，以便向权利持有者提供其内容在 Google 服务中使用情况的统计数据报告。如果有人搜索您的姓名，我们也可能会对您的信息进行处理，并在搜索结果中显示含有您的公开信息的网站。
电话号码
如果您将电话号码添加到自己的帐号中，则该电话号码可在各项 Google 服务中有不同的用途，具体取决于您的设置。例如，您的电话号码可用于帮助您在忘记密码时访问自己的帐号，用来帮助其他人找到您并与您联系，以及向您显示更合乎您的需求的广告。
了解详情
定制 Google 服务
例如，我们可能会在 Google 搜索首页中显示 Google 涂鸦，以庆祝您所在国家/地区特有的活动。
定制的搜索结果
例如，当您登录自己的 Google 帐号并启用“网络与应用活动记录”控制项后，Google 会根据您之前的搜索记录以及在其他 Google 服务中的活动向您提供更合乎您需求的搜索结果。您可以
点击此处了解详情
。即使您未登录帐号，也可以获得定制的搜索结果。如果您不需要这种级别的自定义搜索，可以
进行私密搜索和私密浏览
，或关闭
在未登录帐号时的搜索个性化设置
。
法律程序或强制性的政府要求
Google 与其他技术公司和通信公司一样，经常会收到世界各地的政府机构和法院发来的用户数据披露要求。对于您存储在 Google 的数据，我们一向注重保护其隐私和安全，在根据法律要求提供数据时，我们也会将这一点放在首位。我们的法律团队会审核每一项要求（无论其为何种类型），并且我们经常会在相应要求过于宽泛或不符合正确流程时将其驳回。 有关详情，请参阅我们的
透明度报告
。
防范滥用行为
例如，如果我们收到关于安全威胁的信息，就可以在认定您的帐号已遭到入侵时通知您，同时协助您采取措施保护您的帐号。
付款信息
例如，如果您向自己的 Google 帐号添加信用卡或其他付款方式，则可以使用相应付款方式在 Google 服务中购物，例如在 Play 商店中购买应用。我们可能还会要求您提供其他信息（例如营业税 ID），以便处理您的付款。在有些情况下，我们可能还需要验证您的身份，并且可能会要求您提供所需的信息。
在有些情况下，比如您输入了错误的出生日期，而该出生日期表明您未达到规定的年龄因而让您无法拥有 Google 帐号，那么我们可能还会利用付款信息来确认您是否符合年龄要求。
了解详情
负责处理您的信息的数据控制方
这是指负责处理您的信息并遵守适用隐私保护法的 Google 关联公司。
改进
例如，我们会利用 Cookie 分析用户与 Google 服务的互动情况，并可以根据分析结果打造更好的产品。例如，分析结果可能有助于我们发现用户完成某项任务用时过长或者根本无法完成所有步骤。这样一来，我们就可以针对所有用户重新设计相应功能并改进产品。
个性化广告
您可能还会看到根据广告主提供的信息投放的个性化广告。例如，如果您曾在某个广告主的网站上购物，则他们可以利用相应访问信息向您展示广告。
了解详情
公众
例如，如果收到从 Google 服务中
移除内容的要求
，我们会依据 Google 的内容移除政策或适用法律来处理与要求相关的信息，以便既能评估相应要求，又能确保我们的做法公开透明、更负责任，并防止要求被滥用/被用于进行欺诈。
检测滥用行为
如果我们在系统中检测到违反 Google 政策的垃圾邮件、恶意软件、非法内容（包括
儿童性虐待/剥削资料
）和其他形式的滥用行为，则可能会停用您的账号或采取其他适当措施。在某些情况下，我们可能还会向相应机构举报违规行为。
可公开访问的来源
例如，我们可能会收集网络上的公开信息或来自其他公开来源的信息，帮助训练 Google 的 AI 模型并打造实用产品和功能（比如 Google 翻译、Gemini 应用和 Cloud AI 功能）。如果商家的信息出现在了网站上，我们可能会将这些信息编入索引并显示在 Google 服务中。
可以关联信息
Google Analytics（分析）需要使用第一方 Cookie，即由 Google Analytics（分析）用户设置的 Cookie。如果您使用我们的系统，Google Analytics（分析）用户或 Google 可能会将通过 Google Analytics（分析）生成的数据关联到第三方 Cookie（这些 Cookie 用于记录对其他网站的访问）。例如，广告主可能会想要利用 Google Analytics（分析）数据制作更合乎用户需求的广告或进一步分析流量。
了解详情
来自您设备的传感器数据
您的设备可能包含相应的传感器，以便更好地了解您的位置和移动情况。例如，加速度计可用于检测您的速度，陀螺仪可用于检测行进方向。详细了解
Google 如何使用位置信息
。
浏览内容和广告的次数以及与它们互动的次数
例如，我们会收集关于广告的浏览次数和互动次数信息，以便向广告主提供汇总报告，例如让他们知道我们是否已将其广告投放到某个网页，以及浏览者是否有可能看到了相应广告，等等。我们可能还会衡量其他互动，例如您在广告上移动鼠标的方式，或您是否与广告所在的页面进行了互动。
敏感类别
向您展示个性化广告时，我们会根据您的活动使用我们认为您可能感兴趣的主题。例如，您可能会看到“烹饪和食谱”或“航空旅行”等方面的广告。我们不会使用基于种族、宗教、性取向或健康状况等敏感类别的广告主题或展示基于这些类别的个性化广告。我们
要求使用 Google 服务的广告主同样遵守这项规定
。
您觉得最有用的广告
例如，如果您在 YouTube 上观看有关烘焙的视频，那么在浏览网页时，可能会看到更多关于烘培的广告。我们可能还会根据您的 IP 地址确定您的大体位置，以便在您搜索“披萨”时为您投放关于附近披萨外卖服务的广告。详细
了解 Google 广告
以及
您会看到特定广告的原因
。
您已加标签的地点（例如家或工作地点）
您可以选择将对您非常重要的地点（例如家或工作地址）保存到您的 Google 账号中。如果您设置了家或工作地址，系统便可利用这些地址信息帮助您更轻松地处理大小事务，例如查询路线或查找离您家或工作地点更近的结果，以及看到更实用的广告。
您可随时在自己的
Google 账号
中修改或删除您的住址或工作地址信息。
您在其他网站和应用中的活动
这可能是您在使用 Google 服务时进行的活动，例如将您的帐号与 Chrome 同步，访问与 Google 合作的网站和应用，等等。很多网站和应用都选择与 Google 合作，以便改善他们的内容和服务。例如，网站可能会使用我们的广告服务（例如 AdSense）或分析工具（例如 Google Analytics（分析）），也可能会嵌入其他内容（例如 YouTube 视频）。这些服务可能会与 Google 分享您的活动信息，而 Google 可能会将这些数据与您的个人信息相关联，具体取决于您的
帐号设置
和所使用的产品（例如当合作伙伴结合使用 Google Analytics（分析）和我们的广告服务时）。
详细了解
当您使用我们的合作伙伴的网站或应用时 Google 会如何使用相关数据。
确保 Google 服务正常运行
例如，我们会持续监控我们的系统，以便及时发现问题。如果我们发现某项功能存在问题，那么查看在问题出现之前收集的活动信息将有助于我们更快地解决问题。
确保和改进
例如，我们会分析用户与广告的互动情况，以改善我们投放的广告的效果。
让公众受益
例如，我们会处理与从 Google 服务中
移除内容的要求
相关的信息，目的是让公众知情、为研究提供支持、确保这类要求公开透明。
设备
例如，我们可以利用来自您设备的信息帮助您确定在哪台设备上安装您从 Google Play 购买的应用或观看您从 Google Play 购买的影片。我们还会利用这些信息来帮助保护您的帐号。
设备周边事物的相关信息
如果您在 Android 设备上使用 Google 的位置信息服务，则我们可以对需要使用您的位置信息的应用（如 Google 地图）改进性能。如果您使用 Google 的位置信息服务，您的设备会向 Google 发送有关其位置、传感器（如加速度计）、附近基站和 Wi-Fi 接入点（如 MAC 地址和信号强度）的信息。所有这些信息都有助于我们确定您的位置。您可以通过设备设置启用 Google 位置信息服务。
了解详情
使用我们在各项 Google 服务中收集的信息
下面列举了一些示例，以便您了解我们会如何根据您的设置，使用在各项 Google 服务中收集的信息：
登录 Google 帐号后在 Google 中进行搜索时，您不仅可以看到来自公共网络的搜索结果，还可以看到您在其他 Google 产品（如 Gmail 或 Google 日历）中的内容的相关信息，这些信息可能包括您即将搭乘的航班的状态、餐厅和酒店预订，或您的照片。
了解详情
如果您通过 Gmail 与某人进行了联系并希望将对方添加到某个 Google 文档或 Google 日历活动中，方法很简单：当您开始输入对方的姓名时，Google 就会自动显示其电子邮件地址。此功能可让您更轻松地与您知道的人分享内容。
了解详情
Google 应用可以利用您存储在其他 Google 产品中的数据向您展示个性化内容，具体取决于您的设置。例如，如果您在“网络与应用活动记录”中存储了搜索记录，那么 Google 应用就可以根据您的活动记录，向您展示与您感兴趣的内容相关的新闻报道和其他信息，如赛事比分。
如果将您的 Google 账号与 Google Home 关联，您可以通过 Google 助理管理您的信息并处理各项事务。例如，您可以将活动添加到 Google 日历中或获取当天的日程安排，查询您即将搭乘的航班的最新状态，或者向自己的手机发送行车路线等信息。
了解详情
如果您是欧盟境内的用户，那么您在关联服务方面所做的决定将影响某些 Google 服务在各项 Google 服务中使用数据的方式。
适当的保护措施
例如，我们可能会对数据进行匿名或加密处理，以确保相关数据无法与您的其他信息相关联。
了解详情
特定 Google 服务
例如，您可以从 Blogger 中删除
您的博客
，或者从 Google 协作平台中删除
您拥有的 Google 协作平台
。您还可以删除自己在 Play 商店中对应用、游戏和其他内容的
评价
。
特定合作伙伴
例如，我们允许 YouTube 内容创作者和广告主同评估公司合作，以利用 Cookie 或类似技术了解其 YouTube 视频或广告的受众群体。再比如，我们的购物网页上的商家可以利用 Cookie 来了解有多少不同用户看过他们的产品详情。
详细了解
这些合作伙伴以及他们如何使用您的信息。
提供 Google 服务
我们会通过多种方式利用您的信息来提供 Google 服务，这些方式包括：
我们会利用您的设备分配到的 IP 地址向您发送您请求的数据，例如加载 YouTube 视频。
我们会利用您设备上的 Cookie 中存储的唯一标识符来帮助验证您的身份，确认您是否有权访问您的 Google 帐号。
我们会利用您上传到 Google 相册中的照片和视频帮助您创建可分享的影集、拼图和其他创作内容。
了解详情
我们可能会根据您收到的航班确认电子邮件在 Gmail 中创建“办理登机手续”按钮。
当您从 Google 购买服务或有形商品时，您可能会向我们提供诸如送货地址或配送说明等信息。我们会将这类信息用于处理、履行和配送订单，以及提供与您所购买的产品或服务相关的支持。
我们的用户
例如，为了防范滥用行为并确保我们的在线内容管理做法更公开透明、更负责任，如果收到从 Google 服务中移除内容的要求，我们会将与要求相关的数据分享给 Lumen。Lumen 会收集并分析这类要求，以便为研究提供支持，进而帮助互联网用户了解其权利。
了解详情
。
显示趋势
当有大量用户开始搜索某项内容时，我们可以从中了解与当时的特定趋势相关的实用信息。Google 趋势会对 Google 网页搜索内容进行抽样，从而评估在某个时间段内相关搜索内容的热门程度，并将这些结果以汇总的形式予以公开。
了解详情
需要使用 Cookie 才能正常运行
例如，我们会使用名为“lbcs”的 Cookie，以便您可以在一个浏览器中打开多个 Google 文档。阻止该 Cookie 会导致 Google 文档无法正常使用。
了解详情
移除
例如，如上所述，您可以根据适用法律（包括数据保护法）和我们的政策，
请求从特定 Google 服务中移除内容
，包括可能包含您个人信息的内容。
用于接打电话或收发消息的服务
此类服务的示例包括：
Google Voice，用于接打电话、发送短信和管理语音信箱
Google Meet，用于接打视频电话
Gmail，用于收发电子邮件
Google Chat，用于收发消息
Google Duo，用于接打视频电话和收发消息
Google Fi - 用于选择通话资费方案
与 Google 合作
有 200 多万个与 Google 合作展示广告的非 Google 网站和应用。
了解详情
与您的 Google 帐号同步
只有当您为 Chrome 启用了与 Google 帐号同步功能后，您的 Chrome 浏览记录才会保存到您的 Google 帐号名下。
了解详情
与生理/心理健康相关的类似信息
如果您使用我们提供的健身产品/应用（例如 Fitbit、Pixel Watch、Nest 或 Google 健身），我们会收集您提供的数据，例如您的身高和体重。我们还会从这些应用/设备中收集信息，例如您的睡眠模式、心率、体表温度、消耗卡路里数和行走步数。
语音和音频信息
例如，您可以选择是否希望 Google 在您与 Google 搜索、Google 助理和 Google 地图互动时将相关录音保存到您的 Google 帐号。当您的设备检测到“Ok Google”等语音启动指令时，Google 会将您接下来以及在您发出启动指令前的几秒内的语音和音频录制下来。
了解详情
在 Google 服务中的活动记录
如果您已登录 Google 帐号并开启了“网络与应用活动记录”，系统可能会将您在 Google 网站、应用和服务中的活动记录数据保存到您帐号的“网络与应用活动记录”中。某些活动记录可能会包含您在使用 Google 服务时所在大致区域的相关信息。当您使用大致区域信息进行搜索时，系统会在至少 3 平方公里的区域范围内搜索，或者会扩大搜索范围直到所覆盖的人口不少于 1,000 人。这有助于保护您的隐私。
在某些情况下，系统可能会使用您过去搜索时所在的区域推测与您的搜索相关的地点。例如，如果您身在西塘古镇时搜索了茶馆，Google 就可能会针对您日后的搜索显示有关西塘古镇的搜索结果。
您可在
我的活动记录
中查看和控制您的“网络与应用活动记录”。
在使用 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用中的活动
集成了广告、数据分析等 Google 服务的网站和应用会与我们分享信息。
无论您使用什么浏览器或浏览器模式，系统都会收集这类信息。例如，尽管 Chrome 中的无痕模式有助于防止使用您设备的其他人员得知您的浏览活动，但当您使用集成了 Google 服务的第三方网站和应用时，这些网站和应用仍可能会与 Google 分享信息。
您可以通过多种方式控制在您访问使用 Google 服务的网站和应用或与之互动时分享的信息，不妨
详细了解
一下其中的部分方式。
在网上哪些人对您来说最重要
例如，当您在所撰写电子邮件的“收件人”、“抄送”或“密送”字段中输入地址时，Gmail 会根据您
最常联系的人员
向您建议电子邮件地址。
Google
Google 大全
隐私权
条款
信息公开中心
一个下拉列表，用于更改网站语言。每个选项都是语言名称。共有 65 个语言选项。
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
主菜单
Google 应用
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 6
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 7
http://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 8
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
ironSource Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 6th, 2024
The following policy governs how ironSource Ltd. (“ironSource“, “Company” “we” or “us“), and its subsidiaries, handle information collected from users of its websites, at the addresses
is.com/
, lunalabs.io/, bidalgo.com/, tapjoy.com/ and their subdomains (the “Sites“), including ironSource Mobile Dashboard, Tapjoy Dashboard, Luna Create Hub and the Luna Control Hub (the “Dashboards”).
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use available on the Site, which this Privacy Policy is incorporated thereto by reference.
Please note that this privacy policy covers our privacy practices only with respect to the Sites.
If you would like to review our privacy policies for our products and services, please see the links below:
Mobile Ad Network and Mediation Platform –
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Supersonic Studios Apps –
https://supersonic.com/privacy/
Tapjoy’s privacy policy –
https://dev.tapjoy.com/en/legal/Privacy-Policy
The Sites are accessible for individuals around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. These disclosures cover laws and regulations applicable to the following regions:
Individuals who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland
– With respect to the collection and processing of their personal data, as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and the UK Data Protection Act.
If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey
– please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)
BY ACCESSING THE SITES AND/OR USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY“), INCLUDING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SITES.
Information We Collect, and Purposes of Processing
We collect the following types of information from Users:
Information collected automatically from Users who are visiting the Sites (“Site Information”):
Technical Information
– Technical information about your browser and device is automatically collected when you visit the Sites, or the Dashboard apps. Such information consists of the device’s IP address, device ID, the type and version of browser used to access the Sites, operating system, language of the browser and operating system, and type of device.
Interaction Information
– Information about your interactions with the Sites or Dashboard apps (e.g. whether you clicked on a specific link, where you clicked, time on Sites, etc.).
Information you voluntarily provide us:
Registration Information
– When you register to our services, you will be asked to provide your email address, password, billing information, details about your apps, and payment details.
Job Application Information
– When you choose to apply for a job at ironSource via the Sites, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, email address, phone number, link to your Linkedin page, link to your website, and your CV.
Newsletter Information
– If you subscribe to our newsletter, you will be requested to provide your email address.
Event Information
– If you choose to register to an event we host, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, email address, phone number, job title, current company, and such other information necessary for attending the event.
Communication Information
– If you choose to communicate with us via an online form on the Sites, email, or automated chat service (‘chat bot’), you may provide us with information such as your name, and your email address, and any other information you choose to share with us.
Luna Create Hub Service Information
– If you use Luna Create Hub, you may permit us to upload your video creatives to your YouTube channel on your behalf, using YouTube API Services, by logging in to your YouTube account and providing us with your account’s session token. By using Luna Create Hub in that manner, you agree to be bound by the YouTube terms of service, available
here
. You may revoke our access to that information at any time via the Google security settings page
here
. You can find more information about Google’s privacy practices in the Google Privacy Policy, available
here
.
What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share information with our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and with vendors and service providers for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
Deletion or Modification of Personal Information
If for any reason you wish to modify or delete your Personal Information please send us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com, and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws.
Retention of Information
We store information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy. In some circumstances we may store information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements.
Minors
To use the Sites, you must be over the age of eighteen (18). Therefore, ironSource does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18) and does not wish to do so.  If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared Personal Information with us, please contact us.
Third Party Sites
While using the Sites you may encounter links to third party websites. Please be advised that such third party websites are independent sites, and we assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use or service of such websites.
Cookies
When you access or use the Sites, we may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” (or similar technologies), which store certain information on your computer and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your service experience much more convenient and effortless. It is easy to prohibit certain cookies. You can do so by editing your preferences through the Site’s cookie settings link. In addition, most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies your online experience may be limited.
Information to Individuals Located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom
International Transfers
– We store personal data on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States, and on the servers of our processors, which may be located outside of the European Union, or the United Kingdom. We will transfer personal data countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights.
Your Rights
– Data subjects have the right to request us to access, rectify or erase personal data that we process, or to restrict or object to its processing in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. A data subject can submit a request for exercising these rights by sending us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com. Please note that we will process the request subject to verification of the consumer’s identity.
A data subject that chooses to withdraw consent can do that by the cookie settings available on the Site.
A data subject also has the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of the consumer’s country or domicile) where we have not addressed the data subject’s concerns.
State Privacy Rights
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “Information We Collect, and Purposes of Processing” and the “Sharing Information With Third Parties” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to the choices you make on the Site, to the categories of third parties listed below:
– Advertising Companies; and
– Analytics Providers.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource. You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected or maintain about the you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data, ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise Your Rights
You can submit a request by sending us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com.
In order to exercise the right to opt out of our sale or sharing of your personal data, including for targeted advertising purposes, use the cookie settings provided in the Site.
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with a written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Verification Process and Required Information
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request. You will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.  We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We may also ask you to provide us a few of your device identifiers, so that we can verify your identity. Once we verify your identity, we will request additional information necessary to authenticate the request.
Information about California resident requests: As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents from June 1, 2023 to May 31, 2024.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy, we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ironsource_privacy@unity3d.com.
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
Attn: Data Protection Officer
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel (Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 9
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy for EEA
LAST UPDATED:
April 2021
EFFECTIVE:
May 2021
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi is committed to respecting and protecting individuals' privacy rights. This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi Pte Ltd, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, "InMobi" or "we", "us", "our") collect, use, secure, and/or disclose EEA end users’ (“you” or “your”) information when you view ads/ surveys served by InMobi on digital media, sites, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”)
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform services.
Marketing Platform services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
“EEA”
means all member states of the European Union and for the purpose of this Privacy Policy, U.K. and Switzerland.
2. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi is a global ad network with a suite of ad tech products. We partner with third-party mobile website publishers and mobile app developers to serve ads on their sites and in their apps, and InMobi may also serve ads on the site and mobile applications that InMobi owns. These ads may be customised to their users' interests and geographic locations, which we may derive or infer from information that we collect about how those users interact with such sites and apps (this type of advertising is often called "interest-based advertising" or "targeted advertising"). This enables our partnering publishers and developers to provide content-rich services that are more relevant to their users, often using the advertising revenues they generate to offer their services for free or at a subsidised cost. Further, we may also obtain user data from our data partners, advertisers and/or advertisers’ partners for optimising digital advertising and/or analytical purposes including to provide relevant advertising and reporting. Please note that collection, use or storage of such data is governed by the privacy policy of such third-party partners and/or advertisers providing the same. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners. InMobi may engage in cross-device data collection, which refers to the process of collecting data from devices that have been determined through statistical analysis to be linked or related. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple devices.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition or re-engagement through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
2.1 WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information about your device that you have viewed and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to improve our services including recognising your device when you use other sites and apps that have partnered with us. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connecte
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
(e) Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
(f) Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
(g) Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
(h) Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
On occasion, our partnering mobile publishers or app developers may also disclose to us certain information including email addresses of users in a hashed format (not in raw format) they have separately collected about you so that we can improve the relevance of the ads we serve on their behalf. They do this in accordance with their own specific privacy policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than serving you with interest-based ads or for reporting or analytical purpose(s).
2.3 HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze (including profiles, statistical analytics, audience segments, insights, data modelling, location analytics etc.) and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
2.4 WHO DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
(a) Publishers, Developers, Advertisers and Measurement Companies
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive regarding you as described in this Policy with our publishers, developers, data partners, measurement companies and advertisers. These partners may use this information to show you relevant ads, measure your ad/site interaction, identify your interest areas, better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behaviour in order to refine and improve their services. Such partners’ use of the information we share with them will be governed by their privacy policies.
(b) Marketing Partners
We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
(c) With InMobi Affiliates
We may also share your information with InMobi affiliates so that we can better provide advertising that is relevant to you.
(d) Third parties such as advisors and law enforcement authorities
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.(e) Service Providers
We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
(f) Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
4. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
InMobi may retain the information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract. After the 13-month period, InMobi may retain and use such data in aggregated format, as necessary for internal analytical purposes, to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject rights related requests.
Where we are using personal information to contact for marketing communications, if opted-in we will contact you periodically, if required by applicable laws, to ensure you are happy to continue receiving such communications.
If informed of election to no longer receive marketing communications from us, InMobi will stop sending the same.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, affiliates and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EU resident, we may share your information with our non-EU clients or affiliates), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. This means that their processing of your personal information will involve a transfer of data outside of the EEA.
Whenever InMobi transfers your personal information outside of the EEA, we ensure it is protected by making sure at least one of the following safeguards is in place:
by transferring your personal information to a country that has been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection by the European Commission;
by using specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give your personal information the same protection it has within the EEA including to US;
If you wish to learn more about the specific circumstances when each of these protection measures are used, you can contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
for the details as to how we protect specific transfer of your data.
7. INFORMATION COLLECTED ON BEHALF OF THIRD PARTIES
InMobi may offer advertising solutions to clients that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement, e.g. serving an ad that contains an advertiser questionnaire or suveys. Such information may consist of personally identifiable information, non-personally identifiable information, or both. All of the information that you voluntarily provide in response to this form of advertisement is typically forwarded directly to the relevant client and will be governed by that client's privacy policies in place. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi for the aforesaid purpose and reporting to client, subject to applicable legal requirements. For more information see
www.inmobi.com/leadgen
8. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services.
We may also use cookies to provide website functionality and advertising to you, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our cookie policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policies the third party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
9. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
InMobi complies with the age gating provisions under applicable privacy laws such as General Data Protection Regulation in EEA and Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the U.S and does not knowingly collect any personal data of children, as applicable.
10. OTHER WEBSITES?
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
11. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
12.YOUR RIGHTS
Right of access:
Where we hold personal information about you, you can ask us for access to this personal information, to correct or update any inaccurate personal information we hold, to stop sending you direct marketing or to stop using your personal information altogether.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to require InMobi to rectify any inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to have incomplete personal information we hold about you completed, by providing a supplementary statement to us.
Right to restriction:
You can restrict InMobi’s processing of your personal information where:
you think we hold inaccurate personal information about you;
our handling of your personal information breaks the law, but you do not want us to delete it;
InMobi no longer needs to process your personal information, but you want us to keep it for legal reasons; or
where we are handling your personal information because we have a legitimate interest, as described above, and are in the process of objecting to this use of your personal information.
Where you exercise your right to restrict InMobi from using your personal information, we will then only process your personal information when you agree, except for storage/archival purposes and to handle billing and legal claims.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, standard machine readable format and to send this to another organisation controlling your personal information. This right only applies to your personal information we are handling because you consented to us using it or because there is a contract in place between us.
Right to erasure:
You have the right to require InMobi to erase your personal information which we are handling in the following circumstances (anonymization would satisfy erasure):
where we no longer need to use your personal information for the reasons we told you we collected it for;
where we needed your consent to use your personal information, you have withdrawn your consent and there is no other lawful way we can continue to use your personal information;
when you object to our use of your personal information and we have no compelling reason to carry on handling it;
if our handling of your personal information is in violation of applicable law; and
when we must erase your personal information to comply with a law we are subject to.
Right to complain:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office, the supervisory authority for data protection issues.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may be able to make the update within your account settings or by contacting us using the details provided below.
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
14.CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.fyber.com/website-privacy-policy/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
Sub-policy 11
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/advertisers/#privacy-policy:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



en
jp
cn
kr
Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
Customer support
Customer support
Partnered with the best
For developers
Maximize app revenue with the Tapjoy offerwall
Roughly 15% of the top 100 grossing apps use offerwalls. That figure expands to 25% for top-grossing mobile games. Tapjoy is the industry leader in the offerwall category, with eCPMs for Android in the US exceeding
$
1,000. Plus, Tapjoy’s fully custom, native offerwall deployments that drive up to 30% more revenue than generic alternatives.
Get started
Get started
For advertisers
Acquire and engage users at scale with an offerwall campaign
On the Tapjoy offerwall, users have the choice to voluntarily engage with ads that interest them in exchange for a reward. The result is that your best users come to you.
Learn about CPE
Learn about CPE
Learn about CPA
Learn about CPA
Integrate the Tapjoy ad network
The Tapjoy ad network connects publishers with premium demand sources. Our solutions will help you monetize every user to their maximum potential.
Get started
Get started
What our customers are saying
Daphne Li, User Acquisition Director at Funplus
“Pay per event brings us better user retention and ROAS, It’s working so wonderfully for our games and we will always consider Tapjoy a top partner.”
View case study
View case study
Alexander Jorias, CEO & Co-Founder at Club Cooee
“Tapjoy currency sales provide a great way for us to boost ad revenue. In the last sale, we achieved an impressive 3.6x increase in revenue and a nearly 4x increase in conversion rate”
View case study
View case study
Magda Z, Senior User Acquisition Manager at Huuuge Games
“CPE is one of our most effective and high performing ad units when it comes to ROAS. Multi-Reward CPE also allows us to scale our UA campaigns while reducing the number of live offers we have to manage day-to-day.”
View case study
View case study
Rohan Panjiar, Director of Performance Marketing at Winc
“With Tapjoy, we were able to scale our DR offer for the 21+ audience AND keep our CPS in target range while improving our LTV.”
View case study
View case study
Expert insights to supercharge your offerwall strategy
Case Study
How King drove incremental scale with Tapjoy from Unity's Daily Rewards, exceeding their D7 ROAS goal by 1.5x
Read more >>
Blog
Tapjoy from Unity launches Daily Rewards, delivering Offerwall campaigns that bring users back to your app daily
Read more >>
Case Study
How Pocket FM monetized their non-paying users with ads and offerwall, boosting revenue 20%
Read more >>
Case Study
How IEC Games, a hyper-casual publisher, boosted their D7 ROAS by 40% with the Tapjoy offerwall
Read more >>
Blog
How to implement an offerwall placement strategy
Read more >>
Blog
9 tips to boost your UA over the holidays
Read more >>
Case Study
How 37 Games exceeded their D30 ROAS goal by 35% with the Tapjoy offerwall
Read more >>
Case Study
How Crazy Maple Studio exceeded their D7 ROAS goal by 150% and drove 120% higher LTV with the Tapjoy from Unity offerwall
Read more >>
Case Study
PikPok increases Offerwall revenue 2x with M2E on the Tapjoy Offerwall
Read more >>
Case Study
How Lotte Members boosted their ad revenue 20x and increased eCPM 10x with Tapjoy from Unity
Read more >>
Case Study
How Appynation optimized the Tapjoy Offerwall, multiplying iOS revenue 9x and increasing Android revenue 2x without cannibalizing IAP
Read more >>
Case Study
How MY.GAMES transformed their monetization strategy and expanded their global reach with Tapjoy, increasing their Offerwall revenue by 181% without sacrificing any IAP revenue
Read more >>
Case Study
How King drove incremental scale with Tapjoy from Unity's Daily Rewards, exceeding their D7 ROAS goal by 1.5x
Read more >>
Blog
Tapjoy from Unity launches Daily Rewards, delivering Offerwall campaigns that bring users back to your app daily
Read more >>
Case Study
How Pocket FM monetized their non-paying users with ads and offerwall, boosting revenue 20%
Read more >>
Case Study
How IEC Games, a hyper-casual publisher, boosted their D7 ROAS by 40% with the Tapjoy offerwall
Read more >>
Blog
How to implement an offerwall placement strategy
Read more >>
Blog
9 tips to boost your UA over the holidays
Read more >>
Case Study
How 37 Games exceeded their D30 ROAS goal by 35% with the Tapjoy offerwall
Read more >>
Case Study
How Crazy Maple Studio exceeded their D7 ROAS goal by 150% and drove 120% higher LTV with the Tapjoy from Unity offerwall
Read more >>
Case Study
PikPok increases Offerwall revenue 2x with M2E on the Tapjoy Offerwall
Read more >>
Case Study
How Lotte Members boosted their ad revenue 20x and increased eCPM 10x with Tapjoy from Unity
Read more >>
Case Study
How Appynation optimized the Tapjoy Offerwall, multiplying iOS revenue 9x and increasing Android revenue 2x without cannibalizing IAP
Read more >>
Case Study
How MY.GAMES transformed their monetization strategy and expanded their global reach with Tapjoy, increasing their Offerwall revenue by 181% without sacrificing any IAP revenue
Read more >>
‹
›
Check out more Unity products to create and grow your app
Learn more
Learn more
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 12
https://www.pangle.cn/privacy:
当前为您展示的内容为穿山甲中国大陆区产品及服务，根据您所在的地区，建议您访问穿山甲官方网站国际版，以获得更适用于您所在地区的产品信息与业务资讯。
前往 Pangle官网
我知道了
首页
/
协议条款
/
隐私政策
穿山甲广告SDK隐私政策
服务条款
穿山甲广告SDK隐私政策
更新日期：2024年12月25日
生效日期：2025年01月01日
作为穿山甲广告SDK产品/服务的提供方，北京巨量引擎网络技术有限公司及其关联方（以下简称“我们”）高度重视个人信息的保护。穿山甲广告SDK为开发者提供广告投放及效果优化服务
，
本隐私政策所称之穿山甲广告SDK产品和/或服务，以下统称“本服务”。 在最终用户（以下简称“您”）使用开发者开发和/或运营的网站或应用软件（包括APP、小程序、快应用、网页等，以下简称“开发者应用”）时，如果开发者集成了本服务后，我们将通过开发者应用向您提供相关功能和服务，我们深知按照本隐私政策及法律法规的规定处理您的个人信息，保护您的个人信息及隐私安全。
特别声明：
本隐私政策不能替代开发者应用的隐私政策。 开发者应就其应用收集处理个人信息的情况向您披露隐私政策，以向您声明其如何收集、处理及保护您的个人信息。 如果您寻求行使个人信息主体权利，请与相应开发者进行联系。
您通过开发者应用所使用的本服务，由开发者根据其应用所需自行选择配置，并可能因为您所使用的开发者应用版本不同而有所差异。如果开发者应用版本中不包括我们的某些功能或服务，则本隐私政策中涉及前述功能和服务及相关个人信息的处理内容将不适用。
开发者在接入穿山甲广告SDK前应详细阅读并同意遵守本隐私政策、
《穿山甲广告SDK合规使用说明》
和
《开发者个人信息保护合规指引》
内容，并根据合规说明内容进行相关合规配置。
请开发者在接入穿山甲广告SDK前，务必仔细阅读本隐私政策，特别是以加粗提示的条款应重点阅读，并确认已经充分理解本隐私政策的内容，按照本隐私政策，作出认为适当的选择。同时，开发者应向您告知开发者应用集成穿山甲广告SDK的情况，包括穿山甲广告SDK名称、主体名称、处理个人信息种类及目的、本隐私政策链接等内容，以便于您了解相关内容并获取您的同意。一旦您接受或使用穿山甲广告SDK提供的服务，即表示您已充分理解并同意本政策。除非另有说明，如果开发者或您不同意本隐私政策或其更新，开发者或您应立即停止接入和/或使用本服务。
本《隐私政策》将帮助您了解以下内容：
我们希望通过本《隐私政策》向您清晰、准确且完整地说明，您在使用集成了穿山甲广告SDK的开发者应用时，我们如何采集、处理和保护您的个人信息。
一、我们如何收集和使用个人信息
二、我们如何存储个人信息
三、数据使用过程中涉及的合作方以及转移、公开个人信息
四、管理个人信息
五、我们如何保护个人信息安全
六、未成年人保护条款
七、隐私政策的查阅和修订
八、联系我们
九、其他
一、我们如何收集和使用个人信息
在您使用穿山甲广告SDK提供的服务过程中，我们将根据合法、正当、必要的原则收集信息。
1、穿山甲广告SDK的功能介绍
（1）基本功能：穿山甲广告SDK的基本业务功能为在开发者应用中进行广告投放活动，包括广告展示、监测、归因及投放效果分析与优化。
（2）扩展功能：穿山甲广告SDK的扩展业务功能主要为提供个性化推荐服务，关于扩展功能的配置方式详见
《穿山甲广告SDK合规使用说明》。
2、个人信息的采集
如您使用集成穿山甲广告SDK的开发者应用，穿山甲广告SDK会通过开发者应用采集下列信息并申请相应权限。开发者应向您告知穿山甲广告SDK名称、主体名称、处理个人信息种类及目的、隐私政策等内容，取得您的同意后方可使用穿山甲广告SDK开展相关业务功能。由于不同SDK版本采集的信息字段与是否可选可能存在一定差异，具体采集情况以您实际使用的开发者应用所接入的SDK版本为准。
SDK名称
功能描述
个人信息类型
个人信息字段
用途和目的
穿山甲广告SDK
广告投放合作
设备信息
必选信息
：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】设备品牌、型号、软件系统版本、屏幕密度、屏幕分辨率、设备语言、设备时区、sim卡信息（mcc&mnc）、CPU信息、可用存储空间大小等基础信息
【Android】AndroidID、OAID
【iOS】手机系统重启时间、磁盘总空间、系统总内存空间、IDFV
【HarmonyOS】ODID
可选信息：
【Android+iOS】设备MAC地址（如为iOS端，则仅适用于IOS3200以下版本）
【Android】设备标识符（如IMEI、IMSI、ICCID、GAID（仅GMS服务）、MEID、硬件序列号build_serial，具体字段因软硬件版本不同而存在差异）
【iOS】设备标识符（如IDFA，具体字段因软硬件版本不同而存在差异）
【HarmonyOS】OAID
广告投放及广告反作弊。
其中，IMEI、IDFA、AndroidID、OAID、设备的MAC地址、设备型号还会用于广告监测归因。
网络信息
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】运营商信息、Wi-Fi状态、网络信号强度
保证网络服务有效性及稳定性。
其中，运营商信息、Wi-Fi状态还会用于广告投放。
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】IP地址
广告投放、广告监测归因、广告反作弊
应用信息
必选信息：
【Android+HarmonyOS】应用包名、运行中的进程信息、版本号、应用前后台状态
可选信息：
【Android】软件列表信息
广告投放、广告反作弊
传感器信息
可选信息：
【Android】线性加速度传感器、磁场传感器、旋转矢量传感器
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】加速度传感器、陀螺仪传感器
摇一摇、扭一扭等广告投放、广告反作弊
广告信息
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】对广告的展示、点击及转化等交互数据
广告监测归因、广告投放统计分析、广告反作弊
位置信息
可选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】精确位置信息、粗略位置信息（WiFi列表、WLAN接入点（如SSID，BSSID）、基站）
广告定向投放及广告反作弊。
性能数据
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】如崩溃数据、性能数据
减少App崩溃、提供稳定可靠的服务
特别提示您注意，我们不会要求您主动提交个人信息。我们采集的信息不能单独识别特定自然人的身份，并且基于本SDK的技术特性，其在运行过程客观上无法获取任何能够单独识别特定自然人身份的信息。
我们可能会对穿山甲广告SDK的功能和提供的服务有所调整变化，但请您知悉并了解，未经开发者主动集成或同意，我们不会自行变更开发者已设置的各项业务功能及个人信息配置状态。根据开发者所集成的SDK版本不同，本服务功能及个人信息处理情况存在差异。当您使用集成了本服务的开发者应用时，建议您仔细阅读并理解开发者所提供的隐私政策，以便做出适当的选择。
3、权限申请
您可以查阅
《穿山甲广告SDK应用权限申请与使用情况说明》
，以了解穿山甲广告SDK申请和使用系统权限的情况。
4、提供个性化推荐服务
为了展示、推荐相关性更高的信息，提供更契合您的服务，穿山甲广告SDK会收集、使用您的个人信息并通过计算机算法模型自动计算、预测您的偏好，以匹配您可能感兴趣的信息或服务，以下我们将详细说明该个性化推荐服务的运行机制以及您实现控制的方式。
a) 个性化推荐服务的适用范围：我们提供个性化推荐服务的范围包括但不限于投放广告，展示图文或视频/直播内容，推荐商品或者服务。
b) 个性化推荐服务收集的字段：为了提供个性化的服务，我们可能会收集、使用您的设备信息（包括硬件型号、操作系统版本、设备标识符（IMEI、IMSI、MAC地址、OAID、MEID、AndroidID、IDFA、IDFV）、您的操作信息（包括广告浏览、点击、转化等相关操作记录）、应用程序的总体安装使用情况以及经您授权由其他合作方提供的其他信息。系统会对上述信息进行自动分析和计算，预测您的偏好特征，根据计算结果提供个性化推荐广告和服务。
c) 个性化推荐服务的训练和干预：我们会根据您在使用过程中的浏览相关行为对推荐模型进行实时训练和反馈，不断调整优化推荐结果。为了满足您的多元需求，避免同类型内容过于集中，我们会综合运用多样化技术对内容进行自动化处理，更好地提供优质内容和服务。
请您理解，由于我们与您并无直接交互对话界面，如您希望退出个性化广告推荐功能，您可以在开发者应用内关闭。我们已向开发者提供退出个性化广告推荐服务的接口，并要求开发者确保在您选择关闭时调用该接口，以确保个性化广告推荐服务真实退出。
请开发者注意，如果您向最终用户提供穿山甲广告SDK提供的个性化广告推荐功能，您应在APP隐私政策中向最终用户告知相应的功能，详细查阅《穿山甲广告SDK合规使用说明》并根据我们提供配置方式进行相应配置，确保在最终用户选择关闭个性化广告推荐功能时调用相关接口，停止向最终用户继续提供个性化推荐广告。
5、其他用途
我们可能会对您提供或我们收集的信息进行去标识化地研究、统计分析和预测，用于改善和提升穿山甲SDK的服务，为营销决策提供产品或技术服务支撑。
我们还可能为了履行服务内容而收集您的其他信息，例如您与我们的客户服务团队联系时提供的相关信息。
6、征得授权同意的例外
请您理解，在下列情形中，根据法律法规及相关国家标准，我们收集和使用您的个人信息不必事先征得您的授权同意：
a.与我们履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
b.与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
c.与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
d.与刑事侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
e.出于维护您或他人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人授权同意的；
f.您自行向社会公众公开的个人信息；
g.根据个人信息主体要求签订和履行合同所必需的；
h.从合法公开披露的信息中收集的您的个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道；
i.用于维护软件及相关服务的安全稳定运行所必需的，例如发现、处置软件及相关服务的故障；
j.为开展合法的新闻报道所必需的；
k.为学术研究机构，基于公共利益开展统计或学术研究所必要，且对外提供学术研究或描述的结果时，对结果中所包含的个人信息进行去标识化处理的；
l.法律法规规定的其他情形。
特别说明：根据法律规定，如信息无法单独或结合其他信息识别到特定个人的，其不属于个人信息。当信息可以单独或结合其他信息识别到您时，或我们把没有与任何特定个人建立联系的数据与您的个人信息结合使用时，我们会将其作为您的个人信息，按照本隐私政策进行处理与保护。
二、我们如何存储个人信息
我们非常重视信息安全，并遵循严格的安全标准，使用符合业界标准的安全保护措施保护您提供的信息，采用各种合理的技术、运营和管理方面的安全措施来保护我们所采集的信息的安全。防止信息遭到未经授权的访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。
（一）信息存储的地点
我们依照法律法规的规定，将在中华人民共和国境内运营过程中收集和产生的个人信息存储于境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，如果开发者将您的个人信息传输至境外，开发者应履行数据出境相关的合规义务，向最终用户告知境外接收方的名称或者姓名、联系方式、处理目的、处理方式、个人信息的种类以及个人向境外接收方行使本法规定权利的方式和程序以及其他法律要求事项, 并应征得最终用户的单独同意，履行法律法规规定的评估程序，并满足法律法规所规定的其他条件。
（二）存储期限
我们仅在为开发者提供服务之目的所必需的期间内保留您的信息。超出与开发者约定的存储期限后，或者接到开发者的相应指令后，我们将对您的个人信息进行删除或匿名化处理，但法律法规另有规定的除外。
三、数据使用过程中涉及的合作方以及转移、公开个人信息
（一）数据使用过程中涉及的合作方
1、基本原则
a.合法原则：
与合作方合作过程中涉及数据使用活动的，必须具有合法目的、符合法定的合法性基础。如果合作方使用信息不再符合合法原则，则其不应再使用您的个人信息，或在获得相应合法性基础后再行使用。
b.正当与最小必要原则：
数据使用必须具有正当目的，且应以达成目的必要为限。
c.安全审慎原则：
我们将审慎评估合作方使用数据的目的，对这些合作方的安全保障能力进行综合评估，并要求其遵循合作法律协议。我们会对合作方获取信息的软件工具开发包（SDK）、应用程序接口（API）进行严格的安全监测，以保护数据安全。
2.委托处理
对于受托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与委托方根据法律规定签署相关协议并约定各自的权利和义务，确保在使用相关个人信息的过程中遵守法律的相关规定、保护数据安全。非经开发者同意，我们不会对您的信息进行转委托处理。我们仅按照开发者的委托和指示处理您的个人信息，并接受开发者与您对个人信息使用活动的监督。
3.共同处理
对于共同处理个人信息的场景，我们会与合作方根据法律规定签署相关协议并约定各自的权利和义务，确保在使用相关个人信息的过程中遵守法律的相关规定，保护数据安全。
4. 合作方的范围
若具体功能和场景中涉及由我们的关联方、第三方提供服务，则合作方范围包括我们的关联方与第三方。穿山甲广告SDK为实现特定功能需要，可能会接入由合作方提供的SDK以共同为您服务，穿山甲接入的合作方及其个人信息处理情况请详细查阅
《穿山甲广告SDK第三方信息共享清单》
。
（二）合作的场景
1、为实现相关功能或服务与关联方共享
当您在使用穿山甲广告SDK及其关联方产品服务期间，为保障您在我们及关联方提供的产品间所接受服务的一致性，并方便统一管理您的信息，我们会将您去标识化后的个人信息与这些关联方共享。
2、我们可能会与广告合作方共享信息
我们可能与委托我们进行推广和广告投放的合作伙伴和其他合作伙伴如广告主、代理商、广告监测服务商、进行广告投放与优化合作的关联方等（合称“广告合作方”）共享分析去标识化或匿名化处理的设备信息（IMEI、IDFA、OAID、AndroidID、MAC地址 ）、统计信息、标签信息或其他由穿山甲广告SDK所采集的必要信息。这些信息难以或无法与您的真实身份相关联。这些信息将帮助我们分析、衡量、优化广告和相关服务的有效性，提升广告有效触达率。
a) 广告推送与投放：进行推送/推广和广告投放或提供相关服务的广告合作方可能需要使用您的设备信息、网络信息、渠道信息以及标签信息；与广告主合作的广告推送/推广、投放/分析服务的广告合作方可能需要使用前述信息，以实现广告投放、优化与提升广告有效触达率。
b) 广告统计分析：提供广告统计分析服务的广告合作方可能需要使用您的设备、网络、广告点击、浏览、展示以及广告转化数据等信息用于分析、衡量、优化广告和相关服务的有效性。
c) 广告合作方对信息的使用：广告合作方可能将上述信息与其合法获取的其他数据相结合，以优化广告投放效果，我们会要求其对信息的使用遵循合法、正当、必要原则，保障您合法权利不受侵犯。
d) 广告留资信息：您在广告中主动填写、提交的联系方式、地址等相关信息，可能被广告主或其委托的合作方收集并使用。
3、实现安全与统计分析
3.1 保障使用安全：
我们非常重视产品和服务的安全性，为保障使用您的正当合法权益免受不法侵害，我们的合作方可能会使用必要的设备、帐号及日志信息。
3.2 分析产品情况：
为分析穿山甲广告SDK服务的稳定性，提供分析服务的合作方可能需要使用服务情况（崩溃、闪退记录）、设备标识信息、应用总体安装使用情况等信息。
3.3
学术科研
：为提升相关领域的科研能力，促进科技发展水平，我们在确保数据安全与目的正当的前提下，可能会与合作的科研院所、高校等机构使用去标识化或匿名化的数据。
（三）运营主体变更
随着业务的持续发展，我们将有可能进行合并、收购、资产转让，您的个人信息有可能因此而被转移。在发生前述变更时，我们将按照法律法规及不低于本隐私政策所载明的安全标准要求继受方保护您的个人信息，继受方变更原先的处理目的、处理方式的，我们将要求继受方重新征得您的授权同意。
（四）公开
我们不会主动公开您未自行公开的信息，除非遵循国家法律法规规定或者获得您的同意。
（五）依法豁免征得授权同意的情形
请理解，在下列情形中，根据法律法规及国家标准，合作方使用或我们转移、公开您的个人信息无需征得您的授权同意：
a) 根据您的要求订立或履行合同所必需；
b) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需，例如与国家安全、国防安全、与刑事侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的法定职责或者法定义务；
c) 为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护自然人的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
d) 为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
e) 在合理的范围内处理您自行公开的个人信息，或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息（如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道合法公开的个人信息）；
f) 法律法规规定的其他情形。
四、管理个人信息
（一）用户权利行使
我们非常重视您对个人信息管理的权利，包括查阅、复制、更正、补充、删除、撤回授权同意等权利，我们将尽全力帮助您管理您的个人信息，以使您有能力保障自身的隐私和信息安全。
您作为最终用户，请您知悉：由于您不是我们的直接用户，与我们并无直接的交互对话界面，为保障您的权利实现，我们已要求集成我方服务的开发者承诺，应为您提供便于操作的用户权利实现方式。请您知悉并理解，因开发者独立开发和运营其应用并与您直接发生交互，我们无法控制或全面掌握开发者应用中交互界面设计及其对个人信息权益的响应情况。
作为直接面向最终用户提供应用程序服务的开发者，在集成穿山甲广告SDK后为最终用户提供服务时：开发者应根据使用的开发者平台提供的功能设置，为最终用户提供并明确其个人信息管理的路径，并及时响应最终用户个人信息管理请求。
在开发者集成使用本服务过程中，如果最终用户提出管理其个人信息的请求，且开发者已确定该等请求涉及到本SDK产品处理的个人信息、需要我们协助处理时，开发者应当及时通过本隐私政策联系方式联系我们，并附上必要的最终用户请求的书面证明材料。我们将及时核验相关材料，并按照相关法律法规及本隐私政策， 为开发者响应最终用户的行权请求提供相应的支持与配合。
（二）停止运营
如果我们停止运营穿山甲广告SDK的服务，将及时停止继续收集您的个人信息。我们会向开发者发送通知并要求开发者以公告或其他适当的方式向您发送停止运营的告知，并对我们所持有的与已关停的产品或服务相关的个人信息进行删除。
五、我们如何保护个人信息安全
我们非常重视用户信息的安全，将努力采取合理的安全措施（包括技术方面和管理方面）来保护您的信息，防止您提供的信息被不当使用或未经授权的情况下被访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏、丢失或泄漏。
（一）安全技术措施
我们会使用不低于行业通行的加密技术、匿名化处理等合理可行的手段保护您的信息，并使用安全保护机制防止您的信息遭到恶意攻击。
（二）安全管理制度
我们会建立专门的安全部门、安全管理制度、数据安全流程保障您的信息安全。我们采取严格的数据使用和访问制度，确保只有授权人员才可访问您的信息，并适时对数据和技术进行安全审计。
我们会制定应急处理预案，并在发生用户信息安全事件时立即启动应急预案，努力阻止该等安全事件的影响和后果扩大。一旦发生用户信息安全事件（泄露、丢失等）后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已经采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。
我们将及时将事件相关情况以推送通知、邮件、信函、短信等形式告知您，难以逐一告知时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照相关监管部门要求，上报用户信息安全事件的处置情况。
（三）安全提示
尽管已经采取了上述合理有效措施，并已经遵守了相关法律规定要求的标准，但请您理解，由于技术的限制以及可能存在的各种恶意手段，在互联网行业，即便竭尽所能加强安全措施，也不可能始终保证信息百分之百的安全，我们将尽力确保您提供给我们的信息的安全性。您知悉并理解，您接入我们的服务所用的系统和通讯网络，有可能因我们可控范围外的因素而出现问题。因此，我们强烈建议您采取积极措施保护用户信息的安全，包括但不限于使用复杂密码、定期修改密码、不将自己的账号密码等信息透露给他人。
我们谨此特别提醒您，本隐私政策提供的用户信息保护措施仅适用于本服务。一旦您离开本服务相关页面，浏览或使用其他网站、产品、服务及内容资源，我们即没有能力及义务保护您在本服务之外的软件、网站提交的任何信息，无论您登录、浏览或使用上述软件、网站是否基于本服务的链接或引导。
六、未成年人保护条款
如开发者应用涉及处理不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，开发者应当向不满十四周岁未成年人的监护人详细告知处理未成年人个人信息的情况，并就该等处理事项获得未成年人监护人的授权同意，同时开发者还应当针对不满十四周岁未成年人制定专门的个人信息处理规则。
若您是不满十四周岁未成年人的监护人，如您发现存在未经您的授权而收集不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，或希望查阅、复制、更正、补充、删除、撤回同意所处理的不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，您可以联系SDK所接入的应用开发者，或通过本隐私政策中的联系方式与我们联系，我们将根据法律规定及时进行处理。如我们发现SDK所接入的应用开发者未获得未成年人监护人的授权同意而向我们传输不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，我们将主动删除。
七、隐私政策的查阅和修订
（一）为了提供更好的服务，穿山甲广告SD及相关服务将不时更新与变化，我们会适时对本隐私政策进行修订，这些修订构成本隐私政策的一部分。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您依据当前生效的隐私政策所应享受的权利。
（二）本隐私政策更新后，我们会在官网隐私政策公示页面及其他相关页面公布更新版本，以便开发者与您及时了解本隐私政策的最新版本。我们会向开发者告知本隐私政策更新的内容，由开发者向您告知并取得您的授权同意。
八、联系我们
如果您对个人信息保护及本隐私政策的内容有任何疑问、意见或建议，您可选择通过如下方式联系我们：
a）登录【www.csjplatform.com-“联系我们” 】
b）您可以将问题发送邮件至 union_service@bytedance.com
我们将尽快审核您的问题或建议，并在十五个工作日内予以回复。
九、其他
本隐私政策适用于穿山甲广告SDK。 需要特别说明的是， 本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的服务，也不适用于我们提供的已另行独立设置隐私权政策的SDK产品或服务。
请您了解，本政策中所述的穿山甲广告SDK及相关服务可能会根据您所使用的设备型号、系统版本、软件应用程序版本、移动客户端等因素而有所不同。最终处理个人信息的情况以您使用的开发者应用所实际集成的穿山甲广告SDK版本为准。
联系我们
Hi，可以尝试点击一下模块和我们联系~
在线客服
智能客服 7*24小时在线
人工客服 工作日 10~12点/14~19点
Sub-policy 13
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings