Nickelodeon Privacy Policy for Apple Arcade
Effective: February 6, 2023
Welcome to Nickelodeon on Apple Arcade! This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of the Nickelodeon family of brands, which is a programming service under Viacom International Inc., for the Nickelodeon-branded games included in the Apple Arcade (“Games”).  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes, we will revise the date at the top of the policy.
In the Nickelodeon-branded Games included in the Apple Arcade, , and these plug-ins collect information regarding your use of our Games:  Apple CloudKit (iCloud), Apple GameKit (Game Center), Apple App Analytics, Apple Crash Logging Tool, Amazon Web Services (AWS) Games Analytics, Multiplayer Servers.
Apple CloudKit/iCloud
:  When you play our Games, game play data is collected within the Game and transmitted and stored in your iCloud account storage to sync your game progress across devices.  The following game play data is stored in iCloud: (a) system settings (type of device used to play, language settings, BGM/SE volume settings, etc.); and (b) status of game progress (information on what stages have been cleared, what items are unlocked, etc.).  We do not receive or store this data on our servers.  You may decline to store data in iCloud at any time.  To turn off iCloud data storage, you must turn off iCloud for our games from Apple Device Settings.  As a result, some game features may not be available.  Your use of iCloud is subject to Apple’s applicable Privacy Policy.
Apple GameKit/Game Center
:  If you are signed in to Game Center on your Apple device, Apple will receive your gameplay activity, including leaderboard scores, achievements and status of unlocked achievements.   We do not receive or store this data on our servers.  If you choose to play multiplayer games, we will send your Game Center ID to our server to validate who you are and match you with other Game Center members. This ID is only stored long enough on our server to authenticate you with Apple and is deleted immediately after use.  You may decline to send data to Game Center at any time.  To stop sending data to Game Center, you must sign out of Game Center in Apple Device Settings.  As a result, you will not appear on leaderboards or be able to use other Game Center features including multiplayer.  Your use of Apple Game Center is subject to Apple’s applicable Privacy Policy.
Apple App Analytics
:  When you install and play our Games, Apple will collect certain anonymous analytical metrics on an opt-in basis to measure: (a) user engagement metrics, including number of sessions, active devices, and retention for your apps on iOS and tvOS; (b) app deletions; (c) App Store impressions; (d) crashes; (e) download dates; and (f) App Store sources.  Apple shares this information with Nickelodeon in an aggregated form.  Apple App Analytics operates pursuant to Apple’s applicable Privacy Policy.
Apple Crash Logging Tool
:  If a Game crashes, certain anonymous information necessary to analyze the crash is collected within the Game and transmitted to Apple including a unique identifier for the report, an anonymized per-device identifier, a unique identifier for the combination of the device and vendor of the crashed application, the version and the executable name for the process that crashed, and the OS version, including the build number, on which the crash occurred.  Apple shares this anonymous data with Nickelodeon so that we may trace and correct bugs within the Game.  Apple Crash Logging Tool operates pursuant to Apple’s Privacy Policy.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Games Analytics:
For users that are age 13 or older, we may prompt the user to opt-in to the collection and transmission of anonymous gameplay data to Amazon Web Services. Gameplay data can be one of the following types: (1) Level Data, such as the name of the level, type of the level, whether you won, loss or surrendered, coins collected, power-ups used and whether you used any customizations; (2) Purchase Data, such as the name of the item purchased and its cost; daily goals reached or rewards collected; (3) Mission Data, such as whether you accomplished a particular mission and how many tries it took; (4) Session Data, such as how long you played for and how many rounds you played, and (5) Device/OS Data, such as the type of device you use to access the Games and the operating system version on your device. We will not collect any persistent identifiers that could be used to track you across multiple sessions or across other Apple Arcade Games or connect your gameplay data to your identity, device, Apple ID, or any external source. Your anonymized gameplay data will be stored as individual reports of your actions and only be used to debug issues and to create metrics pertaining to the Games. It will be stored on a Nickelodeon operated instance of Amazon Web Services that is not accessible by Amazon or other third parties. You may adjust your preferences at any time in the Game Settings.
Any information we may have access to through the above-listed services or plug-ins may be used for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Games, as well as to develop new content and features. We may share
non-personal information
with unaffiliated companies or individuals we hire or work with that perform services on our behalf in developing and maintaining the Games and who perform customer service.
Perform our contractual obligations.
Debug the Games to identify and repair errors.
Protect the rights and property of Nickelodeon and others and comply with our legal obligations, including to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and other illegal activities and to enforce our agreements.
We may disclose information to other Nickelodeon or related companies, our parent company, and its subsidiaries and affiliates, for the purposes described above.
Non-personal Information
may be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations for, any purchase, sale, lease, merger, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, or financing involving Nickelodeon, its parent entities, or related brands.
We may share data if required by law or necessary to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other legal process.
Privacy Notice for Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia
If you are a California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, or Virginia resident, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, as described below. Not all the rights will be available to you and we may not have to comply with your request depending on where you live.
We do not sell or share for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising or process for targeted advertising any personal information collected from any Nickelodeon-branded Games on Apple Arcade.  We also do not employ any automated decision making or algorithms to make any decisions that may have a legal or similarly significant effect on you.
Categories of Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose for Business Purposes
We collect the categories of information and use such information as described above.  We disclose these categories of information for business purposes as described above.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have the right to request access to correction of or deletion of your personal information, to request additional details about our information practices, and to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights.  You or your authorized agent (when applicable) may submit a request to exercise any of the above rights by visiting our Privacy Rights Center at http://privacy.paramount.com/privacyrightscenter or by calling us at (888) 841-3343. If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you may have the right to appeal our decision by responding directly in your request or by opening a new request and selecting ‘General Privacy Request’ and indicating that you are appealing our response to your previous request.