Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 01, 2022
Pixel 3D ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Pixel 3D macOS and iOS application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Usage Data
We may collect information that your through a macOS and iOS device ("Usage Data") for
App Store Connect
.
When you access through a macOS and iOS device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of macOS and iOS device you use, your macOS and iOS operating system, and other diagnostic data.
Use of Data
Pixel 3D uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide analysis information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website:
https://www.woo-interactive.com/contact.html