Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Please read this policy to understand what information this app collects and how we use it.
This policy concern all our applications and websites. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email.
App Company: Beijing Changhai Internet Technology Co., Ltd.
Email: sean_xing@sina.com
1.Information We Collect and How We Use it
When you use this app or Web sites, we may ask you to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address. We use this personal information to communicate with you, to inform and take contact with you. The information may also be used in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding unauthorized use of the Services. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
We also collect anonymous, non-personal information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, your web request and the date and time of your request. Such information does not identify you individually. Non-personal information can be used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services and also to develop new services. We may also use "cookies" to collect information.
2.User mata data
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with user generated content. When using our Services, we will not upload or save user meta data without permission. Our apps include some AI based services, like face recognition, all of these services are developed based on open-data. We do not collect users meta data to developer or improve our algorithm. In some situations, we may ask users to provide with meta data to help us know more about our users. When we need to collect such data, we will clearly tell users how this data will be used and ask users' permissions.
3.Information Sharing
Except as noted below, this app does not share your personal information with third parties unless you give us your permission. We only shares personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
·In order to provide products or services you have requested; ·We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy; ·There are other instances in which we may divulge your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
If this app becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement.
4.Information Security
We and third parties will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we and third parties will take all possible security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. We and third parties do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. You understand and accept that the system and communication network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
5.Other
Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policy, we will post a new policy on our site and update the "last updated" date set forth above. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or if you have to change personal information, please feel free to send email to us.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it