Privacy Policy
Korsit B.V. serving under the name dundle attaches great value to the protection of your personal data. In this Privacy Statement, we want to provide clear and transparent information about how we handle personal data.
We do everything we can to guarantee your privacy and therefore handle personal data with care. dundle complies in all cases with applicable laws and regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter GDPR). This means that we:
Process your personal data in accordance with the purpose for which it was provided, these goals and types of personal data are described in this Privacy Statement;
Processing of your personal data is limited to only those that are minimally necessary for the purposes for which they are processed;
Appropriate technical and organizational measures are taken to ensure the security of your personal data;
As dundle, we are responsible for the processing of any personal data you share with us. If you have questions about this privacy statement or in general and wish to contact us, you can do so via https://dundle.com/support/contact.
Purposes
The personal data provided by customers is processed by dundle (US) for the following purposes:
Execution of a purchase agreement, delivery and payment settlement;
Administrative purposes;
Verification purposes to prevent theft, fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing and to secure dundle's systems.
Grounds
The personal data is processed on the following grounds:
The processing is necessary for the performance of the relevant concluded agreement, namely the concluded purchase agreement;
The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation;
The processing is necessary for the protection of the legitimate interests of dundle;
The data subject has given permission to receive newsletters.
Nature of personal data
For the above purposes, dundle may request the following personal data from you:
Name
Address
Telephone number
Email address
IP address and MAC address
Copy of telephone bill
Copy of passport or ID card
Copy of a bank statement
Bank details
Retaining period
Dundle will retain your personal data for the aforementioned processing for the following periods of time:
7 years after the execution of the purchase agreement - exclusively for financial administration.
For the period that an interested party has signed up for the newsletter.
Disclosure to third parties
We may provide the data you provide to us to third parties if this is necessary for carrying out the purposes described above. We share data with the parties with whom we have a working relationship in the production of the product you have purchased.
In the processing agreement, we make agreements on the security of your personal data. Furthermore, we will not provide the data you provide to other parties unless this is permitted.
Inside/outside the EEA
In some cases, we may transfer personal data to third parties outside or within the European Economic Area. Naturally, the security of your data remains a priority. We will consult the adequacy decision of the European Commission or provide other safeguards or arrangements, such as standard model clauses.
Countries with adequacy decisions can be found on the European Commission's website.
Rights regarding your data
The right to information about processing operations
The right to access your data
The right to correct the data if it is incorrect
The right to the erasure of data and 'the right to be forgotten’
The right to restriction of data processing
The right to object to data processing
The right to transfer your data (data portability)
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making
If you wish to implement your rights, please contact us by using our contact form
https://dundle.com/support/contact
.
We may ask you to identify yourself before we can attempt to grant your request.
Even if we process your personal data on the basis of consent given by you to this effect, you maintain the right to withdraw this consent.
Security
We take reasonable precautions to protect our website and information automatically collected by www.dundle.com or voluntarily provided to www.dundle.com or an official page of www.dundle.com on a third-party website.
We also use commonly used practices and technical controls to protect the information in our possession or control.
We regularly review our processes and systems to verify that they meet industry best practices and to pursue sound security levels for our website.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about how your personal data is processed, we kindly ask that you contact us directly about it by using our contact form at
https://dundle.com/support/contact
.
Cookie List
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
.
dundle.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
,
OptanonConsent
First Party
dundle.com
cookietest
,
__cf_bm
,
dundle.session.id
,
dundle.session.fp
,
_dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxx
First Party
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.