Effective on May 21, 2024
Scan Math is an application to assist you to solve math questions. The Services(the "Services" hereinafter refer to the contents and services in the mobile application of Scan Math) of Scan Math is provided by Chengdu BiFang AI Tech Co., Ltd.(“Company”, “We”, “Us”). We created this Privacy Policy to explain how your personal information will be collected and used when you use the Services. By visiting, entering, connecting to, accessing, downloading, and using Scan Math, you agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What personal information do we collect and how do we use them
Your privacy is our top priority. All your personal information we receive will be encrypted and used only for the following purposes only:
Account information. We collect your registration date and country code to enable the basic features of Scan Math. Your subscription status helps us to ensure the purchased subscription is activated. We collect this information when you complete subscribing on Scan Math.
Location information. Your location, including your real-time geographic location (only coarse location on country-level), enables us to further improve customer experience.
Usage data. We collect your usage data, such as the questions you enter on Scan Math. It is used to help us understand how our services are being used and help us to know how we can better user experience.
Device information. We collect information about the device you use to access our services, including the hardware model, client version, device ID, operating system, and os version. These details assist us to improve the user experience with Scan Math.
Shared information. We collect information that is voluntarily shared by you. For example, we may collect the images taken with your device camera through Scan Math. Also, we may keep the information you provide in the survey form. Consequently, we encourage you to think twice before you submit your private information to us.
How long do we store your personal information
We store the personal information we received as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our services or as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
Users in the European Union
In line with GDPR, EEA individuals have eight data rights:
Information about the processing of your personal data;
Obtain access to the personal data held about you;
Ask for incorrect, inaccurate, or incomplete personal data to be corrected;
Request that personal data be erased when it’s no longer needed or if processing it is unlawful;
Object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes or on grounds relating to your particular situation;
Request the restriction of the processing of your personal data in specific cases;
Receive your personal data in a machine-readable format and send it to another controller ("data portability");
Request that decisions based on automated processing concerning you or significantly affecting you and based on your personal data are made by natural persons, not only by computers. You also have the right in this case to express your point of view and to contest the decision.
Users in California
According to CCPA, California residents have the right to request access to or deletion of their personal information, to request additional details about our information practices, and to not be discriminated against. You may exercise these rights by contacting us at
support@scanmath.com
.
Third Parties
We use third-party tools to support the operation and performance of our services and to improve your experiences with our services. Please be aware that Scan Math assumes no responsibility for the services, contents, and privacy policies from third parties. These third parties are Mathpix, OpenAI.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy policy at any time if needed, so we encourage you to stay tuned on this page about our privacy practices. Your continued use of the services following any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes made.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the way we deal with your personal information, please contact our privacy officer via email at
support@scanmath.com
.