Privacy Policy
1. General
This website and/or mobile application FixThePhoto (together "Service") are operated by DGPH Outsourcing OÜ. Throughout the Site, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, refer to DGPH Outsourcing OÜ. The use of our Service is governed by the following Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is meant to explain how we collect, use, share and protect your user information, including information that can identify you (“Personal Data“). Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding user information and Personal Data.
2. Who We Are
Acting as a data controller, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or requests concerning your Personal Data, you may contact our Data Protection Officer ("DPO") via email at dgphoutsourcing@gmail.com
3. Your EU Rights
If you are in the EU, you have the right to access, update, correct or delete your Personal Data that we store on our systems. You also have the right to obtain from us your Personal Data (excluding data we obtained from other sources) and transmit those data to another data controller. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact our DPO at dgphoutsourcing@gmail.com
4. Information We Collect
In order to provide and improve the Services, we collect the following user information, including Personal Data:
4.1. Information provided by you
You may give us information and your Personal Data, when you use our Service, by filling in forms (such as the sign-up or sign-in form), when you enter into any of our promotions or surveys, when you correspond with us by e-mail and when you use “Report a mistake” form in our Service.
The information you give us may include:
User image. While using our service, you understand and agree that we must upload your image to our server for processing and returning retouched image to you for the purposes of providing such service to you. We also can receive the EXIF data about your images. All customer images (original and retouched) are saved reliably in our Services. If Customer deletes our Services, the image that Customer sends to us and completed retouched image are deleted automatically after 30 days.
Signature to identify Client on the Service (Client id).
Mandatory information is required to Sign up on our Service, including your name and email address.
Country of your location.
Mobile device model.
The time when the Order was sent and received by Customer.
The reason for the rejection in case the Order was rejected.
The number of Credits that Customer paid for retouch (in-app purchase currency).
The list of services that Customer chooses in the Order.
Rate of designer work provided by the Customer.
Information we may require from you when you report a problem to our Support Team, such as the subject of your request for support.
4.2. Information related to user Face (Face Recognition)
We do not use face recognition technology to recognize faces of people in the image. Our app has manually function of face recognition. We may detect and use facial marks to provide facial manipulation features for each person in the image.
Information related to the user's face cannot be used to identify a specific person, and cannot be shared with any third parties.
4.3. Information we collect automatically:
Cookie Information: In operating the Service, we may also use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Service gives to your browser when you access the Service. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Service and help us analyze it usage more accurately. It doesn't collect Personal Data about you.
Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access our Service. We automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, advertising identifier, download errors and other such information.
If you sign up via social media authentication methods, we will access certain Personal Data (e.g. first name, surname, picture, email, etc.) in your social media account pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of these social media App.
5. How We Use The Information
We use the information we collect:
to execute the order and provide retouching service;
to provide you with the information and services that you requested from us;
to give you access to our support services. By providing your email address you consent to our using the email address to answer your question or resolve your problem;
to notify you about changes in our Service;
to purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems;
to improve the Service to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
as part of our efforts to keep our Service safe and secure;
to ensure compliance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) our Terms and Conditions, and (iii) our Privacy Notice. Certain breaches that we regard as inappropriate may lead to the suspension of your Account profile.
Also, we use cookies and log file information to:
provide custom, personalized content and information;
monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic;
diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
6. How We Share The Information
We will not rent or sell your Personal Data to others and will not share it with others except as provided herein.
We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of our Service (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Information we collect is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
When you use our Service, some of your Personal Data is shared with our Support team.
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Data to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to:
conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities;
enforce our rights, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our Service;
exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our Service, our Customers or others.
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them and us understand the usage of the Service
We may use UXCam, which is an analytics solution. UXCam may record: Screens visited, Interaction patterns (such as screen actions, gestures: taps, scrolls), and Device details (Type, Version, Model, Operating System). We are using the information collected by UXCam to improve our app.
UXCam does not collect personally identifiable information and does not track your browsing habits across apps. For more information see Privacy Policy (https://help.uxcam.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004158171-UXCam-Privacy-Statement) for Information Collected by the UXCam Service.
7. How We Protect Your Information
We work hard to protect your privacy and collect only the data we need to make your experience better. We make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, no Internet, email or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free and while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
8. Links To Other Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services. Our Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by DGPH Outsourcing OÜ (“Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
9. Integrating Third Party Services Within The Service
You may have the opportunity to access or interact with our Service through Third Party Sites that offer social networking opportunities and products. If you click on a link to a Third Party Site or product when using our Service, you will leave our Service and go to the Third Party Site or product you selected. If you choose to provide your information directly to Third Party Sites and products, your information will be governed by the policies of those Third Party Sites and products and we shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party website or service.
10. Children
Our Service does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through our Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through our Services without their permission. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us via email at dgphoutsourcing@gmail.com.
11. Changes To Privacy Policy
The Service may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
12. How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our Service, please contact us using one of the following means:
via email dgphoutsourcing@gmail.com
via Live Chat on our Service.
Loading reviews ...
Our website uses cookies for a better user experience. By continuing, you agree to our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Show all partners
(847) →
Select More Options
Hide details
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all