Home
Search:
Log In
Home
Software
Open Source
Support
Home
Software
Open Source
Support
PRIVACY POLICY
6th December 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how Charcoal Design collects, uses, and shares personal information when you visit charcoaldesign.co.uk (the "Site"), send us support email or contact queries via The Web, or make a purchase from third-party online stores (the "Stores") through which we publish our apps (the "Apps").
The Site and our Apps are not intended for individuals under the age of 14 unless otherwise indicated. Please do not use our Site or Apps if you are under the age of 14.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our Apps currently do not collect or transmit any personal information.
This may change in the future and if it does, we will update this policy.
When you purchase our Apps through the Stores, you may submit personal information to those stores. We do not and cannot obtain this information. However, we do receive anonymised and aggregated reports from the Stores containing overall sales information and app usage analytics. Additionally, you may have opted-in to sending anonymised app crash reports to the Stores in order to support our development process and improve the quality of our Apps.
When you contact us for Support, we may collect certain personal information such as your name, email address, device configuration and any other information volunteered by you. We refer to this information as "Support Data".
When you provide us with Support Data, you are confirming to us that you are authorised to provide us with that information and that any personal data you give us is accurate and up to date. You remain “controller” of Support Data you provide.
Submission of personal data through the Site or via Support is voluntary.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
Given the nature of our business, we do not ask for ‘sensitive’ or ‘special categories of personal data’, such as information about your health, political opinions, racial origins or sexual life and we would ask you not to send any to us.
CHILDREN
Our Apps do not collect or transmit any personal information and we do not knowingly collect, use or share personal information from children under the age of 14.
If we learn that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under 14 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal information from our records.
If you are under the age of 14, we would ask that you do not use our Site or Apps or send us any personal information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you have had contact with us, for example through emailing us, we may store limited amounts of personal information relating to you which you provide to us. We will store this information for a number of reasons, including:
Responding to your enquiries.
Troubleshooting problems you may have with our Apps.
Maintaining contact records.
Seeking or receiving advice from professional advisors or consultants.
If you are a third-party provider or professional advisor, we will store limited amounts of personal information relating to you including your name and contact details. We store this for administering and maintaining service records, seeking or receiving support, and complying with any regulatory or legal requirements.
We process personal data where necessary for the compliance with a legal obligation (as noted above), for the performance of a contract, in connection with legitimate interests of Charcoal Design (such as the running and promoting of our business, maintaining contact with customers, service providers, business contacts and others) or on the basis of consent received from the relevant individuals in compliance with the applicable legal requirements in respect of that consent.
SHARING DATA
We will not give, sell or rent your personal data to third parties so they can market their services to you. We may share Personal Information in the following limited circumstances:
With third party providers such as our technology providers to provide support, administer and safeguard information.
We may be obliged to disclose your personal data to comply with a law, order or request of a court, government authority, other competent legal or regulatory authority or any applicable code of practice or guideline.
COOKIES
We currently do not use cookies or similar tracking technology when you visit the Site, or store any server logs.
This may change in the future and if it does, we will update this policy.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND SERVICES
The Site may provide links to other websites for convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from this Site.  Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review.  To the extent any linked websites are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites.
DATA RETENTION
As a default position, we will only retain personal data for any statutory retention period, then a reasonable period (if any) for the above purposes.  This is subject, for example, to any valid opt-out or withdrawal of consent where processing is based on consent, or other valid exercise of your data subject rights.
SECURITY
Security of data is very important to us. We take reasonable measures to protect your personal data and keep those measures under review.  However, we can only be responsible for systems that we control and we would note that the internet itself is not inherently a secure environment.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information via the Internet is not secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our public Site.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We do not use personal data for any automated decision making or profiling.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to know if we process any personal data about you and if we are, with certain limitations, to a copy of that personal data. You also have the right to ask us to remove or correct any of that personal data that is inaccurate, to object to certain processing and to withdraw any consent you may have given us for any processing of your personal data, to ask us to restrict processing certain of your personal data, to erase your personal data, and to ‘port’ certain of your personal data to you or another provider, provided in each case that we have such data and certain conditions are met.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
CHANGES
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to reflect, for example, changes to our practices. Any changes we make will be posted to this Site. You should regularly check and review the Privacy Policy to ensure you understand how we may be processing Personal Information.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or would like more information, please contact us by email at
support@charcoaldesign.co.uk
.
Top ^
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us
|
Site Map
Copyright © 2006 by Charcoal Design