Introduction
At Equip Adventure Inc. (we, our or Equip), we recognize the importance of your privacy and of
transparency.
This privacy notice (Privacy Notice) describes how we process your personal data when you interact
with our Platform accessible at www.equip.app, admin.equip.app, our iOS and Android Mobile App (the
Platform), and the services we provide (together with the provision of the Platform, our Services). We
may also have additional privacy notices that apply in specific circumstances.
By using our Services, you expressly acknowledge that we may process your personal data in
accordance with this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and forms an integral part of our terms of use for the Platform
(ToU). All capitalized terms not defined in this document have the meaning given to them in the ToU.
Short Version
The following is a summary of (but not a replacement for) this Privacy Notice:
➢ Our role. We, Equip Adventure Inc., are responsible for the processing, as controller, of your
personal data (but only for our own activities and not those of third-party providers) (see section 3);
➢ Data we collect. We collect the information which is provided to us by you. We also collect some
information automatically when you interact with the Services (see section 4);
➢ How we use it. We process your personal data in compliance with Swiss laws and other data
protection laws applicable to us. This means that we will only process your information where we
have a legal basis to do so (see sections 5), and only for certain reasons (mainly for providing our
Services, operating our Platform, and for the other legitimate purposes indicated in this Privacy
Notice) (see section 6);
➢ Control and Access. Your personal data is stored in Switzerland and/or the European Union. We
do not share it with third parties or transfer it abroad unless this is both necessary for the operation
of our Services and permitted by applicable laws. This may for instance be the case when we use
service providers or must interact with third parties to conduct our professional activities, and in
particular with the organizations that host the renting stations and with our partners that supply the
equipment available for rental at the stations. (see sections 7 and 8);
➢ Retention. We do not store your personal data for longer than necessary for us to fulfill the purposes
set out in this Privacy Notice (see section 9);
➢ Security. We apply security measures and strive to protect your personal data. However, no IT
infrastructure is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that ours is (see section 10);
➢ Your rights. You may contact us privacy@equip.app to exercise your rights pertaining to your
personal data (see sections 12 and 13)
Who is Responsible for the Processing of Your Personal Data
Equip Adventure Inc., 1013 Center Road, Suite 403-B, Wilmington 19805, Delaware, USA, is responsible
for the processing, as controller, of your personal data. You will find our contact details below in
section 13.
However, some of the processing activities set out in this Privacy Notice are undertaken by our group
entities, which will then act as data controller. The exact split differs between group entities and over time.
We can confirm which processing activities are undertaken by which entity, on request.
This Privacy Notice only applies to data processing undertaken by or on behalf of us. Whilst we may
provide links to third party websites, contents, or services, we are not responsible for their policies in
relation to personal data. In such circumstances, the collection and use of your personal data are
governed by the privacy policy of those third-party providers, which you should carefully review to learn
more about their personal data processing practices.
How We Collect Your Personal Data
It is only mandatory that you complete the data fields identified as such. If one or more mandatory data
fields are not completed, we will not be able to provide access to our Services. You are not required to
complete the optional data fields in order to access our Services. These fields may be completed at any
time through your account settings.
You may define certain authorizations relating to the automatic collection of your personal data when you
configure your device or your internet browser according to available functionalities.
How we use your data
We process your personal data in compliance with applicable law, in particular Swiss data protection laws
and, to the extent they apply to us, other data protection legislations, such as the EU General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) or its equivalent in the United Kingdom, manually or automatically using
computer tools.
This means that we will only process your information for certain reasons (see Section 7) where we have
a legal basis to do so.
Additional Information on the “legal basis”
➢ Here is what each of these legal bases is:
▪ Contractual Necessity: the processing is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations to you or
to take pre-contractual steps at your request. This is particularly the case in particular when
processing your personal data is strictly required to provide you with the Services. When the
GDPR applies, Contractual Necessity is based on Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
▪ Legitimate Interest: the processing is necessary for the fulfilment of our legitimate interests, and
only to the extent that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not require us to
refrain from processing. When the GDPR applies, Legitimate Interest is based on Article 6(1)(f)
GDPR.
▪ Consent: we have obtained your prior consent in a clear and unambiguous manner. Consent
given can be withdrawn at any time, but this does not affect data processed prior to withdrawal.
When the GDPR applies, Consent is based on Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
▪ Legal Obligation: the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
When the GDPR applies, Legal Obligation is based on Article 6(1)(c) GDPR.
What about sensitive data?
In addition, we will only process your Sensitive Data if we have obtained your explicit consent for
one or more specified purposes, or if we can rely on another lawful justification in accordance with
applicable data protection laws.
Additional Information on profiling and automated decisions
We may process your personal data to create a profile about you and provide you with more relevant
information and services (profiling), for instance to show you more relevant information based on
prior interactions with our Services.
We, however, do not make decisions exclusively on the basis of an automated processing which
have legal effects on the data subjects or affect them significantly (automated individual decision).
You may have the right to object to such activities, in accordance with applicable data protection
laws (see section 12 below for additional information on your rights).
Why we use your data
We process your personal data for the following reasons:
To provide our Services and operate the Platform.
We mainly process your personal data to provide the Platform and the Services, including for creating
and maintaining your user account, processing your rentals and payments, and providing you with the
requested information and Services.
Legal basis: Contractual Necessity, Legitimate Interests
For our legitimate business interests related to the provision of the Services, including to ensure
the security of the Services, improve our Services, as well as for monitoring or statistical
purposes.
We may also process your personal data for our legitimate business operations related to providing our
Services, which include (i) ensuring that our Services are provided in an efficient and secure way (e.g.
through internal analysis of the Services’ stability and security, updates and troubleshooting); (ii)
protecting the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks; (iii) benefiting from cost-effective
services (e.g. we may opt to use certain services offered by suppliers rather than undertaking the activity
ourselves); (iv) improving and developing the Services (including monitoring the use of our Services, and
for statistical purposes); and (v) achieving our corporate goals).
Additional Information
Additional information on the processing of your personal data for our legitimate business operations:
▪ Ensuring that our Platform is provided in an efficient and secure way. In addition to the
personal data which you provide when logging-in to your account or interacting with the Platform
(e.g. when you fill in forms or upload content to the Platform), we automatically collect technical
information about your interactions with the Platform, such as IP address, the content that was
accessed, date and time of access, information about your web browser, your preferences, or
other information related to your interaction with the Platform, including your navigation details
on the Platform.
We process this data to establish a connection with your device over the internet, to identify you
when you use the Platform, control the use of the Platform and for security purposes.
▪ Protecting the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks. We use data to protect
the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks, for instance to detect and disrupt the
operation of malicious software by systematically scanning contents in an automated manner.
▪ Personalizing and improving our Services. We may process your personal data, in particular
data relating to your use of our Services and your habits and preferences (e.g. the content you
accessed, date and time of access and your preferences), for internal analysis and statistical
purposes, in order to better understand the needs of our users, to optimize their experience by
personalizing our Services, and in general to improve the ergonomics and functionality of our
Services. You may object to such processing activities at any time (see section 12 below for
additional information on your rights).
We use analytics tools provided by known market providers – such as Google Analytics,– which
provide to us only aggregated, non-identifiable data. The privacy policy of those service providers
is applicable in this context. You will find information by visiting the privacy policy of Google
Analytics. Data collected in this context is deleted or anonymized at the latest [7] days after its
collection.
▪ Data anonymization. We may combine your personal data with other information (aggregate) or
erase any information that allows us to identify you (anonymize), so that it is no longer considered
personal data under applicable data protection law, in which case this Privacy Notice will no
longer apply and we may use such data for purposes not contemplated by this Privacy Notice
(e.g. for benchmarking or analytics purposes, or to develop and market new services). You may
object to the anonymization or aggregation of your personal data for this purpose at any time (see
section 12 below for additional information on your rights).
To send you our newsletter and other advertising information.
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your contact details (name and email address) to provide
you with our newsletter. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter service at any time, in which case your
contact details will be deleted.
Legal basis: Consent
We also process the time of registration and your opt-in confirmation to demonstrate compliance. We
also analyze your use of our newsletter, e.g. whether you have opened it or clicked on certain links, and
process this data to optimize and improve our newsletter.
Independently from your subscription to our newsletter, we may contact you by email to inform you about
our activities if you have previously subscribed for the use of our Services, if you have not objected to the
corresponding use of your email address. You can object to the use of your email address for this purpose
at any time by contacting us (see contact detail in section 13).
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest
To provide you with targeted information or advertisements based on the content you published
and your interactions with the Platform.
We may further process your personal data if we have a legal obligation to do so or for other legitimate
interests. This will for instance be the case if we need to disclose certain information to public authorities
or retain such information for tax or accounting purposes, or for the establishment, exercise or defense
of legal claims.
The personal data that we process for this purpose are those that we collected for one of the purposes
indicated elsewhere in this section 6. We retain the personal data for the duration of the legal obligation
imposed on us.
The circumstances in which we share your personal data with third parties
We will only share your personal data with third parties if this is necessary for the operation of our
Services, if there is a legal obligation or permission to do so, or if there is another valid reason to do so.
Additional Information
▪ Our service providers. We may share your personal data with third parties in connection with
the operation of the Services and with subcontractors such as IT service providers, cloud service
providers, database providers, automated marketing solutions providers and consultants,
including Amazon Web Services (cloud/storage provider), Google Analytics (data analytics tool).
▪ Our partners. We may share your personal data with the local city councils that host the renting
stations and with our partners that supply the equipment available for rental at the stations if this
is necessary for the proper management of our services.
▪ Legal obligation. We may also disclose your personal data where we have a legitimate interest
in doing so, for example (i) to respond to a request from a judicial authority or in accordance with
a legal obligation; (ii) to bring or defend against a claim or lawsuit; or (iii) in the context of
restructuring, in particular if we transfer our assets to another company.
International Transfers
We store your personal data on servers located in Switzerland and/or the European Union. We may also
store a copy your personal data near to the geographic location where you in order to provide you with a
better service.
In principle, we do not transfer your personal data to other countries or make it available there. However,
in certain circumstances, in particular in connection with the operations of our subcontractors, your
personal data may be made available to recipients located abroad (e.g. Amazon Web Services is
headquartered in the U.S, Google is headquartered in the U.S, from which locations some data may be
available). In such cases, we will ensure that suitable safeguards are in place, in accordance with
applicable data protection laws, for instance by relying on standard contractual clauses adopted by the
European Commission.
If you transmit information and data to us, you are expressly deemed to consent to such data transfers.
You may request additional information in this regard and obtain a copy of the relevant safeguards upon
request by sending a request to the contact address indicated in section 13 below.
How long we store your personal data
Your personal data will not be stored longer than necessary. We will erase or anonymize your personal
data as soon as it is no longer necessary for us to fulfil the purposes set out in section 6 of this Privacy
Notice. This period varies, depending on the type of data concerned and the applicable legal
requirements. More information on each type of processing can be found in section 6 above.
Your account information is retained for as long as your account is active. If you suppress your user
account, your account information will be deleted or anonymized within [30] days after such event, unless
data must be retained for a valid reason (such as evidentiary or tax purposes).
In view of the legal obligations incumbent upon us, certain information relating in particular to the
contractual relationship must be retained for at least 10 years.
Security
We are committed to the security of your personal data, and have in place physical, administrative and
technical measures designed to keep secure your personal data and to prevent unauthorized access to
it. We use two-factor authentication whenever possible. We restrict access to your personal data to those
persons who need to know it for the purpose described in this Privacy Notice.
Although we take appropriate steps to protect your personal data, no IT infrastructure is completely
secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that data you provide to us is safe and protected from all
unauthorized third-party access and theft. We waive any liability in this respect.
The internet is a global environment. As a result, by sending information to us electronically, such data
may be transferred internationally over the internet depending upon your location. Internet is not a secure
environment and this Privacy Notice applies to our use of your personal data once it is under our control
only. Given the inherent nature of the internet, all internet transmissions are done at your own risk.
If we have reasonable reasons to believe that your personal data have been acquired by an unauthorized
person, and applicable law requires notification, we will promptly notify you of the breach by email (if we
have it) and/or by any other channel of communication (including by posting a notice on the Platform).
How we use cookies or other analytical tools
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers downloaded on to your computer when you access certain
websites. In general, cookies allow a website to recognize a user’s computer. They may be used to
monitor and analyze how users interact interactions with a website or other service, to improve it and its
functionalities, and/or customize it depending on users’ interactions. For more information on cookies,
please visit the website http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
We do not use cookies in relation to the Platform.
Your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data
You have the right to access your personal data we process and may request that they be
removed, updated, or rectified.
Unless otherwise provided by law, you have the right to know whether we are processing your personal
data. You may contact us to know the content of such personal data, to verify its accuracy, and to the
extent permitted by law, to request that it be supplemented, updated, rectified or erased. You also have
the right to ask us to cease any specific processing of personal data that may have been obtained or
processed in breach of applicable law, and you have the right to object to any processing of personal
data for legitimate reasons..
By accessing your user account (if you have one), you can review, update, correct or delete the personal
data available within your user account.
If you request us to delete your personal data from our systems, we will do so unless we need to retain
your data for legal or other legitimate reasons. Please note that any information that we have copied may
remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your deletion request.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, we will seek your freely given and specific
consent by providing you with informed and unambiguous indications relating to your personal data. You
may revoke at any time such consent (without such withdrawal affecting the lawfulness of processing
made prior to).
The above does not restrict any other rights you might have pursuant to applicable data protection
legislation under certain circumstances.
Additional Information
In particular, if the GDPR applies to the processing of your personal data you have the following
rights under the GDPR if the respective requirements are met:
▪ Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR) – you have the right to access and ask us for copies of your
personal data.
▪ Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR) – you have the right to ask us to rectify personal data you
think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is
incomplete.
▪ Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR) – you have the right to ask us to erase your personal data in
certain circumstances.
▪ Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR) – you have the right to ask us to restrict the
processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
▪ Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR) – you have the right to ask that we transfer in a
structured, commonly used and machine-readable format the personal data you gave us to
another organization, or to you, in certain circumstances.
▪ Right to object to processing (Art. 21 GDPR) – you have the right to object to the processing
of your personal data which is based on our legitimate interests, in certain circumstances. In such
case, we will no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate
grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms or where the
processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
▪ As a rule, you are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights and we will respond
to your request within one month.
You will find further details of your rights in sections 5 and 6 and of this Privacy Notice in connection with
each processing activity we perform. If you want to exercise any of your rights, or want additional
information about them, please contact us using the contact details listed below (see section 13).
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent authority.
If you are not satisfied with the way in which we process your personal data, you may lodge a complaint
with the competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual
residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, in addition to the rights described above.
➢ Although this is not required, we recommend that you contact us first, as we might be able to respond
to your request directly.
Contact Us
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer. If you believe your personal data has been used in a way
that is not consistent with this Privacy Notice, or if you have any questions or comments regarding the
collection or processing of your personal data, please contact our DPO at support@equip.app.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be subject to amendments. Any changes or additions to the processing of
personal data as described in this Privacy Notice affecting you will be communicated to you through an
appropriate channel, depending on how we normally communicate with you (including by email and/or
via the Platform, e.g. banners, pop-ups or other notification mechanisms). If you do not agree to the
changes made, you must stop accessing and/or using the impacted Services.
Last updated: 03.05.2022