Privacy Policy
SNY PRIVACY POLICY
January 6, 2022
This Privacy Policy sets forth how personal information is collected and used, that is provided on the Internet web site located at www.SNY.tv (the “
Site
”). Unless otherwise indicated, this Privacy Policy only applies to personal information collected through the Site by SNY Incorporated or any of their respective affiliates (together, for purposes hereof, “
SNY
”). By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, as they may be amended from time to time in the future (see “Change to this Privacy Policy” below).
SNY is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we protect personal information provided through the Site and how we use that information in connection with our services offered through the Site and the  Newsletter (the “
Services
”). “
Personal information
” for purposes of this Privacy Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name or email address. It also means indirect identifiers such as your IP address that could be used in connection with other information to identify you.
SNY stresses its privacy and security standards to guard against identity theft and provide security for your personal information. We regularly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them as necessary to deal with new challenges.
Personal Information Collected
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information:
such as name and email address if you sign up for the Newsletter;
Marketing Preferences
: preferences for marketing if you sign up for the Newsletter;
Competition, sweepstakes and survey information
: any information provided when entering competitions, prize draws and sweepstakes we, or a third party on our behalf, may run. We may carry out surveys and panel discussions, which may request that you voluntarily provide additional information;
Customer care, technical support and other feedback
: questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms and social media platforms. If you contact us by phone, we may record the conversation and/or keep a summary of the call; and
Other information you provide
: any other information that you provide to us including, posts, date of birth, content, photos, booking times or biometric identifiers such as facial scans or fingerprints.
When you visit the Site or use our Services, we may automatically collect certain information sent to us by your computer, mobile device, or any other device. This information may include the type of device you use, operating system, the device identifier (or “UDID”), your IP address, location, mobile network information, and standard web log information, such as your browser type traffic to and from our site, the pages you accessed on our website, and other available information.
We may also collect information about your use and interaction with the Site or our Services. For example, we may evaluate your computer, mobile phone, or other access device to identify any malicious software or activity that may affect the availability of the Services.
When you use the Services, we may also store information based on your usage history. This includes, but is not limited to, content you viewed, event information, click and stream information, and cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
Information Sharing
SNY uses and discloses your personal information only as follows:
to analyze Site usage and improve the Services;
to deliver to you any administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of the Services;
for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, and detecting and protecting against error, fraud, or other criminal activity;
to third-party contractors that provide services to SNY  and are bound by these same privacy restrictions;
to NBCUniversal Media, LLC and CNBC LLC (collectively “NBCUniversal”), to perform analytics and conduct advertising and marketing; and
to enforce SNY ’s Terms of Use;
and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If SNY Incorporated is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
User Access and Choice
If your preferred email address changes, or if you no longer desire to use any of the Services, you may correct or update it by selecting “unsubscribe” or “update your email preferences” in any SNY email.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal and/or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cookies / Tracking Technologies
Like many companies, we use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and other tracking technologies on the Services (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies”, unless otherwise stated), including HTTP cookies, HTML5 and Flash local storage/flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, and ETags/cache browsers
First party Cookies
First party Cookies are placed by us (including through the use of third party service providers) and are used to allow you to use the Services and their features and to assist in analytics activities.
Third party Cookies
Certain third parties including NBCUniversal may place their Cookies on your device and use them to recognize your device when you visit the Services and when you visit other websites or online services. These third parties collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies. Third party Cookies enable certain features or functionalities, and advertising, to be provided on the Services.
Types of Cookies
The Services use the following types of first and third party Cookies for these purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These Cookies are required for Service functionality such as, system administration and performance and to assist with fraud prevention and. Because these Cookies are necessary, if you refuse them it will impact the functionality of the Services.
Analytics and Performance Cookies
:
These Cookies collect data regarding your usage of our Services and other services. We and our third party vendors use these Cookies to perform analytics, to improve content and user experience, for statistical purposes, to recognize you across platforms and devices, to develop new services, and to improve the Services.
Functional Cookies
:
These Cookies enable the Services to provide certain features, such as determining if you are a first-time visitor and remembering choices you have made (e.g., your language preferences).  Data collected can also be used to select and deliver personalized content to you and measure the delivery and effectiveness of that content.
Targeting Cookies
:
These Cookies are used to collect data about your browsing habits, your use of the Services and other services, your preferences, and your interaction with advertisements across platforms and devices in order to deliver content, including advertisements, relevant to your interests.  Third party sites and services also use Targeting Cookies to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests on the Services and third party services.
Social Cookies:
These Cookies are set by social media services on the Services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. These Cookies can track your online activity across other services and may impact the content and messages you see on other services you visit.
We and third parties may associate Analytics and Performance Cookies, Functional Cookies, Targeting Cookies, and Social Media Cookies with other information we have about you.
COOKIE MANAGEMENT
You can use the following methods to manage Cookies, you must take such steps on each browser or device that you use. If you replace, change or upgrade your browser or device, or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again.
Targeted Advertising:
Most third-party advertisers offer a way to opt out of their targeted advertising. For more information or to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from participating third-party advertisers, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance website
, or the
Network Advertising Initiative’s website
. The effect of opting out of third party advertising networks is explained on each opt out page.  Note that for some sites, the effect of opting out of third party advertising means that customized advertising will not be delivered to you.  Information regarding your usage of the online services may still be collected for research, analytics or internal operations purposes.
Browser Controls
: You may be able to disable and manage some Cookies through your browser settings. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to manage your settings for each. Please click on any of the below browser links for instructions:
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer