Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
In some countries, a local privacy policy is needed.
Where there is a local privacy policy, it is the one that applies
This is our global privacy policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Cinema
t
aztic
ApS
(“Cinema
t
aztic”) when you use a CinemaTaztic mobile application (the “App”) or a Cinema
t
aztic website. By accepting our Privacy Policy, you agree to let Cinema
t
aztic collect, use and disclose information about you in accordance with the purposes listed below.
Overview
1. Owner Information
2. What are Cookies?
3. To delete or block cookies
4. Purpose of cookies on our website
5. Web Statistics
6. Google Analytics + All Unite
7. Syndication
8. Use of personal data
9. Opting out & Right to be forgotten
10. Changes to our privacy policy
1. Owner Information
Cinema
t
aztic ApS
Hellerupvej 46
2900
Hellerup
- Denmark
CVR: 37207187
Email: info@cinemataztic.com
If you have questions  to the information recorded about you at Cinemataztic, you can contact our Data Protection Office
Data Protection Office
2. What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer power. Similar to recognize it. There is no personal information stored in our cookies and they can not contain viruses.
3. To delete or block cookies
To delete cookies, press the toolbar -> Tools -> Clear browsing data -> Delete cookies and other site data -> Clear browsing data.
To block cookies, press the toolbar -> Settings -> View advanced settings -> Content settings -> Click “Always block websites to save data” and set the checkbox in “Block third-party cookies and website data” -> Ok
4. Purpose of cookies on our website:
Technical functionality so that we can remember your settings.
Traffic Measurement, so we know how many people visit our site and can document this to advertisers.
Targeting of advertising, so we can show you the ads we think are most relevant and how often the same ad appears.
5. Web Statistics
Websites use cookies to record Internet use at market level and across various websites. The measurement complies with all legislation including the Personal Data Act, ICC / ESOMAR International Code of Marketing and Social Research Practice, and will not disclose information about individual people’s internet behavior but only in aggregate form. See, for example. fdim.dk/statistik
We collect no personal information unless you explicitly give permission, which for example. made in connection with filling out questionnaires.
6. Google Analytics
Website and App uses cookies from Google Analytics to measure the traffic on the website and in the app
You can disable cookies from Google Analytics here: http: //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
All CinemaTaztic app´s collects and processes information about your mobile device’s device ID,
7. Syndication
The site uses no ad network
8. Use of personal data
In a CinemaTaztic app, we ask you to sign in with your Facebook profile, which allows us to access your public Facebook data. When you accept our Terms of use you give us permission to collect the following data:
Name, Facebook-ID
Facebook friends
Birthday
Gender
Email
Hometown
Profile picture
Further your permission allow Cinema
t
aztic to share your Facebook-ID with Cinema
t
aztic advertisers, however only in an anonymous state. The Facebook-ID is hashed before it is share with a third party, so no personal data can be retrieved from the hashed ID. Cinema
t
aztics advertisers can use the anonymized data to target their Facebook ads against the Cinema
t
aztics users that have played their Cinema
t
aztic game. Example: If you play a Cinema
t
aztic game for a given advertiser, you can subsequently receive an ad on Facebook from the same advertiser.
Personal information is never disclosed to third parties, unless you express consent, and we never collect personal information unless you have given us this information at registration, purchase, or participating in a survey, etc. Information is collected on the name, address, zip code, email, gender, age and knowledge of various topics. No date revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation shall be collected.
Beside from Facebook data we also collect data on your Cinema
t
aztic activities – what Cinema
t
aztic games you play, when you played, where you played, if you won and if you have redeemed your prize.
You can at any time view all data collected on you and retrieve the data here.
9. Opting out & Right to be forgotten
You can always change your account permission or opt out from Cinema
t
aztic app. When you opt out all your data will automatically be deleted and you can no longer access the Cinema
t
aztic app and all prizes and settings will be erased.
How to Opt Out and delete data:
Go to: Opt
out page
and follow the simple instructions
How to change account permission:
Open your Cinema
t
aztic App
Go to settings
Edit or delete
Press save
Contact for personal data:
If you have questions  to the information recorded about you at Cinemataztic, you can contact our
Data Protection Officer.
Protection of personal data:
According to the Personal Data Protection Act, personal information is kept secure and confidential. We store your personal information on computers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities, and our security is checked regularly to determine whether our user information is handled securely, and always bearing in mind your rights as a user. We can not guarantee 100 percent security for data transmissions over the Internet. This means that there may be a risk that unauthorized persons gaining access to information when data is sent and stored electronically. Thus submitted your personal information at your own risk.
Personal information is deleted or made anonymous continuously as the purpose for which it was collected, terminated. Personal information is stored no longer than 12 months after use.
The rapid development of the Internet means that changes in our processing of personal data may be necessary. We reserve the right to update and amend these guidelines for processing of personal data. If we do so, we will correct obvious date for “last updated” date at the bottom. In case of substantial changes we will notify you in the form of a visible notice on our websites.
To the extent that process personal information about you, you are under the Personal Data Protection Act the right to obtain information on which personal data can be attributed to you. If it turns out that the information or data processed about you is incorrect or misleading, you are entitled to claim these corrected, deleted or blocked. You can always object to the information about you amenable to treatment. You can also at any time revoke your consent. You have the opportunity to complain about the treatment of information and data relating to you.
10. Changes to our privacy policy
Cinema
t
aztic may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of CinemaTaztic or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Page updated
Report abuse