Privacy Policy
At Margex, accessible from
https://margex.com/
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Margex and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Margex. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
Account Creation:
We may collect your name, email address, date of birth, tax number, username, and password or other personal information used to identify you.
Your Communications with Us:
We collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, request customer or technical support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys:
We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Social Media Content:
We may offer forums, blogs, or social media pages. Any content you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and is not subject to privacy protections.
Registration for Sweepstakes, Contests and Tournaments:
We may run sweepstakes, contests and tournaments. Contact information you provide may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information about winners.
KYC documents:
In some cases, AML laws require us to sight and record details of certain documents to meet the standards, set under those laws. Therefore, in order to comply with the laws, we have the right to request you the following documents and information: passport, driver's licence, national ID (if applicable), source of funds confirmation, utility bills or other documents or information we consider necessary to conduct KYC/AML.
Automatic Data Collection:
We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services. Information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices.
In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities. We may combine your information with information that other people provide when they use our Services, including information about you when they tag you.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising technologies:
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
How we use collected information
We use the collected information in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, maintain our website and develop relevant features and services;
Improve, personalize, and expand our website;
Understand and analyze how you use our website;
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes;
Provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about products or services we feel may interest you.
Send you emails;
Research and develop new services;
Find and prevent fraud;
Measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
Make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them;
Send you updates, security alerts technical notices, and other support messages;
Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match user profiles or interests;
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
Log Files
Margex follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies
Like any other website, Margex uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more information on cookies, please read our “Cookie policy”.
Our Advertising Partners
Some advertisers on our website may use cookies and web beacons. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data.
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Margex.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Margex, which are sent directly to users' browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Margex has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Margex's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Miscellaneous
If Margex becomes aware of a data breach or security breach, we will endeavor to notify our customers via email or other means of communication so that you can take appropriate security measures.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Margex does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 18. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time without any prior notice. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. The most current version of the Margex policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at our website
https://margex.com/
Contact us
If You have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at email:
support@margex.com
Previous
Terms of Service
Next
Cookie Policy
Last updated
1 year ago