Privacy policy
We understand the importance of protection of your personal data, therefore we collect and process only your data that is connected to our browser extension “Ratepunk” (“
Ratepunk
”). We process your personal data lawfully, transparently, and fairly, for the pre-determined purposes and only to the extent necessary to achieve those purposes. When we process your personal data, we make every effort to ensure that they are accurate, secure, confidential, properly stored and protected.
When processing your personal data, we comply with legal requirements, including the requirements of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) (“
GDPR
”), the California Online Privacy Protection Act and the Swiss Data Protection Act.
WHAT IS THIS DOCUMENT?
This Privacy Policy (the
“Privacy Policy
”) informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of data when you install and use Ratepunk.
The Privacy Policy applies to every person who adds Ratepunk to her/his browser. Therefore, please read this Privacy Policy carefully to find out how we process your personal data, what kind of your data we process and what your rights as a data subject are.
If you add Ratepunk to your browser, we consider that you have read, are informed and agree with this Privacy Policy and the purpose, manner, and procedures for processing your personal data set out therein. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, you do not have the right to use Ratepunk.
The term "personal data" as used in this Privacy Policy means any information which could be used to identify you directly or indirectly.
WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
Ratepunk is managed and administered by UAB YARD VENTURE, company code 305571276, registered address at Raugyklos g. 19-6, LT-01140 Vilnius, EUROPEAN UNION
In accordance with the relevant legal provisions, we are a controller of your personal data, i.e. the legal person responsible for the collection, processing and / or use of personal information in connection with Ratepunk (“
Controller
”).
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy and practice, processing of your personal data, please contact us at
hi@ratepunk.com
.
WHAT PRINCIPLES DO WE COMPLY WITH WHILE PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
While processing your personal data we:
will comply with the requirements of the applicable legislation, including the GDPR;
will process your personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner;
will collect your personal data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and will not further process them in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes, except to the extent permitted by law;
will take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal data which is inaccurate or incomplete in regard to the purposes for which it is processed, are rectified, supplemented, suspended or destroyed without delay;
will keep it in a form which permits identification of you for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
will not disclose your personal data to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy or applicable law;
will ensure that your personal data are processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of it, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction, or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures.
HOW RATEPUNK WORKS?
Ratepunk is a free of charge browser extension, i.e. a small addon you can install in your browser to extend its functionality. Ratepunk will compare hotel room or other accommodation prices among our Partners (as defined below) to help you find the best rate and save.
As soon as you open the website of any of our Partners, Ratepunk will automatically start scanning the opened website, collect data (as detailed in Section 7) from it, send such data over to every Partner’s website and show you the Partners’ (as defined in Section 5) price comparison list. Automatically collected data is necessary to make sure Ratepunk is working correctly and providing you the best offers.
Please note that the displayed price offers are informative and does not guarantee that the prices listed therein will be final. To find out the final price of the specific offer, including terms of services, you must visit the website managed by the specific Partner by clicking on the price offer.
Also note, that once you add Ratepunk into your browser, it automatically scans every website you open to check if it is the Partner’s website; however, Ratepunk does not collect or transfer to Partners any data other than specified in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy. Ratepunk may send some information, e.g. the RatePunk’s affiliate ID, but not your personal data to the websites that you open.
You can remove Ratepunk at any time. If you do, your data will be stored for the period indicated in Section 7.
OUR PARTNERS
Automatically generated price comparison list consists of offers from our Partners (all together “Partners”). A periodically updated list of Partners is available at https://www.ratepunk.com. Please check this link regularly to know our current Partners.
We work with our Partners, therefore, this means that with respect to your interactions, such as booking accomodation provided by the specific Partner, Ratepunk may in certain cases earn commissions from that specific Partner.
By clicking on the specific offer presented to you, you will be redirected to the website operated by the Partner. Please also be aware that Ratepunk does not act as a Partner’s agent or distributor. When you order any services on the Partner’s website, you order them from and enter into a contract with such Partner and not with Ratepunk. Ratepunk is not responsible for the Partners’ services and obligations.
We inform you that we do not manage and control our Partners’ websites. Our Partners’ websites and the services accessed through them have their own separate privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for personal data collected on these websites or services. Please review these policies before submitting personal information on these sites or using any services.
AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE
RatePunk participates in affiliate marketing programs, which are designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to partner websites. When you use our service to book hotels or travel deals through these partner websites, we may earn a commission for completed transactions. This does not affect the price you pay, and it helps us maintain and improve our service.
We are committed to transparency and compliance with all applicable regulations, including the guidelines established by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the United States and similar frameworks in other jurisdictions.
For further inquiries about our affiliate partnerships, you can contact us at hi@ratepunk.com
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We process your personal data obtained in the following ways:
when you use Ratepunk extension.
If you have Ratepunk added to your browser, certain information (as defined in Section 7.1(a)) is collected automatically when you open any website.
when you provide personal data to us.
You provide us with your personal data and other information by writing to us or by communicating with our customer service team by telephone or e-mail, by submitting your complaints and/or inquiries.
We do not collect any other personal data or in any other way than stated in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS AND FOR WHAT PURPOSES?
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to provide you with our services.
If you add Ratepunk into your browser, we automatically receive the following data when you search for accommodation in any of our Partners’ websites:
to assure quality and communication.
You provide us your personal data by writing to us or by contacting us by phone, submitting your feedback, complaints and inquiries about Ratepunk. Personal data that are processed for this purpose:
We may also use the information we collect in aggregate or otherwise anonymized form, i.e. the information that does not identify you or any specific person. We may use this general data for research, development, marketing, analytics.
We do not collect or process your specific categories of personal data revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, as well as health data or data about your sexual life and sexual orientation. Therefore, please do not provide this personal data to us by e-mail, telephone or in any other way.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” provided by Google Inc.. Google Analytics collects information like page views, visitors, session duration, operating system and etc.. We use this information that we get from Google Analytics to improve our operations, including our product Ratepunk, to aggregate information about traffic patterns and how Ratepunk is used.
In order to collect the above-mentioned information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded that partner with Google Inc.
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your use of Ratepunk to another application that partners with Google are restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Please review those and see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ for information about how Google Inc. uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google Inc.
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics and deactivate it, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
TO WHOM DO WE PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We guarantee that your personal data will not be sold, provided or otherwise transferred to third parties without a legitimate basis, as well as used for purposes other than those for which they were collected. We will not transfer your personal data in any way other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy or applicable law. However, we reserve the right to provide information about you if we were required to do so by law or if required to do so by law enforcement authorities or prosecuting authorities.
We may transfer your personal data to companies that help us operate, i.e. data processors. From such data processors, we require that your data be processed only in accordance with the instructions given by us and the applicable data protection legislation. We enter into agreements with these data processors that oblige the parties to adhere strictly to the personal data protection requirements.
We may disclose the personal data we collect about you to the following third parties:
the Partners;
third party service providers whose services we normally use for data storage, website hosting purposes and other technical services. In some cases, your data may be transferred to the third countries where other personal data protection regulations may apply. We have taken appropriate safeguards (e.g.
Model Contract Clauses) t
o ensure that your personal data remains protected, and we require that our third-party service providers and partners also have appropriate safeguards in place.
HOW AND WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The personal data we collect from you will be located within the
European Economic Area
(EEA) but may be transferred or stored outside the EEA. Personal data may also be handled by our own or our suppliers' staff working outside the EEA. When transferring your personal data outside the EEA, we will take all necessary steps to ensure that your personal data is processed securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we will do this by ensuring necessary measures and
safeguards, including Model Contract Clauses.
The security of your information is important to us. We have a team dedicated to protecting your information and have put in place physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. These measures include limiting access, using encryption, testing for vulnerabilities, advanced malware detection, employing pseudonymization and anonymization techniques, and more.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. Although we make every effort to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the complete security of it. Therefore, please be informed that you provide us with information at your own risk.
Should unlikely circumstances arise and we become aware of a personal data breach that could seriously jeopardize your rights or freedoms, we will notify you immediately as soon as we become aware of it and determine what information has been accessed.
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We store your personal data for no longer than required by the purposes of the processing or as required by law if it provides a longer storage period. Section 7 of the Privacy Policy specifies the terms of storage of your personal data separately for each purpose of use of personal data.
MINORS
We created Ratepunk for the exclusive use of adults (18 and older). We don't knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children. If you are a child under 18, please do not attempt to use Ratepunk or send any personal information to us.
If we learn we have collected personal information from someone under 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who you think may have given us some personal information, please let us know at
hi@ratepunk.com
.
WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE?
When processing the personal data, we ensure your rights in accordance with the GDPR. As a personal data subject, you have the following rights:
to know (be informed) about the processing of your personal data;
to access your personal data that we process;
to request the correction or supplementation of incorrect, inaccurate, incomplete personal data;
to require the destruction of your personal data when they are no longer needed for the purposes for which they were collected;
to demand the destruction of personal data if they are processed unlawfully or if you withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data or do not give such consent, which is necessary;
to object to the processing of personal data or to withdraw prior consent;
to demand the suspension (other than storage) of your personal data processing in the event of a dispute or verification of the lawfulness of the processing, the accuracy of the data, as well as in cases when we no longer need your personal data but you do not want us to destroy them;
to require the submission, if technically possible, of your personal data collected with your consent or for the purposes of the performance of the agreement in an easy-to-read format or request their transfer to another controller.
We will endeavor to guarantee the exercise of your rights as a personal data subject and to create all conditions for the effective exercise of these rights, but we reserve the right not to comply with your requirements when it is required by the relevant legal grounds. If we refuse to comply with your request, we will clearly state the grounds for such refusal.
You can submit requests related to the exercise of your rights to us in person, by post or by electronic means. Upon receipt of your request, we may ask you to provide proof of identity, as well as any additional information we require regarding your request.
Upon receipt of your request, we will respond to you no later than within 30 calendar days from the receipt of your request and the date of submission of all documents required for the response. This period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. We will inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay.
If we refuse to comply with your request, we will clearly state the grounds and reasons for such refusal.
If you do not agree with our actions or the response to your request, you may appeal against our actions and decisions to the competent public authority.
TO WHOM CAN YOU MAKE A COMPLAINT?
If you wish to make a complaint about our processing of your personal data, please provide it in writing, providing as much information as possible, using the contact details indicated at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will immediately try to resolve any issues.
If you consider that the collection and processing of personal information relating to you infringes the GDPR and yours rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the State Data Protection Inspectorate
(www.vdai.lrv.lt
) or a supervisory authority in another Member State of the European Union in which you have habitual residence or place of work (list of supervisory authorities is available here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_lt#member-lt
), or to apply to the court. Although, above all, we seek to resolve all disputes with you promptly and amicably.
HOW WILL WE CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
We will continue to update our policies and practices as needed. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting any changes here. If we do, you'll see that the date at the top of this Privacy Policy has changed.
HOW TO CONTACT US?
Please send all documents related to this Privacy Policy or contact us at the following contacts:
UAB YARD VENTURE,
Company code 305571276,
Address
Raugyklos g. 19-6, LT-01140 Vilnius, EUROPEAN UNION
Email
hi@ratepunk.com