Privacy Policy
Overview
Maintaining the security of your data is a priority at Killer Ink Ltd (referred to as “Killer Ink”, "we", "us" or "our" in this Privacy Notice) and we are committed to respecting your privacy rights. We guarantee to handle your data fairly and legally at all times. We are also dedicated to being transparent about what data we collect about you and how we use it in a commercial way to include the interests of our customers and other business users.
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account, respond to your queries, protect our customers and employees, ensure the continuity and security of our business and website and, if you agree, send you information about our products and offers tailored to your interests and preferences.
We will only share your information with our service providers and our affiliates for the purposes above, as well as with regulatory authorities where required by law.
Your data will be retained for as long as you remain a customer of Killer Ink, unless you close your user account or ask us to amend or remove that data. We pledge to alter, amend or put beyond use any of your data as soon as you instruct us so to do by emailing us at mydata@killerink.eu or telephoning on +44 151 708 0000. Should you ever have any concerns about your rights please contact our Operations Director at mydata@killerink.eu.
1. HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
2. COOKIES AND WEB-BANNER ADVERTISING
3. SHARING DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
4. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA
6. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
8. WHAT YOU CAN DO TO HELP PROTECT YOUR DATA
9. YOUR RIGHTS
10. CONTACT INFORMATION
1. HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
Purpose
Legal Basis for processing
Purchasing process and delivery of products
which includes taking and handling orders, deliver products and communicate with you about your orders.
Necessary for the
performance of our contract
with you.
Managing our commercial relationship with you
which includes setting up and managing your account with us, verifying your identity, providing customer support and communicating with you about your purchases or your engagement with us.
Necessary for the
performance of our contract
with you.
Managing payments for the services we provide you
which includes billing process where you purchase a product through our website.
Necessary for the
performance of our contract
with you.
Communicating with you at your request
to provide you with information of our services and products in order to take steps prior to entering into a service engagement.
Necessary for
taking steps prior to entering into a contract
with you.
Ensuring proper administration of our business
which includes, managing and addressing claims and requests, keeping appropriate records and managing our business relationships and opportunities.
Necessary for our
legitimate interest
pursued by us or our service providers acting on our behalf or by a third-party insofar as such interests do not pose a high risk to your rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interest is ensuring the continuity of our business.
Preventing, detecting and fighting fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
which includes monitoring user activity and networks for fraud prevention and crime detection purposes, including auditing our systems and deploying security measures.
Necessary for our
legitimate interest
pursued by us or our service providers acting on our behalf or by a third-party insofar as such interests do not pose a high risk to your rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interest is preserving the security of our service.
Performing market research and service enhancement activities to better understand your needs,
which includes conducting statistical analysis on online activity, usage, browser, device and other data.
Necessary for our
legitimate interest
pursued by us or our service providers acting on our behalf or by a third-party insofar as such interests do not pose a high risk to your rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interest is making our products, services and website features more relevant and improving user experience.
Sending marketing communications
about our offers, promotions and products tailored to your interests. Because you are a valued customer of the company, we may collect data directly from you, as well as analysing your browsing and purchasing activity online and your responses to marketing communications. The results of this analysis, together with other demographic data, allows us to ensure that we contact you with information on products and offers that are relevant to you.
Where you signed up for our newsletter or other content, we will send you relevant information tailored to your interests based on your
consent
.
Where consent is not required, as you are an existing customer who purchased or negotiated to purchase a similar service or product in the past, we may send you marketing communications based on our
legitimate interest
pursued by us insofar as such interests do not pose a high risk to your rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interest is promoting our business and to provide you with offers of relevant services and products.
We will include an unsubscribe link in all our email communications, which removes you from receiving further communications.
To
establish, exercise or defend legal claims
in suspected or actual legal proceedings.
Necessary for
compliance with applicable laws and regulations
.
To
exercise or perform any right or obligation
which imposed by law on us. Where we are
legally required
, we may process your personal data in connection to specific legislation, statutory codes of practice and other legal or tax related obligations.
Necessary for
compliance with applicable laws and regulations
.
2. COOKIES AND WEB BANNER ADVERTISING
If you visit our websites, you may receive personalised banner advertisements while browsing other websites. Any banner advertisements you see will relate to products you have viewed while browsing our websites on your computer or other devices.
These advertisements are provided by Killer Ink Ltd via market-leading specialist providers using ‘cookies’ placed on your computer or other devices. You can remove or disable cookies at any time. Please see further information on the use of cookies in our
Cookie Notice
).
3. SHARING DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
Our service providers and suppliers
In order to make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal data with some of our service partners. These include IT, delivery and marketing service providers.
Killer Ink Ltd only allows its service providers to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers relating to data protection and security, which mean they can only use your data to provide services to us and to you, and for no other purposes.
Other third parties
Aside from our service providers, we will not disclose your personal data to any third party, except as set out below. We will never sell or rent our customer data to other organisations for marketing purposes.
We may share your data with:
- credit reference agencies where necessary for card payments
- governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts/tribunals and insurers where we are required to do so:
- to comply with our legal obligations
- to exercise our legal rights (for example, in court cases)
- for the prevention, detection, investigation of crime or prosecution of offenders
- for the protection of our employees and customers.
4. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
To deliver products and services to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your data outside of the European Economic Area. This will typically occur when service providers are located outside the EEA or if you are based outside the EEA. These transfers are subject to special rules under data protection laws.
If this happens, we will ensure that the transfer will be compliant with data protection law and all personal data will be secure. Our standard practice is to use ‘standard contractual clauses’ which have been approved by the European Commission for such transfers or other suitable safeguard to permit personal information transfers from the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to other countries in accordance with the applicable laws.
You may contact us to request further information on the measures used for the international transfers using the contact details below.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA
Your personal data will be stored in accordance with applicable laws and kept for as long as needed to carry out the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. How long we keep your personal data will depend on:
• what type of product or service we are providing for you;
• how long laws or regulations say we must;
• what we need for fraud and other financial crime prevention;
• what we need to lend responsibly;
• other legitimate business reasons (for example because we need to respond to a complaint or legal claim).
Therefore, different retention periods apply for different types of data, however, we will normally keep your data as long as you remain a customer of Killer Ink unless you close your user account or ask us to amend or remove that data. In case you are not currently a customer of Killer Ink, the longest we will normally hold any personal data about you is two years.
6. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND FROM WHERE?
Killer Ink Ltd may collect the following information about you:
- your name, age/date of birth and gender
- your contact details: postal address including billing and delivery addresses, telephone numbers (including mobile numbers) and e-mail address
- purchases and orders made by you
- your online browsing activities on our websites
- your password(s)
- your payment card details (when you make a purchase or place an order with us)
- your communication and marketing preferences
- your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses
- your location
- your correspondence and communications with us
- other publicly available personal data, including any which you have shared via a public platform (such as a Twitter feed, Instagram page or public Facebook page).
Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This list is not exhaustive and, in specific instances, we may need to collect additional data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice.
Some of the above personal data is collected directly, for example when you set up an online account on our website, or send an email to our customer services team. Other personal data is collected indirectly as you use our website, for example your browsing or shopping activity. We may also collect personal data from third parties who have your consent to pass your details to us, or from publicly available sources.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Our controls
Killer Ink Ltd is committed to keeping your personal data safe and secure.
Our security measures include:
- encryption of data
- regular cyber security assessments of all service providers who may handle your personal data
- regular scenario planning and crisis management exercises to ensure we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents
- regular penetration testing of systems
- security controls which protect the entire Killer Ink Ltd IT infrastructure from external attack and unauthorised access
- internal policies setting out our data security approach and training for employees.
8. WHAT YOU CAN DO TO HELP PROTECT YOUR DATA
Killer Ink Ltd will never ask you to confirm any bank account or credit card details via email. If you receive an email claiming to be from us asking you to do so, please ignore it and do not respond.
If you are using a computing device in a public location, we recommend that you always log out and close the website browser when you complete an online session.
In addition, we recommend that you take the following security measures to enhance your online safety both in relation to Killer Ink Ltd and more generally:
- Keep your account passwords private. Remember, anybody who knows your password may access your account.
- When creating a password, use at least eight characters. A combination of letters and numbers is best. Do not use dictionary words, your name, email address, or other personal data that can be easily obtained. We also recommend that you frequently change your password. You can do this by accessing your account, clicking ‘your account’, clicking ‘your data’ and selecting ‘change password’.
- Avoid using the same password for multiple online accounts.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
In certain circumstances, you may exercise the rights available to you under applicable data protection laws as follows:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information when such processing is based on legitimate interests, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain
to the data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact the UK data protection authority, Information Commissioner's Office, in this link
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
.
You can exercise your rights at any time by contacting us using the contact details included in this Privacy Notice.
We respond to all requests we receive from users in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests. In some cases, we may reject requests for certain reasons (for example, if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another individual).
10. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about how Killer Ink Ltd uses your personal data that are not answered here, or if you want to exercise your rights regarding your personal data, please contact us by any of the following means:
- phone us on: +44 151 708 0000
- e-mail us at: mydata@killerink.eu
- write to us at: Killer Ink Ltd. 54 Evans Road, Venture Point, Speke, Liverpool L24 9PB.
As stated above, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Further information, including contact details, is available at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/.
Last updated: 18 January 2021