Last Update: Sep. 1st, 2022.
NFTTrack ("us", "we", or "our") provides services through a Platform (hereinafter referred to as the
        "Service(s)").
This Privacy Policy applies to your Personal Information when you visit this Site or use the Services. This
        Privacy
        Policy explains how we may collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information when you visit this Site or use
        the
        Services.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you obtain information about our privacy practices and to help you
        understand
        your privacy choices when you use this Site and the Services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into any terms of service made available on the Site or in the
        Services. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with or you
        are
        not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using the Services.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as
        in
        our Terms and Conditions.
Upon your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information collected by us prior to the time of
        acceptance shall also be subject to this Privacy Policy.
1. Definitions
1) Platform
Platform is the NFTTrack iOS and Android apps and website.
2) Personal Information
Personal Information means personal information that can be associated with an identified or identifiable person.
         "Personal Information" can include name, postal address, telephone number, email address, financial account
        information, account number, date of birth, and government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number,
        national ID, passport, and Taxpayer ID).  Personal Information does not include information that does not
        identify a
        specific User.
3) Social Media Platform(s)
Twitter, Discord and other social media platforms in which the NFTTrack users can utilize the Services.
4) Marketplace(s)
OpenSea and other marketplaces for NFTs, digital items and crypto collectibles where the NFTTrack Users can trade
        NFTs, digital items and crypto collectibles.
5) Data Subjects
Data Subject is the identified or identifiable person to whom personal data relates. We process personal data of
        two
        main categories of Data Subjects.
NFTTrack Users:
Individuals who
browse the Platform as a visitor
registered with the NFTTrack Platform through their Twitter account, or
registered with the NFTTrack Platform through their Twitter account and connected their crypto wallets.
Social Media Platform or Marketplace Users:
Individuals
who are friends with or followed by NFTTrack Users on Social Media Platforms or Marketplaces.
who bought, sold, or owned an NFT, digital item or crypto collectible which has a large trading volume.
whose accounts are added by NFTTrack Users into NFTTrack’s system to follow up the transactions of such
            accounts, as such account related data is public and anonymous data stored in blockchain.
6) Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) who
        determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
We act as a Data Controller when we process personal data of the NFTTrack Users and the Social Media Platform or
        Marketplace Users.
The NFTTrack Users may also act as Data Controllers when they process personal data of the Social Media Platform
        or
        Marketplace Users.
7) Data Processor
Data Processor means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Data Processors in order to provide better service for you.
2. DISCLAIMER
In some cases (especially when we obtain the personal data not from the data subjects, e.g. from the Twitter or
        OpenSea platforms or other social networks and marketplaces) we are incapable to inform each data subject rather
        than by means of this Privacy Policy.
Nevertheless, we commit to implement appropriate measures to protect the data subject’s rights and freedoms and
        legitimate interests.
3. What Personal Information Do We Collect?
We may collect information about you when you visit our Sites or use the Services, including the following:
a. NFTTrack User
Full name, Social Media Platform username, profile picture and sign in information, and other personal data
            that
            you voluntarily provide to us: We may collect such personal data from you directly when you provide us with
            such
            information, e.g. when you register with our platform, contact us or add an item to your wish list etc.
If you link your Marketplace account; account information, profile link, and
            wallet address; NFT, digital
            item
            or crypto collectibles bought, sold, or owned; NFT project and collection information, price, and activity
            details.
IP address, the pages of our Service that visited, the time and date of visit, the time spent on those
            pages,
            unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data: We (and third party service providers acting on our
            behalf)
            use cookies and other tools (such as apps analytic tools and pixel tags) to automatically collect
            information
            about you when you use our apps.
Usage data: We may collect your personal data about how you use our Services from our own records. Your
            feedback
            and any information that you voluntarily share with us about your experience of using our Services.
Information about you from third-party sources : We may obtain information from third-party sources such as
            public databases, ID verification partners, and credit bureaus, where permitted by law. Such information may
            include your name, account number and/or customer ID with a third party, address, job role, public
            employment
            profile, credit history, status on any sanctions lists maintained by public authorities, and other relevant
            data.
Other information we collect related to your use of the Services: We may collect additional information,
            including email address, telephone number, mail address from or about you when you communicate with us,
            contact
            our customer support teams or respond to a survey. Such information will be collected to maintain contact
            with
            you and to provide the Services.
b. Social Media Platform or Marketplace Users
We collect personal data of you from legitimate sources, including information from commercially available
        sources,
        such as public databases and data aggregators, and information from third parties.
Display name, Social Media Platform username and profile picture.
NFT, digital item or crypto collectibles bought, sold, or owned, project and collection information, price,
            wallet address and activity details.
Other publicly available information.
4. Use of Your Personal Data
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
a. NFTTrack User
to provide and maintain our Services;
to fulfill our contractual obligations to you and anyone involved in the process;
to identify and resolve errors, problems or bugs in our Services;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose;
to review your requests, suggestions and complaints regarding our Services and provide user support;
to retain and evaluate information on your recent visits to our website and how you move around different
            sections of our app for analytic purposes to understand how people use our website so that we can make it
            more
            intuitive;
to improve and personalize our Services based on your needs, requests and suggestions;
to contact you for marketing purposes and promote our services (including push notifications).
b. Social Media Platform User
to provide our Services to the NFTTrack Users by sending them statistical information on NFTs, digital items
            and
            crypto collectibles;
to contact you for marketing purposes if you publicly disclose your Social Media Platform account. In such
            case,
            you will always have a chance to opt out of such marketing communications.
5. Legal Basis for Processing
We rely on the following legal bases for processing your data:
a. NFTTrack User
You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes,
Processing is necessary for the performance of our contract,
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject,
Processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, provided always that such interests
            are
            not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal
            data.
We have a legitimate interest in improving and personalizing our Services based on your needs, requests and
        suggestions, retaining and evaluating information on your recent visits to our app and how you move around
        different
        sections of our app, and contacting you for marketing purposes and promote our services, without affecting your
        fundamental rights and freedoms.
b. Social Media Platform User
Processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, provided always that such interests are not
        overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data.
6. Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We disclose your personal data,
a. NFTTrack Users
with other members of our family of entities for various purposes, including but not limited to, to provide
            the
            Services you have requested or authorized; to manage risk; to help detect and prevent potentially illegal
            and
            fraudulent acts and other violations of our policies and agreements; and to help us manage the availability
            and
            connectivity of the Services, and communications.
with third-party service providers that perform the Services and functions at our direction and on our
            behalf.
            These third-party service providers may, for example, provide you with the Services, verify your identity,
            assist in processing transactions, send you advertisements for the Services, or provide customer support. By
            using the Services, you have acknowledged and approved that third-party service providers have the right to
            collect, process and store your Personal Information.
with other parties for our business purposes, including:
to protect the vital interests of a person;
to protect our property, the Services and legal rights;
to help assess and manage risk and prevent fraud against us, our Users and fraud involving the Site
                    or use
                    of
                    the Services, including fraud that occurs at or involves our business partners, strategic ventures,
                    or other
                    individuals;
to companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by; and
to support our audit, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
with government and regulatory authorities and other organizations to meet legal and regulatory
            requirements, or
            to protect or defend our rights or property in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Social Media Platform or Marketplace Users
with the NFTTrack Users for the provision of our Services to them. (We only disclose them to Users who
            registered with the NFTTrack Platform)
with government and regulatory authorities and other organizations to meet legal and regulatory
            requirements, or
            to protect or defend our rights or property in accordance with applicable laws.
In some cases, we may not be able to give you access to your personal data that we hold, if making such a
        disclosure
        would breach our legal obligations to our other NFTTrack Users or if prevented by any applicable law or
        regulation.
7. Marketing
We may occasionally communicate news, updates, promotions and information relating to our products and services.
        We
        shall only do this where you have given us your consent or otherwise where we are permitted to do so under the
        data
        protection laws in pursuit of our legitimate interests.
We may share personal data with third parties to help us with our marketing and promotional projects or sending
        marketing communications.
If you do opt out of receiving promotional and marketing messages, we will no longer use or transfer your
        personal
        data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. We would like to remind you that we may continue to send
        transactional or administrative e-mails (e.g. account status and activity updates, respond to your inquiries or
        complaints etc.) related to our services or your requests for information or materials, even you opt out.
8. Why Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations and for our business purposes.  We
        may
        retain Personal Information for longer periods than required by law if it is in our legitimate business
        interests
        and not prohibited by law.  If your Account is closed, we may take steps to mask Personal Information and other
        information, but we reserve our ability to retain and access the data for so long as required to comply with
        applicable laws.  We will continue to use and disclose such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy
        Policy.
9. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We maintain appropriate technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable
        protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration.
        The
        security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and
        information
        access authorization controls. However, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or
        alteration of your data will not occur. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and the Services, you are
        responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account registration information,
        for
        example, to choose a password of sufficient length and complexity and not reveal account credentials to any
        third-parties, and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current.  We
        are
        not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that you transmit to us or receive from us by Internet
        or
        wireless connection, including email, phone, or SMS, since we have no way of protecting that information once it
        leaves and until it reaches us.
10. Can Children Use the Services?
The Site and the Services are not directed to people under the age of 18 ("Minors").  We do not knowingly collect
        information, including Personal Information, from Minors or other individuals who are not legally able to use
        the
        Site and the Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from a Minor,
        we
        will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data, and take steps to disable that
        Account.
11. Third-Party Websites and Social Media Platforms
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, provide the Service on our behalf,
        perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used (a "Third-party Service").Any
        information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is
        provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owner’s or
        operator’s
        privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any
        Third-party
        Service. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all
        Third-party
        Services that you access.
Our Services may include access to publicly accessible blogs, forums, or social media platforms. Personal
        information
        you voluntarily transmit or publish online in a publicly accessible blog, forum, or social media platform may be
        viewed and used by others without any restrictions. By using such services, you assume the risk that your
        personal
        information may be viewed and used by third-parties for any number of purposes.
12. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise, modify for replace this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our business, the
        Site
        or the Services, or applicable laws.  The revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the published effective
        date. If the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with a prior notice by posting
        notice of the change on the "Policy Update" page of our website.  We also may notify Users of the change using
        email
        or other means.
13. Transfers of Your Personal Information to Other Countries
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and
        information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.  By using our Sites and
        the
        Services, you agree that all information collected via or by this Site may be transferred, processed, and stored
        anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our
        affiliates,
        or the servers of our service providers, to provide the Services. And you consent to your Personal Information
        being
        transferred to other countries, including countries that have different data protection rules than your
        country. We
        will protect your information as described in this Privacy Policy if your Personal Information is transferred to
        other countries. We do not represent that our Sites and the Services are appropriate or available in any
        particular
        jurisdiction.
14.Contact Us
You may contact us if you have general questions about our Privacy Policy and practices or questions about your
        Account information or Personal Information. We provide users with the ability to review and correct their
        personal
        information where it is inaccurate. You may do this at any time by logging in to your account or by contacting
        us in Discord
http://discord.gg/ZFh3HpQMgz