Privacy Policy
Here at Scribehound, we understand the importance of your privacy. The General Data Protection Regulation of 25th May 2018 means we’re publishing this Privacy Notice to make it easier for you to find out how we use and protect your information.
Scribehound will never wilfully disclose individually identifiable information about its customers to any third party without first receiving their permission. You can sleep well knowing your information will not leave our business.
1. Our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to provide you with the best experience while using our site and to help keep our site free to members.
Our use of cookies is kept to a minimum, and mostly to those that keep our business functioning. These include internal/first party cookies to keep a user logged in to the website, for example, or cookies to establish website performance and usage from third parties such as Google Analytics or Hotjar. Other cookies may be used from the likes of Stripe to take payments on our website. We also use cookies to provide advertising which funds the business and may also use cookies to provide a more targeted advertising experience both on and off our website. We must stress that any of this information gathered is non-personally identifiable information.
The information gathered, based on your browsing, allows Scribehound to earn revenue in the form of advertising. We sometimes use a third-party service to carry out this advertising but again, no personally identifiable information is used in this practice.
2. What personal information do we collect?
You can browse without sharing information with us, unless you choose to subscribe to our newsletter. A newsletter subscription requires a full name and email address.
Subscribers to Scribehound are required to give card details and the required information for a payment to be accepted, on top of a full name and email address.
For the content creators on Scribehound, we require personal information in order to publish articles. This will also include a public-facing biography and a profile picture. We will need contact details for you to discuss your content at any time too.
3. How is the personal information we collect used?
We keep a secure database of all of our user's information. Your contact information is used to send emails to you, if you have opted in, and other information is used for Scribehound to contact you.
4. Will this personal information ever be used for any other purpose?
The only time we would ever use your personal information for any other reason is to aid the proper authorities in finding anything fraudulent or illegal. Your information is stored in our database and is not shared with any third parties. We will not use the information to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
5. How long do we keep your information for?
Your information is kept for as long as you continue to consent.
6. What does Scribehound do with my email address?
Users who have opted in to receive emails from Scribehound will receive our new content notifications. The frequency of these can be personalised in your account section. If you wish not to receive these messages, you can unsubscribe at any time.
7. Does Scribehound sell my personal information to a third party?
No. All personally identifiable information is kept very safe by us.
If you have questions about our usage of your personal information, please contact us.
8. Your rights over your information
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate.
You can also ask for it to be erased and you can ask for us to give you a copy of the information.
You can also ask us to stop using your information – the simplest way to do this is to withdraw your consent, which you can do at any time, through your profile.
9. Your right to complain
If you have a complaint about our use of your information, you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office via their website at
www.ico.org/concerns
or write to them at:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
About cookies on this site
Scribehound uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.

Please click OK to continue.
Learn more
OK - Continue browsing
Settings
❮
❯
Categories
Scribehound uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
OK - Continue browsing

Necessary cookies
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default.

Preferences
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.

Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.

Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements.
Save settings
Edit cookie settings