Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how Mojo ("we", "our", "us") collects and processes information
        from members and users of the website, software applications, and other online services we provide (collectively
        "Mojo’s products"). Mojo’s products include, but are not limited to, the Mojo extension for web browsers ("the
        Extension") , the Mojo mobile application (“the Mobile App”), and the website located at
www.mojocart.com
("the Site/Website").
Mojo attaches a great importance to the confidentiality of personal data, adopted as a working principle and
        gave working instructions to the employees in compliance with this principle. We are committed to protecting and
        respecting your privacy. If you have any data protection queries or require further information on how the
        council handles your data, please feel free to contact our Data Protection Officer at
support@mojocart.com
.
If we ever need additional personal information for a specific reason, we will tell you and ask for your
          permission. Also, to the extent that Mojo has links to other websites (like retailers), please note that we do
          not own, operate, or control them, and they have their own controlling privacy policies that you should
          review.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us,
          will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding
          your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. What Data Do We Collect and Why
In order to provide our products, Mojo collects information you share directly with us when you use our
          website, extension, and other products.
We DO NOT sell your personal information. Ever.
Though you
          don’t have to, you can choose to provide your email to set up an account with us, which lets you add items to
          your favorites, earn rewards, see a personalized recommendation feed, and more. You can also set up your
          profile with your name and other info for a more personalized experience.
Mojo also collects technical information about your device and use of Mojo to make sure that our products are
          working correctly. The information we collect is geared to providing Mojo members with a better way to shop
          online and to help us develop, improve, and market our services.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you as follows:
Identity Data: first name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Data: email address.
Transaction Data: includes details of transactions made by Mojo users.
Device Data: includes the type and version of browser being used, your device operating system, screen
            size, time zone setting, and geographical identifiers.
Profile Data: includes your username and password, purchase history, your interests, preferences, and
            feedback.
Usage Data: includes details of your use of Mojo including, but not limited to, traffic data and the
            resources that you access.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
          Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this
          data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to
          calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific discount through Mojo. However, if we combine or
          connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat
          the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We
DO NOT
collect any special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your
          race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade
          union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any
          information about criminal convictions and offences.
The Website, the Browser Extension, and the Mobile App are not intended for children and we do not knowingly
          collect personal data relating to children.
This data allows us to make sure Mojo products are working correctly, to make your experience better, and to
          detect and prevent fraud. Also, to help us coordinate our communications and marketing campaigns, and to
          understand how our users engage with our products, we use common digital tools that allow us to see if you
          opened an email we sent, visited a link in those emails, or generally interacted with Mojo as a result of our
          marketing efforts.
3. How Is Your Personal Data Collected?
We will collect and process the following data about you in the following ways:
Information you give us. This is information you consent to giving us about you by filling in forms on the
            Site, or by corresponding with us (for example, by email). It includes information you provide when you
            register to use Mojo, download or register Mojo, use the Services on websites , make a purchase using a
            code, deal, offer or promotion provided by Mojo and when you report a problem with Mojo, our Service, or any
            of our Sites. If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence.
Information we collect about you and your device. Each time you use the Services on websites we will
              automatically collect personal data including Device, Content and Usage Data. We collect this data using
              cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
We automatically collect information to ensure that our products work correctly on different devices and
              browsers. This includes data like:
the type of device you’re using
the device’s unique ID (where available)
operating system
browser type
IP address
event stamp
error logs
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
If you choose to link a social media profile (like Facebook) at sign-in, Mojo will store this
                information for login purposes. Linking your social media profile grants Mojo access to the profile, but
                only as allowed by your permission settings, that platform’s terms of service, and this Privacy Notice.
                We will NOT track any of your social media activity, and we cannot post anything on your behalf.
If you choose to sign in with Google, you’ll have the option of importing your contacts so that you
                can refer your friends to Mojo. Referral addresses are masked, so we never see or store them, nor can we
                contact anyone without your permission.
4. How We Use Your Data
We know how important your personal data is to you, so we will never sell it. We’ll only share it with your
          consent or in ways you’d expect (as we explain here). That means we will share your data if needed to complete
          your purchase, with businesses who help us operate Mojo, or if we are legally required to do so.
We may share information with our service providers (businesses that work for and with us) for the purpose of
          running Mojo and fulfilling our commitments to you. These include businesses that perform services on our
          behalf, including to help us maintain our products, to provide support for legal, banking, security
          protection, payment processing, our own marketing, and customer service. Please know that when we share
          information with our service providers, it’s for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and not for
          their independent use. For example, we use Google’s fraud prevention tool ReCaptcha on parts of our website,
          but it is only used to fight spam and abuse.
We may also share information in the following cases:
with your express consent;
in an aggregate or anonymized format that does not identify any specific person;
as required by law, or to comply or respond to a valid government request;
when we believe in good faith that it’s necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety
            of others, or investigate fraud;
with a buyer or successor if Mojo is involved in a merger, acquisition, or similar corporate transaction.
            If that happens, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Website of any change in
            ownership, as well as any choices you will have as a result.
Third parties collecting your data through cookies or other similar technologies referred to above may use
          the information to provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content.
We utilise services provided by Google Inc. You can read information about how Google uses data from these
          services
here
.
5. How We Protect Your Personal Data
We recognize the importance of maintaining the security of our users’ personal information, and we have taken
          technical and organisational measures to protect your data from loss or unauthorised access. These measures
          include limiting access, using encryption, testing for vulnerabilities, advanced malware detection, employing
          pseudonymization and anonymization techniques, and more. The transfer of all data is done with encryption, the
          algorithm of which includes, but is not limited to RSA and AES.
We still ceaselessly adapt our security measures in accordance
          with technological advancement. All data we collect from you is sent in an encoded frame. This implies the
          data is gone through a safe association and passed through a secure connection and that your personal data
          cannot be read by external parties.
6. How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer or any other device, with information about your visit
          to the web page, as well as any information you've volunteered, such as your name and interests. The use of
          cookies will help facilitate browsing and make using websites easier for you.
Like most other online services, Mojo uses cookies to collect some of the data discussed in this Privacy
          Policy. We use certain cookies as listed below:
Session cookies: They will be erased once you close the browser or shut down the device. They are stored
            on your computer or mobile device for no longer than 24 months.
Persistent cookies: They will remain even after closing the browser or shutting down the device and will
            be activated each time you visit the Sites.
Third-party cookies: They are used to collect statistics in aggregate form in analysis tools.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
to establish statistics and volumes of visits and use of the various elements that make up our site
to adapt the presentation of our site to the display preferences of your computer
to memorize information relating to a form that you have completed on our site
to allow you to access reserved and personal areas of our site or such as your Profile, using identifiers
            or data that you may have entrusted to us
to implement security measures, for example when you are asked to sign in to a content or service again
            after a certain period of time
7. Links to Other Sites
Our service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to
          that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review
          the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content,
          privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with
          the law. We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes
          and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our
          instructions.
8. Changes to Mojo’s Privacy Policy
By using Mojo products and our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have
          outlined in this Policy and to Mojo’s user agreement. Mojo may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time
          to time. When we do, we will send you a notification of the material change upon installation of update via
          email or other obvious method, such as posting the notice to your account dashboard. In addition, we will post
          those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and
          under what circumstances we disclose it. If you do not wish your information to be used under the new Policy,
          you can request that your account and all associated data be deleted at any time. You can also uninstall our
          products at any time using standard uninstall methods.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy replaces and supersedes the last version of
          this Privacy Policy for all users (including for those users that registered prior to the Effective Date). If
          you do not agree to our practices, please do not visit, register, subscribe, create an account, or otherwise
          interact with the Services.
Please Contact Us (
support@mojocart.com
.) if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices
          or this Privacy Policy.
The Mojo Team
Updated January 24, 2021