Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to RACELOGIC. This privacy policy will help you understand how we collect, use and protect your personal data. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
Who we are
Racelogic is a limited company registered in England. Our company registration number is 2743719, our VAT registration number: GB581435437. Our registered Office is in: Unit 10, Swan Business Centre, Osier Way, Buckingham, Bucks, MK18 1TB, United Kingdom.
Personal data we collect
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. We collect personal data as part of providing products and services to you. We may collect the following information:
name and job title
company and department
contact information including email address
demographic information such as country, preferences and interests
IP address
location
product use
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
When personal data is collected
We will collect your personal data when:
You ask for a quote
You purchase our products and services
You make customer enquiries
You register for information or other services
You register your product
You register your software
You respond to communications or surveys
How your personal data is used
We will use your data for:
Processing your quotes and purchases.
Keeping you informed on RACELOGIC's latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by updating your email preferences or contacting us directly.
Internal procedures such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve RACELOGIC’s products, services, and customer communications.
Processing competitions and promotions.
Marketing
RACELOGIC will contact you from time to time by email to keep you informed about product updates, firmware/software changes and other relevant news. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences.
RACELOGIC may contact you occasionally to ask you to take part in a survey, in order to enable us to review, develop and improve our services. We use Survey Monkey's website to host our surveys. In providing its services to us, Survey Monkey act as a data processor. To view Survey Monkey's privacy statement please click
here
. At all times, RACELOGIC will remain the data controller.
Your survey responses, including any personal data provided, will only be used by RACELOGIC for the purposes stated within this Privacy and Security statement. Personal data can include (but is not restricted to) your name, age and e-mail address. We may collect other personal data, depending on the survey to which you are responding.
Non-personal data we collect
RACELOGIC websites and online services may use “cookies.” Cookies enable you to use shopping carts and to personalize your experience on our sites, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, help us measure the effectiveness of ads and web searches, and give us insights into user behaviour, so we can improve our communications and products. Please see our
Cookie Policy here
.
Some of our software products record anonymous usage information and software exceptions. Data is limited to the following:
De-personalized IP address
Location – accurate to country and region only
Name of product opened (i.e. “VBOX Test Suite”)
Name of component opened (i.e. “Acceleration Test”) and number of opens / sessions.
Software version number (i.e. VBTS version 1.8.36)
Operating system (i.e. Microsoft Windows 10 Home / Microsoft Windows NT 6.2.92)
Language
Unit type (i.e. VB3i, VB2SX)
Mode (Online or Offline)
Exception details (an error message, along with information about where in the program code the error occurred)
The date/time that the entry was recorded.
Usage information is collected when the software checks for updates. We use this information to help us to prioritize features and updates to our software/components. Exception information is collected after the software has opened. We use this information to help us to improve the quality and stability of our software.
Our software applications
do not
record any data entered by the user, loaded into our software or results thereafter.
Protection of personal information
RACELOGIC takes the security of your personal information very seriously. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at
marketing@racelogic.co.uk
or using the unsubscribe option within our newsletters
Who has access to your data
Apart from ourselves, RACELOGIC subsidiaries and distributors in other countries may have access to your data. Depending on which country you are living in, RACELOGIC may forward your purchase or product enquiry information for further processing to:
One of our subsidiaries in Germany and the US. Our office information can be found
here
.
An authorised distributor in your country. A full list of our
VBOX
,
VBOX Motorsport
and
LabSat distributors
can be found on the relevant websites.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information if you are already a customer or tell us that you wish this to happen.
Request your data
You have the right to access the data we hold about you under Section 7 of the Data Protection Act 1998. In order to make a Subject Access Request, please write to:
RACELOGIC Ltd.
Unit 10-11 Swan Business Centre
Osier Way
Buckingham
MK18 1TB
United Kingdom
Please provide:
Your name, address, product number (S/N) and what information you would like.
A form of identification such as a copy of a driving licence, passport, or document containing your signature, and a copy of a recent utility bill that confirms your address. (This is to take reasonable steps to confirm your identity before providing you with details of any personal information we may hold about you.)
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Last Updated: 19 June 2018
Cookie Policy
Whenever you use RACELOGIC websites and online services, information may be collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies. RACELOGIC websites include racelogic.co.uk, racelogic.support, vboxautomotive.co.uk, vboxmotorsport.co.uk, vboxmotorsport.com, vboxmining.com, labsat.co.uk, vbox.co.uk, labsat.co.uk and labsat.cn.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or application. Your web browser (such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome) then sends these cookies back to the website or application on each subsequent visit so that they can recognise you and remember things like personalised details or user preferences.
Cookies are very useful and do lots of different jobs which help to make your experience on websites as smooth as possible. For example, they let you move between web pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your experience (see below for more examples). They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
They are referred to as session or persistent cookies, depending on how long they are used:
Session cookies
only last for your online session and disappear from your computer or device when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies
stay on your computer or device after the browser has been closed and last for the period of time specified in the cookie. These persistent cookies are activated each time you visit the site where the cookie was generated.
Which cookies does RACELOGIC use and why?
When you use any of our websites or online stores, the following four categories of cookies may be set on your device:
‘Strictly necessary' cookies
These cookies are essential in helping you to move around our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.
Some examples of these essential cookies include:
Remembering previous actions (such as text you've entered in a registration form) when navigating back to a page in the same session.
Identifying you as being signed in to our eStores or Racelogic.support and keeping you logged in throughout your visit so that you don't need to sign in each and every time you visit.
Functional cookies
These cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your username, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised which means we can't identify you personally. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling advertising or remembering where you've been on the internet, but do help with serving advertising.
We use these types of cookies to improve your experience of the websites. Some examples of how we do this includes:
Remembering your preferences and settings. This might include favourites or specific settings that you have chosen for the layout, text size and colours used on a website.
Remembering if you've been to the site before so that messages intended for first-time users are not displayed to you.
Supporting social media components, like Facebook or Twitter (where a website uses a plugin from these third party platforms, for example).
Checking the country you are in order to display the correct language or currency.
Analytics cookies
In order to keep our websites relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use them. For example, we can see which parts of the website are most popular, identify when errors occur, and test different versions of a page or feature to see which one works best.
These web analytics services may be designed and operated by other companies on our behalf. They do this using small, invisible images known as "web beacons" or "tracking pixels" that may be included. These are used to count the number of times something has been seen. These web beacons are anonymous and do not contain or collect any information that identifies you.
The web analytics services may also use cookies and similar technologies to make the information collected by the web beacons more useful. When you are viewing a website, a cookie is transferred to your browser by the web server and is stored on your computer. It can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
Cookies allow web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, identify whether you have visited one of our website before, what you have previously viewed or clicked on, and how you found us. The information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes. It allows us to track information, such as how many individual users we have and how often they visit our websites. It also helps us to analyse patterns of user activity and to develop a better user experience.
Web analytics data and cookies cannot be used to identify you, as they never contain personal information such as your name or email address.
If you still have concerns and want to prevent your browsing data from being used by Google Analytics, you can opt out using the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
. To opt out, you'll need to download and install the add-on on your web browser.
Advertising cookies
We use Google Analytics Advertising Features to make our online adverts more relevant to the viewer, to improve reporting on advert performance, and to avoid showing ads that the user has already seen. To do that, we have enabled Google Analytics to collect data about your traffic via Google advertising cookies and identifiers, in addition to data collected for standard Google Analytics.
We do not identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature. Neither do we attempt to disaggregate data that Google reports in aggregate.
Which Google Analytics Advertising Features do we use?
Google Remarketing
We use this feature to enable us to show targeted ads to users who have already visited our sites. Past visitors will see these ads while they are browsing the web, watching YouTube videos or reading news sites, for example.
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We use this feature to learn how adverts on Google's Display Networks assist our goal conversions. A goal could be submitting a contact form, for example.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
We use this feature to make additional Demographics and Interests data available in Google Analytics.
Other third party cookies
Please note that on some pages of our websites, you may notice that cookies have been set that are not related to RACELOGIC or our authorised service providers. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. These anonymous cookies may be set by that third party to track the success of their application or to customise their application to you. RACELOGIC does not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them due to the way that cookies work, as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
How to control your cookies
Please remember that RACELOGIC does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. These cookies are set to improve your experience on our websites and to enable you to benefit from specific features and to set preferences.
However, there are various ways that you can control and manage your cookies, which are discussed in a bit more detail below. Please remember that any settings you change will not just affect RACELOGIC cookies. These changes will apply to all websites that you visit (unless you choose to block cookies from particular sites).
Managing cookies in your browser
Most modern browsers will allow you to:
See what cookies you've got and delete them on an individual basis.
Block third party cookies.
Block cookies from particular sites.
Block all cookies from being set.
Delete all cookies when you close your browser.
You should be aware that any preferences will be lost if you delete cookies. Ironically, this includes where you have opted out from cookies, as this requires an opt-out cookie to be set. Also, if you block cookies completely, many websites will not work properly and some functionality on these websites will not work at all. We do not recommend turning cookies off when using RACELOGIC websites for these reasons.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off separately. This is discussed in more detail below.
The links below take you to the ‘Help' sections for each of the major browsers so that you can find out more about how to manage your cookies.
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Opera
Safari on Mac
Safari iOS
Android
Blackberry
Windows 10
Internet Explorer
Managing analytics cookies
It is possible to opt out of having your anonymised browsing activity within websites recorded by analytics cookies. RACELOGIC use Google as our analytics provider, and you can opt out of their cookies by using the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
. To opt out, you'll need to download and install the add-on on your web browser.
Don't forget that by not allowing analytics cookies, this stops us from being able to learn what people like or don't like about RACELOGIC websites so that we can make them better.
Managing advertising cookies
You can use
Ads Settings
to manage the Google Ads you see and opt out of Ads Personalization. Even if you opt out of Ads Personalization, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Managing flash cookies
The most common types of cookies are HTTP cookies. You can control these using the mechanisms described above. As well as HTTP cookies, there are other technologies which work similarly to cookies called Flash Local Stored Objects (LSOs). Some parts of the RACELOGIC websites use LSOs and these can be controlled manually by visiting the
Adobe website
.
LSOs may be used to store user preferences for media player functionality, and without them some video content may not play properly. We therefore do not recommend turning these cookies off when visiting RACELOGIC websites.
Last Updated: 16 February 2022