SunQuest Privacy Policy
This document explains our privacy policy and how we handle your personal information if you use SunQuest app.
This mobile application is intended to provide visualizations and predictions for Sun based on your location or a location provided.
SunQuest does not collect any personal information
SunQuest does not require customer personal data to deliver these products.
SunQuest does not have any registration process and no information is provided by the user upon use of the application.
We do not keep customer personal data.
We do not have a customer mailing list.
We do not have any customer payment data. Any payments or purchases made through our apps are made between the customer and Apple, and any refund requests must be made to Apple as we don’t have the transaction details.
Information you voluntarily provide us when you contact us for help may include, but is not limited to, email address, device version, operating system version, time zone, locale, and device language setting, if using the “Contact Support” feature.
We may use the information you provided us to provide support requested by you.
Your location in our Apps
SunQuest does not require customer personal data to deliver these products.
When you use the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location as part of the Application’s core functionality. If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your device settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
If you grant a permission to the app to use the location data, your location is only used for the purposes of running the app.
The locations are only saved on your device to ensure that the application works properly and for easy reuse the next time you use it.
All data stored on your device can be completely removed simply by deleting the app from your device.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page.
Privacy Policy Updated 3-September-2023.
Contact
We love to hear your feedback and suggestions! Do not hesitate to contact us and let us know your comments!
Email is generally the preferred way of contacting us. Do not hesitate to contact us if you have any queries, comments and feedback.
If you are contacting us with regards to a problem with the application, please provide the following information, if applicable:
Detailed description of your problem
Name and version of the application
Type of device you are using and iOS version
If the problem appears intermittently or every time you use the app
If the problem started to appear after some change on your device