Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
These terms and conditions of use (“Terms”) apply to your use of the https://sites.google.com/site/highteqsolutions website (the “Site”), provided by Highteq Solutions and its affiliates (“Highteq Solutions”). Highteq Solutions does not take any responsibility for the accuracy of the information present on this Site. Highteq Solutions reserves the right to change any and/or all information (including Terms). If Highteq Solutions does make any such changes, the revised documents will be posted on this Site and the publication date will be updated. However, Highteq Solutions will not provide any other type of notice to you directly. We sincerely encourage you to periodically check all documents relevant to your situation in order to stay informed about their status.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
All materials contained herein are provided “AS IS” without warranty. Highteq Solutions disclaims warranties of any kind, including all conditions of merchantability, whether expressly implied or statutory, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement as well as warranties concerning availability, accuracy or content of data or other information. Highteq Solutions does not warrant that the Site or the functions, features, or content contained therein will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected. Highteq Solutions shall not be responsible for any malfunctions, errors, crashes or other adverse events that may occur in connection with your use of the Site. Any use of the materials of this Site is at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, including but not limited to loss of data. If you are dissatisfied with the Site or any content or function thereon, you should simply discontinue accessing the Site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances shall Highteq Solutions be liable for any kind of damages indirect or consequential, including loss of profits or revenues and/or costs of replacement goods or damages resulting from the use of the information or materials present, even if Highteq Solutions was informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
TRANSMISSION AND SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION
Highteq Solutions does not guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site. Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Highteq Solutions for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. Highteq Solutions will have no obligations with respect to such communications. By transmitting or posting any information, you grant Highteq Solutions an unrestricted royalty free right to copy, disclose, distribute, and otherwise dispose of such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to Highteq Solutions will be handled in accordance with Highteq Solutions’s inner policies.
USER CONDUCT
While using the Site, you shall not: “Upload, post or transmit to, or otherwise publish through, the Site any material that violates any provision of these Terms; “Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site; “Conduct yourself or encourage others to conduct themselves in a manner that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability; “Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity; “Upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through the Site for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material); “Engage in spamming or flooding; or “Attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through the Site.” Highteq Solutions retains the right, but does not assume any obligation, to monitor the Site and to disclose any information as Highteq Solutions deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to comply with any subpoena or other legal process, to operate the Site properly, to protect ourselves or our users or for other reasons as Highteq Solutions determines in our sole discretion. Highteq Solutions reserves the right to remove or refuse to post any information or materials, in whole or in part, that we determine,are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of these Terms. Highteq Solutions may also suspend or terminate your use of the Site at any time.
SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS
Any software that is made available to download from this Site is the copyrighted work of Highteq Solutions and/or its suppliers. Such software shall be used in accordance with the respective terms of the End User License Agreement (EULA) that accompanies the software. Any use of the Software not in accordance with the respective EULA is expressly prohibited.
USE OF CONTENT
All the information, communications, software, scripting, photos, text, video, graphics, music, sounds, images and other materials found on this Site (collectively referred to as “Content”) may be used for informational and non-commercial or personal use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You may not use the content of the Site for commercial purposes without the prior expressed written consent of Highteq Solutions.  The unauthorized copying, displaying, or other use of any Content from this Site is a violation of the domestic and/or international legislation and may be pursued to the full extent of federal and state law. Permission to link to Highteq Solutions from any site is not required, but prior notification to Highteq Solutions would be appreciated.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
All product and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. The trademark of Highteq Solutions is provided for your information and by making it available Highteq Solutions does not grant you a license to use it. The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by Highteq Solutions or by the original creator of the material. Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you, but remain the full and complete rights and title of Highteq Solutions or the original creator.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Site may provide links to other third-party sites. Highteq Solutions makes no representations whatsoever about any other site which you may access through this Site. You acknowledge and agree that Highteq Solutions is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. References on this Site to any names, marks, products or services of any third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely for your convenience and do not constitute an endorsement by or association with Highteq Solutions of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites. You acknowledge and agree that Highteq Solutions is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such linked sites
APPLICABLE LAWS
This site is operated by Highteq Solutions from within the India. Highteq Solutions makes no representation that the materials of the Site are available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. User may not use or transfer the materials of the Site in violation of law and regulations.
QUESTIONS
Please contact us at highteqsolutions.apps@gmail.com if you have any questions about Highteq Solutions’s privacy policy or other legal guidelines.
©202
2
Highteq Solutions, All Rights Reserved
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it