Playvue Privacy Policy
Playvue Games, LLC (“Playvue”, “we”, “our”, “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy online.  To further this commitment, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, and use the information collected about you online.
What Information Does Playvue Collect?
Playvue may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you: create an account on the Playvue Website, or any Playvue products, software, data feeds, and services provided to you on, from, or through the Playvue Website or the Playvue In-App Services (the “Service”), or when you send questions or comments via email to Playvue. The requested information may include personal information such as your name and email address.
Email
From time to time, in servicing your account, Playvue may send you various communications via email for Playvue-related activities. In addition, Playvue may send you promotional or marketing materials related to Playvue activities via email. We hate spam. If we are sending you an email, it is because a) it is necessary in order to service your account, or b) we truly believe it is worth your time.  Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives.
By allowing you to send email to us, we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you.  We will only use personal information (such as name and email address) contained in your email to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the email.  Although we may retain your email for a period of time, we will not use any personal information contained in your email for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments.
Opt Out
Playvue provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us. If you are receiving emails and at a later date you choose to opt out and have your name removed from the emailing list, you can do so by using the link included with any Playvue email.  While you may opt out of any promotional, marketing or non-account specific emails, Playvue reserves the right to continue to contact you via email regarding account specific activities only, as needed, so long as your account is still active.
Links and Third Parties
From time to time we may include links to other websites as a service to you.  These third party sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control, and your activities at those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information, as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
Additionally, features and/or content found in our Service may be provided by third parties.  If a feature or content is provided by a third party, and not Playvue, that feature or content will be clearly labeled as such.  These third parties may place cookies on your browser or device, when you visit certain pages or access certain features, or collect cookies that they have previously placed, along with the URL of the page you visited. We do not control those third parties or their use of data.  Playvue is not responsible for any files, viruses or adware that gets installed by a third parties’ features or content.  Playvue assumes NO responsibility for third party features or content.  And, Playvue is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party features or content.  Playvue hereby disclaims any representations or warranties expressed on any site, feature or content other than its own.
IP Addresses
Playvue may also collect your IP address for safety and security purposes, as well as to help diagnose problems with and in the administrator of the Service. An IP address is a number that is used by computers and devices on the network to identify your computer and/or device every time you log on to the Internet.
Cookies
Playvue may use cookies to improve the use of the Service.  A "cookie" is a small file that websites and applications often store on a user's computer or device. Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience with the Service.  For example, cookies allow us to remember your username or tell us which of our services you have visited or used before, and may contain information that will make your next visit or use more enjoyable.  However, we do not use cookies to store personal information such as your name. In addition, Playvue does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer and/or device that was not originally stored in a cookie. You can always disable, reset or delete your cookies and/or set your computer or device to alert you when cookies are being stored.
Some content included in the Service may contain cookies put in place by the content creators.  In some cases, the content creator is Playvue. In other cases, the content creators are third parties (such as game developers). These third party cookies are used to store content specific data (for example, game save states) and, in some cases, to serve third party ads. We are not responsible for the use of any third party cookies not put in place by Playvue and Playue does not share any data with them.
Log Files
Additional, non-personal information collected by Playvue is in the form of logs.  Logs are files that record user activity.  For example, log file entries are generated every time a visitor arrives at or makes use of the Service. These entries enable Playvue to assess overall aggregate activity, track interest in specific features or in purchase behavior, and troubleshoot technical concerns.
Through the use of log files, we may also collect certain demographic information such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, etc), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows, Mac OS, iOS, Android, etc), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Time Warner, Verizon, AT&T, etc).
Cookies and Log File Data Usage
None of the data collected through cookies or log files provides us with any personal information about you. We use this data on an aggregated basis to analyze how our users are interacting with the Service and features and to customize your experience. If you are logged in to the Service, we could associate information about your usage that is collected by cookies or logs with your user account. However, we don't do this on an individual basis other than in cases of suspected abuse or illegal behavior. See our policy below about Investigating Abuse. No account specific data is ever shared with third parties or content creators other than Playvue.
Payments
Payments made on the Playvue Website are processed via Google Wallet.  Payments via Google Wallet are governed by the Google Wallet Privacy Policy (
http://wallet.google.com/files/privacy.html
).  In-App payments are processed by the payment processing services of the corresponding platform providers (Google, Apple, Amazon, etc) and are subject to their privacy policy and terms of service.  Playvue does not collect or store credit card or payment information.
Who is collecting my personal information?
Any personal information that you disclose while using any of the Service, except any content or feature provided by a third party, is collected by Playvue, and is used in the manner specified above.  It is our policy that third parties do not collect personally identifiable information.  If a third party is requesting personally identifiable information from you, you do so at your own risk and recognize that that data is not being collected by Playvue.
Public Forums
The Service may contain chat rooms, forums, message boards, newsgroups, and/or other communication tools available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Children's Guidelines
The Service DOES NOT MEET the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) guidelines. The Service may have links or content that is unsuitable for children.
Special Rules for Children
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to become registered users. If you are under 18, we also ask that you not include any personal information (such as your name, city or date of birth) in your user profile, in public forums, or in any user comments, posts, or messages or in the use of any communication tool or feature available in the Service.
When We Might Disclose Information
As part of our regular business conduct, we may share information with companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf, such as companies providing technological or fulfillment services. In the event that there is a change of corporate ownership, the new owners will of course be provided with our files, including information you have submitted. We will also share information with government officials, including law enforcement officials or court authorities, in order to cooperate with a legitimate investigation.
Unless we tell you first (such as at the time we collect information from you), or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to participate, we do not share personally identifiable information that we have collected (such as name or email address) with other, third party companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes.
Investigating Potential Abuse
We may use any information provided to us by a user, including personally identifiable information, along with any data gathered from our logs and from third parties to conduct investigations, and we may disclose this information to third parties, including law enforcement officials, investigators, or private parties seeking to protect and enforce their rights; if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, judicial proceeding, legal process, subpoena or warrant; we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or we believe that your actions violate the law or our Terms of Service or threaten the rights, property, or safety of our company, our users, or others.
Questions and Complaints
If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding our Privacy Policy Statement, please contact us at privacy-concerns@playvue.com.
Your Assent to This Policy
By using the Service, you signify your assent to the Playvue Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Dated: February 15, 2014
Copyright © 2014, Playvue Games, LLC |
Playvue.com
|
Terms of Service
|
Privacy Policy
|
@playvue
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://wallet.google.com/files/privacy.html:
Google Payments Privacy Notice
Last modified: 4 March 2025
The
Google Privacy Policy
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google products and services. If you are under the age of 18, you can find additional resources in the
Google Teen Privacy Guide
and the
Google Payments privacy guide for children
.
Google Payments is offered to Google Account holders, and your use of it is subject to the Google Privacy Policy. In addition, this Privacy Notice describes Google privacy practices that are specific to Google Payments.
Your use of Google Payments is governed by the Google Payments Terms of Service, which describes in more detail the services covered by this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Google Payments Terms of Service.
The Google Payments Privacy Notice applies to services offered by Google LLC or its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Google Payment Corp. ('GPC'). Consult the Google Payments Terms of Service made available to you within the service to learn which subsidiary is offering the service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC and, to the extent required under Brazilian law, it may be Google Brasil Pagamentos Ltda
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the European Economic Area (excluding the UK), the data controller responsible for your information is Google Ireland Limited
For users based in the European Economic Area, excluding the UK, and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Ireland Limited
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the UK, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC
For users based in the UK and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Limited
Information we collect
In addition to the information listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we may also collect the following:
Registration information
When you sign up for Google Payments, you are creating a Google payments profile that is associated with your Google Account. Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide information, such as:
Credit or debit card number and card expiry date
Bank account number and expiry date
Address
Phone number
Date of birth
National insurance number or taxpayer identification number (or other government-issued identification numbers)
For sellers or businesses specifically, your business category and certain information about your sales or transaction volume
In some cases, we may also ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your information or identity. Finally, if you register a carrier or operator billing account, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about your carrier or operator account.
Your registration information is stored in association with your Google Account, and your registration of a payment method will be stored on Google's servers. Certain types of data may also be stored on your mobile device.
Information obtained from third parties
We may obtain information about you from third parties, including third-party verification services. This includes:
Information arising from Google Payments transactions at merchant locations
Information regarding your use of payment methods and your accounts issued by third parties that are linked to Google Payments
The identity of your card issuer or financial institution
Feature and benefit information related to your payment method
Information regarding access to balances held in your Google payments profile
Information from a carrier or operator in connection with carrier or operator billing
Consumer reports, as the term 'consumer reports' is defined by the US Fair Credit Reporting Act
Information about your transactions with third parties (like merchants and payment service providers), which will be used for fraud risk modeling and to provide fraud risk scores and other fraud prevention services to third parties
Also, for sellers, we may obtain information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service.
Transaction information
When you use Google Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including:
The date, time and amount of the transaction
The merchant's location and description
A description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased
Any photo that you choose to associate with the transaction
The names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient)
The type of payment method used
Your description of the reason for the transaction and the offer associated with the transaction, if any
How we use the information we collect
In addition to the uses listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we use the information you provide to us, Google Payment Corp. (GPC), or another of our subsidiaries, as well as information about you from third parties, in order to:
Provide you with Google Payments for customer service purposes
Prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including to help prevent fraud, phishing or other misconduct
Assist third parties in the provision of products or services that you request from them
Review your Google payments profile to determine whether you continue to meet the terms of the service
Make decisions about your future Google Payments transactions
Build and train fraud risk models with your historic and current information, and produce fraud risk scores and assessments that are shared with third parties solely for their fraud or abuse prevention purposes
Provide you with information about your payment method’s features and benefits to help you better identify your payment method when using Google Payments
Fulfill other legitimate business needs related to the Google Payments transactions initiated by you
We may retain the information that you provide for the duration of your use of Google Payments, and for an additional period as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Information we share
We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google in the following circumstances:
As permitted under the
Google Privacy Policy
As permitted by law
As necessary to process your transaction and maintain your account, including to provide security improvements, protect your account against fraud, and for other everyday business purposes
To complete your requested registration for a service provided by a third party
To inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used to make payments through that merchant's site or app. You can choose to turn off this setting
To share fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments with third parties that use Google’s risk score and fraud prevention services, in order to protect your transactions with third parties from fraud and abuse
To help ensure your payment method is secure and valid, and to provide you with relevant information about your payment method's features and benefits, we may share your personal information with your payment method issuer, payment network, processors, and their affiliates
Examples of when information may be shared:
When you make a purchase or transaction using Google Payments, we make certain personal information about you available to the company or individual that you purchase from or transact with. This includes sharing your personal information with the developer from whom you purchase when you use Google Payments to make a purchase on Google Play
When you make a purchase through a website or app with Google Pay, we might share your ZIP code or postcode and information about your payment method so that the merchant can calculate tax, shipping, and other details related to the cost of your order (such as delivery costs and other price information), and identify whether the merchant can accept that form of payment from you as well as benefits or restrictions for particular forms of payment for your purchase
When you add a third-party payment method to your Google payments profile, we may exchange certain personal information with the third-party payment provider so we can both provide the service to you. The information may include your name, profile image, email, Internet protocol (IP) address, billing address, phone number, device information, location, and Google Account activity information
When you visit a participating merchant site or app, the merchant can check whether you have a Google payments profile with an eligible payment method that can be used to make a purchase through the merchant's site or app, in order to reduce the likelihood that you will see unusable features on sites or apps
When you transact with a third party (like merchants and payment service providers), we may send fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments related to your payment transaction to these third parties, solely for their own fraud or abuse prevention purposes
The information we collect, including information obtained from third parties, may be shared with our affiliates, meaning other companies owned and controlled by Google LLC. Our affiliates, which can be financial and non-financial entities, will use such information for purposes as disclosed in this Privacy Notice and the Google Privacy Policy, including for their everyday business purposes.
We provide you with the right to opt out of certain sharing between GPC and its affiliates, if applicable. Specifically, you may choose to opt out of:
Sharing between GPC and its affiliates of information about your creditworthiness for their everyday business purposes; and/or
Our affiliates marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your account history with us
You may also choose to opt out of Google LLC or its affiliates informing a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used for payment through that merchant's site or app.
If you choose to opt out, your choice will be effective until you tell us to change your choice.
If you do not want us to share personal information about your creditworthiness between GPC and its affiliates, or if you do not want our affiliates to use your personal information collected by us and shared with them to market to you, or if you do not want Google LLC or its affiliates to inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile, please indicate your preference by logging in to your account, and going to your
Google Payments privacy settings
to update your privacy preferences.
We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of GPC or with our affiliates except as described in this Privacy Notice or the Google Privacy Policy. Google Payments is a product offered to Google Account holders. Data that you provide to Google LLC for the purpose of signing up for a Google Account is not affected by the opt-out provisions in this Privacy Notice.
Keeping your information secure
For more information about our security practices, please see the main
Google Privacy Policy
.
The security of your Google payments profile depends on you keeping your account password(s), PINs, and other access information for the Service confidential:
If you share your Google Account information with a third party, they will have access to your Google payments profile and your personal information
It is your responsibility to control access to your mobile device and the Google Payments application on your device, including keeping your password(s) and/or PIN confidential and not sharing it with anyone
It is also your responsibility to alert Google or the relevant partner if you believe that the security of the information in the Google Payments application has been compromised
Any information that you provide directly to a third-party merchant, website or application is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of merchants or other third parties with whom you choose to share your personal information directly. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party with whom you choose to share your personal information directly.
© 2025 Google –
Google Home
Google Terms of Service
Previous Privacy Notices