Effective Date - April 11, 2022
Sega of America, Inc. collects limited information about you when you use Sonic Dash+. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect your information when you use Sonic Dash+, as well as your rights and choices about such collection, use and sharing.
By using our Sonic Dash+ you acknowledge that you have read and understand the terms of this privacy policy, including how we use personal information. Sega of America, Inc., located at the address set forth in
Section 7 “Contact Us”
is the data controller for the information collected via Sonic Dash+.
Sega of America, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member of the
Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program
(“
ESRB Privacy Certified
”). To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and have had all of the Products where this privacy policy and an ESRB Privacy Certified seal are displayed, reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online data collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, we are subject to audits of our Products and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
The privacy policy may be revised periodically, and any such revisions will be reflected by the “Effective Date” above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will provide you with additional notice of such changes by providing alerts within Sonic Dash+.
1. Information we collect
We collect limited information about you in Sonic Dash+. We collect:
(a) Game Profile Information
During your gameplay experience, Sonic Dash+ generates non-personal information about your Sonic Dash+ experience (such as your progression through the game, your unlocked characters etc). This information cannot be used by us to identify you and is not transmitted to us. This information is stored locally on your device and may also be saved to Apple’s servers (iCloud) in accordance with terms governing your relationship with Apple. We call this your “Game Profile” and SEGA does not have access to this information.
(b) Email address for customer support
If you choose to contact customer support, your communication to us will be sent via email. Our customer support platform will store your email address so we can reply to your message. Some device information is included in the email to help us address your issue – you may delete this information if you prefer. We will delete the communication log within 30 days of completion of your customer support enquiry.
2. How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
(a) Game Profile Information
Your Game Profile is required to record your performance through Sonic Dash+. The Game Profile includes information such as the characters you have unlocked, the levels you have played and the last time you played Sonic Dash+.
Your Game Profile may be saved on Apple’s servers (iCloud) to transfer your Game Profile to your other supported devices.
(b) Customer Support
We use personal information you provide via customer support requests to reply to your questions or queries, to provide customer support and resolve problems relating to Sonic Dash+ under the relevant terms of service. We may share non-personal information about your issues with Sonic Dash+ with our development team to identify areas and issues we can improve in Sonic Dash+.
3. When we share information
In delivering Sonic Dash + to you, we may share your personal information with:
Companies within the SEGA group (which means our subsidiaries and affiliates, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and affiliates) who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy.
Third parties with whom we share your information in order to undertake various activities or services on our behalf in supporting Sonic Dash+, including authorizing our third party partner’s subprocessors to process relevant data only in accordance with our instructions as needed to provide the respective service. These include customer support software providers for helping us manage customer support.
If our business relating to Sonic Dash+ enters into a joint venture, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, or new business partners or owners or their advisors.
We may use the information that you provide if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any legal obligation; or to enforce the relevant terms of service and any other agreement; or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations such as credit agencies, law enforcement or government bodies or the courts in connection with a criminal investigation, suspected illegal activity, fraud prevention and detection or in legal proceedings.
Personal information may be transferred to other countries where we or our service providers maintain operations. These countries may not have equivalent data protection laws to the country from where you access Sonic Dash+ or, in the case of transfers subject to European law, may not be subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission (EC). An adequacy decision is a decision taken by the EC establishing that a third country provides a comparable level of protection of personal data to that in the EU, through its domestic law or its international commitments. When we transfer personal information, we will seek to take account of any applicable legal obligations relevant to personal information transfers. In the case of transfers of personal information out of the European Economic Area, we will, in the absence of an EC adequacy decision relevant to the destination country, seek to rely on appropriate safeguards such as a valid Privacy Shield certification (in the case of a data transfer to a Privacy Shield certified US recipient -
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
) or enter into appropriate EC approved standard contractual clauses relevant to personal data transfers between data controllers or between a data controller and a data processor, (see
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm
).
4. Security and data retention
We take reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures, to protect your information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
Customer Support data will be held on our Customer Support system for the duration of your enquiry, and will be deleted 30 days after completion.
We may retain a record of your stated objection to the processing of your data, for the sole purpose of ensuring that we can continue to respect your wishes to not contact you further, during the term of your objection.
5. Your choices and rights
You have options and choices over how we use your information. We provide you with tools to access and update specific information relating to your use of Sonic Dash+ at any time. We respect the rights you may have under applicable law to request access to your personal information and where applicable, to request to receive that information in a commonly used electronic format (or ask for this information to be provided in that format to a third party where feasible). You may also have the right under applicable law to request the correction or erasure of your personal information, to seek to object to the further processing under certain circumstances of your information or to request that the processing of specific information about you is restricted while we verify or investigate your concerns about this information. We do not verify the correctness of your personal information.
You may delete your Game Profile stored on Apple’s servers (iCloud) by using the button “Delete All Data” available in the Options menu to delete your data. In addition, you may contact us as described in Section 7 “Contact Us” to exercise any of your rights. If you remain unhappy with a response you receive, and are in the European Union, you can also refer the matter to your data protection supervisory authority (see
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
).
For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please contact us as described below in Section 7 “Contact Us”. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. In addition, if you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact Sega of America, Inc.’s Data Protection Officer (
dataprivacy@segaamerica.com
).
6. Children’s information
If we learn that we have collected personal information of users under the age of 13 or other applicable age of consent, other for our legitimate interests (outside the U.S.), then we will take reasonable steps to remove such information.
If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal information about your child, you may contact us using the details provided below.
7. Your questions and how to contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our practices, you can contact us:
By email at:
help@segaamerica.com
By telephone on:
+1 (833) 390-0939
By writing to us at:
Sega of America Inc,
6400 Oak Canyon, Suite 100
Irvine, CA 92618
USA
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprivacy@segaamerica.com
.
Version – SD+PP_0002, EN
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.esrb.org/privacy/index.jsp:
ESRB Privacy Certified is annual membership consulting
A comprehensive privacy certification and compliance program tailored for video game and toy-related online products and services.
Six Reasons to Join Our Program
Identify risks with comprehensive assessments
Adopt a proactive, cost-efficient approach to privacy and data security compliance with our detailed assessments. We identify risks under federal and state privacy laws and offer guidance on global regulations, platform rules, and self-regulatory standards.
Safeguard kids’ and teen’s privacy
Uphold high standards for youth data and avoid costly investigations, enforcement, and penalties with our respected FTC-COPPA Safe Harbor Program. Our Kids Seal demonstrates COPPA compliance while our Privacy Certified Seal signals adherence with enhanced teen protections.
Maintain compliance with ongoing monitoring
After the initial assessment and certification, we provide members with at least two compliance reports in each subsequent year and conduct spot audits for each certified product, so they can address flagged issues on an ongoing basis.
Tailor solutions with industry-specific input
Leveraging decades of interactive entertainment experience, we conduct testing and analysis to help members avoid privacy pitfalls as they build or enhance their products, while meeting business needs. We work hand in hand with members to provide multiple pathways to address compliance issues.
Tap into our network of expert partnerships
Our members can take advantage of our partnerships with a wide range of privacy tool providers and age assurance and identity verification services. We also collaborate closely with top-tier law firms through our law firm partnership program.
Take advantage of privacy resources
We provide regular updates, webinars, and customized training on legal, regulatory, and technological developments including AI and other emerging technologies. We help members incorporate privacy by design and default into their product development lifecycle and offer checklists and guides to support product teams.
Learn more about our program
Interested in becoming a member?
Contact Us
Featured Blog Post
A Kids’ Privacy Adventure: Exploring the FTC’s Privacy and Lootbox case against Genshin Impact
Photo credit: Kassandra Acuna, ESRB Privacy Certified “Step into a magical world of adventure” proclaims a recent marketing campaign for the massively popular Genshin Impact video game, which offers players seemingly endless chances to interact with characters, complete missions, and battle fantastical creatures. One adventure that likely wasn’t part of any Genshin Impact story quest  […]
Read the Full Story
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;