Privacy Policy
Published and effective on:
01 12, 2024
Welcome to MeetYou!
We will collect your personal data when you use the MeetYou App or website at
meetyouintl.com
(collectively “MeetYou”).
We will explain in the Privacy Policy to you how we collect, store, protect, use and share your personal data with third parties and what your rights are, mainly including:
1. We will explain to you in relation to specific products and/or services to make it easier for you to understand the types and uses of personal data to be collected when you use our products and/or services.
2. We collect your personal data in accordance with the principles of lawfulness, legitimacy and necessity in order to provide our services to you.
3. We will ask for your consent if it is necessary to share your personal data with any third party in order to provide services to you. We will require the third party to take measures to protect your personal data in strict accordance with relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
4. If it is necessary to obtain your personal data from any third party in order to provide services to you, we will ask the third party to indicate the source of personal data and ask the third party to guarantee the legality of the provided personal data.
5.
We will seek your explicit consent in advance if we use personal data for purposes other than those described herein, use collected personal data for purposes other than intended use, or need to process personal data for business purposes beyond the scope of your authorization to provide personal data to third parties.
Application of MeetYou represents your consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
Please do not provide your personal data to MeetYou upon request and stop using MeetYou, if you do not consent to the processing of your personal data in the manner described herein.
You can read corresponding sections for more details of the Policy according to the following index:
I. Introduction
II. Definition
III. Personal data to be collected
IV. How to use personal data
V. How to share personal data with third parties
VI.How to store personal data
VII. How to protect personal data
VIII. Privacy rights
IX.Age limit and parent/guardian consent
X.Cross-border transmission of personal data
XI. Changes to the Policy
XII. Contact us
XIII. Applicable law and dispute resolution
XIV. Language
I.
Introduction
MEETYOU PTE.LTD. (hereinafter referred to as “MeetYou” or “we”) values the privacy of users. When you use our services, we collect and use your personal data. The Policy explain to you how we collect, use, store, protect and share your personal data during your use of our services, and the ways we provide you with access to, update, delete your personal data.
It is expected that you may carefully read the Policy, as closely related to the products and/or services of MeetYou, and if necessary, make the choices you deem appropriate as specified herein.
Relevant technical terms covered in the Policy are stated as concisely as possible and links to further explanations (if necessary) are provided for your understanding.
To help you fully understand the Policy, the terms hereof that have or may have a material relationship to your rights and interests have been brought to your attention in bold type.
You are deemed to accept and approve our processing of your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy by logging in or continuing to use MeetYou services.
However, it does not mean that we will immediately collect all the personal data contained in the Privacy Policy. We will only collect and use the personal data corresponding to any function in accordance with the Privacy Policy when you open and use such function through your own actions such as browsing, filling, clicking, etc.
If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, please do not use or stop using our products and/or services.
II.
Definition
(I)
MeetYou products and/or services
Refer to the products and services of MeetYou website (meetyouintl.com) and MeetYou App (hereinafter referred to as the “Services”).
(II)
Associates
Refer to the companies that have a direct or  indirect control relationship or  significant relationship with MeetYou.
III.
Personal data to be collected
MeetYou collects personal data in order to provide a better service to all users. Main sources of personal data include: personal data you provide to MeetYou, and personal data automatically collected by MeetYou. We will collect your personal data lawfully and reasonably to avoid over-collection. Before collection, we will clearly inform you about the type of personal data we collect and the rules for their use to obtain your authorization and consent.
(I)
Personal data provided to MeetYou
General data.
When you register and use the Services, we may collect your personal data such as:
1.Email;
2.Third-party accounts;
3.Password;
4.Nickname;
5.Avatar(only applicable to users of open community module);
6.Birthday;
Health-related data.
When you use the Services, you may choose to provide personal data about your health, such as:
1.Weight;
2.Temperature;
3.Moods;
4.Height;
5.Symptoms related to menstrual cycle, pregnancy, health status and the time of appearance;
6.Period length;
7.Information about your pregnancy preparation, such as leukorrhea, ovulation day and ovulation test strips, etc. (if you choose pregnancy preparation mode)
8.Information about your pregnancy, such as pregnancy due date information, pregnancy weight information, prepregnancy height and weight information, and baby kicks information. (if you choose pregnancy mode)
9.Baby's nickname, gender, date of birth , feeding records and other baby's physiological information (if you choose parenting mode)
10.The state of leucorrhea corresponding to your menstrual cycle.
11.Other data about your health (including sexuality) and physical activity, including data related to personal life.
Other data.
When you use this service, you can select to provide the personal data related to the usage of logging functions, community function (only applicable to users of open community module)or problems you feedback, such as:
1.Pictures related to the feedback problems.
2.Pictures related to the logs.
3.Pictures related to feeding records (if you choose parenting mode).
4.Pictures related to the articles published by the Creator (only applicable to the open community module and Creator users)
5.Comments posted on community articles (only applicable to users of open community module).
(II)
Personal data automatically collected
When you access or use the Services, we may automatically collect the following personal data:
1.Device information
Information related to your device and software, such as device brand and model, IP address, device software version, device identifier (IMEI/IDFA/MAC/Android ID/OPENUDID, SIM card IMSI, OAID), country code of SIM card, network usage habits, and hardware serial number ESN, setting for your country or region.
2.Log information
When you use our services, we collect details of your use and keep them as relevant web logs, including: IP address, type of browser, accessed url address, date and time of access, system error logs, and records of visited pages.
3.Homepage information and interactive behavior information (only applicable to users of open community module)
When you use our services, we will collect the information of your homepage and your interactive behaviors, such as the information of you browsing, clicking and interacting with contents (clicking "like", "dislike", "not interested", saving, commenting, reporting); your following number and list, follower number and list, favorites list, saving list and interactive behavior information (following, blocking) with other users.
4.Third-Party Data
Third parties may provide us with your personal data. For example, third-party payment platforms may provide us with data about your purchases (Apple Store or Google Play).
IV.
How to use personal data
Depending on circumstances, MeetYou will use your personal data according to the following legal basis:
1.Contracts: Necessary to perform the contract we entered into with you to create your MeetYou account and provide the MeetYou services. You allow us to use and process your personal data that you provide to us on the registration screen or whenever necessary.
2.Legal obligations: We may be obliged to use and process some of your personal data in order to comply with relevant applicable laws and regulations.
Purpose
Legal basis
Usage scenario
To verify user identity
Necessary to perform the contract we entered into with you to create your MeetYou account and provide the MeetYou services.
Register your MeetYou account and help you log in.
You choose to register/login with a third party account and authorize MeetYou to read the above data that you have used to register with such third-party account.
All associated versions of MeetYou use the unified MeetYou account service, including but not limited to MeetYou Lite, etc.
You can use your MeetYou account to conveniently log in and use MeetYou Lite for the usage of services or functions of corresponding versions. In order to provide a consistent service experience in MeetYou Lite, we will use SDK or related technologies to synchronize accounts and contents both in MeetYou and MeetYou Lite, which may include: sharing nicknames, avatars, birthdays and other account information that you have set to public; synchronizing the health-related data that you record, including but not limited to your height, weight, temperature, menstruation, pregnancy preparation, pregnancy and parenting-related records and other data about your health (including sexual behaviors) and physical activity, including data related to your personal life; synchronizing other information that you have authorized.
To analyze, operate, maintain and improve the Services and to add new features and services to the Services in order to support the existing functions of the Services.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou services.
We may use your cycle data so as to predict your future cycles , ovulation dates and pregnancy due date. We may also use the baby's physiological information you fill in for baby’s health analysis; We may also use your prepregnancy height and weight information, as well as pregnancy weight information you fill in for pregnancy weight analysis, and provide pregnancy weight management recommendations;
We may obtain your camera permissions, album permissions or mobile phone shooting or storage permissions to facilitate your usage of ovulation test paper , logs, feeding records, content management, avatar settings (only applicable to users of open community module) and other functions.
To respond to your questions and requests so as to provide better customer service.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou services.
We may use your email address in order to respond to your request for support and report (only applicable to users who have enabled the Community feature).
Please upload the pictures when using “Recommendations and feedback”, we may obtain your camera permission, album permission, or mobile photo shooting permission, as well as mobile phone storage permission.
To monitor and analyze usage trends, usage and usage behavior related to the Services.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou services.
We may analyze your browsing behavior about the Services in order to better improve your experience in the future.
To comply with child protection laws
Legal obligations
We will ask for your year of birth when you use the Services to ensure that you are of the right age to use the Services.
Statistics of cycle data help you to understand data changes during cycle.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou services.
Our chart data are based on the statistical analysis on your records of period, sex, weight, temperature, symptom, mood, leucorrhea and habits.
To provide and deliver the products and services you request, we will send you related prompts
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou service
We may send you messages prompting the starting and ending of period so as to provide more accurate predication; or send you record reminders, so that you can record your menstrual periods and related symptoms in time; or send you daily digest of your menstrual periods, so that you can understand the changes in your body during menstruation; or send you fertile period, ovulation period and ovulation detection reminders so that you can better understand your pregnancy information; or send you your weekly changes during pregnancy period for you to better understand the physiological changes of the baby and mother during pregnancy period; or send you postpartum changes and baby changes, for you to better understand the physiological changes of postpartum mothers and babies; or send you interactive messages (including "Likes and Saves", "Comments" and "Followers") for your better community interactions. (only applicable to users of open community module). You can disable this function in the “Message Notification”.
In order to provide you with customized products, services and advice.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou service
We may collect information about your purchases to confirm your subscription.
In order to push trending articles to you. (Only for users of opening Community module)
Necessary for the performance of our contract with you to provide and protect the MeetYou Services.
We will collect your behavioral information for you to read popular articles.
You can check the status of your “Allow Access to Device Identifier (IDFA)” (iOS) permissions in the MeetYou App under “Me” - “Settings” - “Privacy Settings” and decide to enable or disable the “Allow Access to Device Identifier (IDFA)” (iOS) permissions at any time (we will guide you through the settings in your device system). Note: enabling permissions means that you authorize us to collect and use such personal data to perform the functions described above, and disabling permissions means that you cancel the authorization and we will no longer collect and use your personal data and will not be able to provide you with the functions described above in connection with such authorization. Your decision to disable permissions will not affect the previously processing of personal data based on your authorization.
Please understand and agree that your data which cannot be be used individually or in combination with other information to recognize your identity are not your personal data in the legal sense; and only your data which can be used individually or in combination with other information to recognize your identity will be processed and protected as your personal data during the period of combined use in accordance with the Policy.
V.
How to share personal data with third parties
We will inform you of the purpose of sharing data and the legitimacy of data recipient, and obtain your prior consent. We will also accurately record and maintain information about the sharing of your personal data, including the date, size, and purpose of data sharing, and the basic information about data recipient. We will not share your personal data with any third party except as expressly stated below.
1. Service providers
. We hire service providers to deliver services to support and improve MeetYou, including email and infrastructure service providers. These service providers are required to provide the same or equivalent protection of user data as described in the Privacy Policy and are prohibited from retaining, using or disclosing your personal data except as necessary to provide services to us.
2. Third-party services
. We may receive your personal data from, and/or share your personal data with, third party services. Third-party services may collect your personal data and set cookies on your device.
Collection and processing of personal data and other actions by suppliers, service providers and other partners described below are subject to their own privacy policies, etc. but not applicable to the Privacy Policy.
In addition, in order to maximize the security of your personal data, we recommend that you should view the privacy policy of any third-party SDK services before using them.
To protect your legal rights and interests, you are advised to terminate relevant operation immediately and contact us in a timely manner if you find that such SDK services or other similar services are at risk.
Type
User
Privacy policy of user
Purpose of use
Email
Tencent Cloud Email Push Service (Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co. Ltd.)
Privacy Policy of Tencent Cloud
Used to verify your identity data in the process of using service functions such as complaint, password retrieval, and account logoff, etc.;
Email
Gmail（Google Inc.）
Gmail privacy policy
For feedback in the service process;
Infrastructure and security
AWS（Amazon Web Service,Inc.）
AWS Privacy Policy
Used by the App to store personal data that you have stored while using the Services;
Analysis tools, third-party login (only for Android)
Firebase SDK (Google Inc.)
Firebase Privacy Policy
Used for statistics and analysis of data, provision of basic anti-cheating capabilities, and monitoring of equipment application performance.
Attribution and analysis tools
AppsFlyer SDK (AppsFlyer Ltd.)
AppsFlyer Privacy Policy
Used to analyze the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, including determining and analyzing the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and providing anti-cheating capabilities.
Third-party login (only for iOS)
GoogleSignIn SDK (Google Inc.)
GooglesignIn Privacy Policy
For third-party login
Third-party login
Facebook SDK (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Facebook Privacy Policy
For third-party login
Ads
Google Mobile Ads SDK (Google Inc.)
Google Mobile Ads Privacy Policy
For advertising
Push notification
Mi Push SDK (Xiaomi Technology)
Mi Push Privacy Policy
Internal message push
Ads
Meta Audience Network SDK (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Meta Audience Network Privacy Policy
For advertising
Ads
SDK Mintegral (Mintegral Inc.)
Mintegral Privacy Policy
For advertising
Ads
SDK TopOn (Guangzhou Taku Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
TopOn Privacy Policy
For advertising
Ads
Pangle SDK (ByteDance Pte. Ltd.)
Pangle Privacy Policy
For advertising
Ads
Google UMP SDK (Google Inc.)
Google UMP Privacy Policy
For advertising
Transfer
With the continuous development of MeetYou’s business and corporate operations, we and our affiliates may enter into mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, in which your personal data may be transferred as part of such transactions.
We will notify you of such transfer in advance.
In the case of any transfer of personal data, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal data to be subject to the Privacy Policy, or we will require that company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
We will not share with, transfer or disclose to any other company, organization, or individual your personal data, except that we are legally required to disclose your personal data to:
1.
Comply with legal obligations or requirements, such as court orders, summons or other legal processes
We may disclose your personal data according to the specified type of personal data and manner of disclosure, if required by the laws or regulations of the country in which we are located, by mandatory administrative enforcement or by administration of justice. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive any request for disclosure of personal data as described above, we will request the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as a summon or letter of investigation. We firmly believe in being as transparent as possible about the personal data we are required to provide, to the extent permitted by law. All requests are carefully reviewed to ensure their legitimate basis and being limited to the data that law enforcement department has a legitimate right to access for specific investigation purpose;
2.
Deal with matters related to security or fraud;
3.
Respond to any emergency involving risk of death and serious personal injury or risk of child endangerment, provided that the entity requesting personal data has valid jurisdiction to access your personal data.
4.
Fulfill your request proposed by any third party, such as your request for personal data migration.
VI.
How to store personal data
We may store and process your personal data in Singapore, Sao Paulo or Frankfurt.We determine the storage duration of your personal data by considering the following factors:
1.The minimum storage period legally specified in relevant country or region;
2.Your request for deletion of your personal data or cancellation of your account, whichever is earlier (however, data may be stored in third party services and retained in accordance with their respective privacy policies);
3.The period necessary for the purpose of providing our services;
4.The storage period for performance of other legal obligations.
VII. How to protect personal data
1. We protect your personal data from misuse, disclosure, change, destruction or unauthorized access by utilizing various security measures within a reasonable level of security. For example, we encrypt personal data before transmission.
2. We have set up a special department for personal data security and established a special management system, rules and procedures to confirm the security of your personal data. For example, we strictly limit the scope of individuals’ access to personal data and require them to comply with confidentiality obligations.
3. In the case of any personal data leakage, we will initiate emergency response plans and remedial measures to minimize the impact, prevent security incident from getting worse, and perform related notification operations in accordance with the law.
4. At present, we have met the requirements of ISO27001 standard and obtain the corresponding certification.
We strive to protect your personal data.
Please understand that no security measure can protect against all risks.
VIII.
Privacy rights
The provisions of privacy rights in this section apply only to users located in relevant jurisdiction, unless otherwise specified.
The exercise of all your rights under this section can be requested by sending an email to our email address MeetYou.Serve@gmail.com, and we will respond to your request within 30 days of receipt (such period may be extended by a further two months in certain circumstances, for example where the request involves a large amount of personal data or a complex situation).
Please note that we need to verify your identity before responding to any request for right exercise in order to protect the security of your account.
(I) Access and correction of your personal data
We will take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access and correct your personal data.
You can access and correct your personal data at any time by logging into your MeetYou account.
You are entitled to contact us to correct your personal data as you need.
(II) Deletion of your personal data
You are entitled to contact us to delete your personal data. Please note that the deletion of certain personal data may affect your possibility to use the application and its functions.
You may request us to delete your personal data we hold if:
1.You believe that we no longer need to hold your personal data;
2.You withdraw the consent given to us to process your personal data (and we have no other valid and legitimate reason for processing your personal data);
3.You believe that we are processing your personal data unlawfully; or you are under the age of 13 (or the age of restricted usage of children under relevant local laws) at the time we collect your personal data, as verified by us.
If you have requested us with legitimate reasons to delete personal data that you have set as public, we will take reasonable steps and inform the third party to whom we have disclosed relevant personal data so that the third party can also have such personal data deleted.
(III) Processing restrictions of your personal data
In some cases, you have the right to request us to stop processing your personal data and only store such personal data. However, we may process your personal data if we have a legitimate reason.
If we agree to cease processing personal data, we will take reasonable steps to inform any third parties to whom we have disclosed relevant personal data so that they may also cease processing such personal data.
You may request us to stop processing your personal data we hold and only store such personal data if:
1.You believe that your personal data are inaccurate (during the period of accuracy verification);
2.You would like us to retain some personal data, which we believe should be deleted, in storage form only.
(IV) Access to copy of your personal data
You have the right to request to know what personal data we hold about you, and to receive its copy in the form of structured data storage and portable data storage.
(V) Refusal to use your personal data and withdrawal of your personal data authorization
If we use your personal data to defend our legitimate interests, you may refuse our use of your personal data. To the extent required by applicable laws and regulations, you may withdraw any consent you have previously provided to us.
(VI) Shine the Light request:
For California residents, if we disclose your personal data to any third party in the future for the purpose of direct marketing by such third party, you will have the right to request us to provide you with: (a) a list of the categories of personal data that we have disclosed to third parties based on direct marketing purposes during the last 12 months, and (b) the identity of such third parties.
(VII) Account Cancellation
You can click “My Avatar” and enter “My Profile” on “Me” page and apply for cancellation using the “Account Cancellation” module. If you do not log in to the account within 15 days after the submission of cancellation application, the cancellation will be successful. After the cancellation of your account, we will delete or anonymize the collected personal information.
Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal data. If you withdraw your consent or authorization, we may not continue to provide you with the services and functions corresponding to your withdrawal, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal data.
However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal data previously carried out on the basis of your authorization.
IX. Age limit and parent/guardian consent
General age limit
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The Services are not intended for use by children and we will not knowingly collect the personal data of children under the age of 13. No personal data will be collected for the Services from anyone known to the Company to be under the age of 13. If you are aware of any person under the age of 13 using the Services, please contact us by sending an email to our email address MeetYou.Serve@gmail.com and we will take necessary steps to delete his/her personal data and/or to delete his/her account.
If you believe that we are holding the personal data of any minor without parent/guardian consent and confirmation, please contact us by sending an email to our email address MeetYou.Serve@gmail.com and we will take necessary steps to delete his/her personal data and/or to delete his/her account.
X. Cross-border transmission of personal data
You understand and agree that the personal data we collect may be stored and used on servers leased by the Company and located in Singapore based on the necessity of providing the Services to you, and that we will take reasonable measures to protect your personal data and comply with the applicable legal requirements of the country/region where personal data are received. Clicking “Agree” to the Policy and using the Services mean that you consent to the transfer of such personal data outside of your country and region.
XI.Changes to the Policy
We may revise the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you via MeetYou or otherwise of any changes made to the Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with the updated version, please stop using our services. Your continuous use of our services means that you agree to be subject to the Privacy Policy as amended.
XII. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about your personal data, the Privacy Policy, or the terms of your rights, you may contact us via:
Client: Me - Settings - About MeetYou - Recommendations and Feedback
Email: MeetYou.Serve@gmail.com
Address: 987 SERANGOON ROAD SINGAPORE 328147
Data Protection Officer (DPO): You can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to MeetYou.DPO@gmail.com as you need.
XIII.Applicable law and dispute resolution
Except to the extent otherwise agreed in this section, the Agreement and any dispute or claim arising from or related to the performance of the Agreement will be governed by the laws of S
ingapore
.
Disputes of any kind arising between you and us shall be settled amicably. Any dispute, controversy or claim (whether of contract, tort or otherwise) arising from, related to or in connection with the Agreement, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Agreement, shall be submitted to the Singapore International Arbitration for final award in accordance with the latest arbitration rules then in force. The place of arbitration is Singapore. The arbitral tribunal shall be composed of only one arbitrator. The language to be used in arbitration proceedings is English.
Exceptions include: (a) those as otherwise provided in any applicable additional terms incorporated into the Agreement, or (b) those as otherwise provided by the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction (for example, you may have a legal right to bring or defend a claim in a local court (including a small claims court) in your jurisdiction).
XIV. Language
We have provided multilingual translations of the Privacy Policy, but in the case of any conflict between the English version and other language versions, the English version shall prevail unless otherwise required by applicable law.
简体中文
繁體中文
English (UK)
English
Filipino
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
ภาษาไทย
Español
Português
Deutsch
Français
العربية
Italiano
日本語
Tiếng Việt
Русский язык
한국어
Türkçe
English (UK)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/17345:

Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/privacy/:
选择您的 Cookie 首选项
我们使用必要 Cookie 和类似工具提供我们的网站和服务。我们使用性能 Cookie 收集匿名统计数据，以便我们可以了解客户如何使用我们的网站并进行改进。必要 Cookie 无法停用，但您可以单击“自定义”或“拒绝”来拒绝性能 Cookie。
如果您同意，AWS 和经批准的第三方还将使用 Cookie 提供有用的网站功能、记住您的首选项并显示相关内容，包括相关广告。要接受或拒绝所有非必要 Cookie，请单击“接受”或“拒绝”。要做出更详细的选择，请单击“自定义”。
接受
拒绝
自定义
Cookie 及类似工具(统称为“Cookie”)的用途包括以下几种。
关键
关键 Cookie 对我们提供网站和服务来说绝对必要，不可将其禁用。关键 Cookie 通常是根据您在网站上的操作(例如，设置您的隐私首选项，登录或填写表格)来设置的。
性能
性能 Cookie 可为我们提供有关客户使用网站情况的匿名统计信息，以便我们改善用户的网站体验及网站性能。经批准的第三方可为我们执行分析，但不可将数据用于其自身目的。
允许性能类别
允许
功能
功能 Cookie 有助于我们提供有用的网站功能，记住您的首选项及显示有针对性的内容。经批准的第三方可对功能 Cookie 进行设置以提供某些网站功能。如果您不允许功能 Cookie，则某些或所有这些服务可能无法正常提供。
允许功能类别
允许
广告
广告 Cookie 可由我们或我们的广告合作伙伴通过我们的网站进行设置，有助于我们推送有针对性的营销内容。如果您不允许广告 Cookie，则您所接收到的广告的针对性将会有所降低。
允许广告类别
允许
阻止某些类型的 Cookie 的话，可能会影响到您的网站体验。您可以随时单击此网站页脚中的 Cookie 首选项来对您的 Cookie 首选项进行更改。要了解有关我们及经批准的第三方如何在网站上使用 Cookie 的更多信息，请阅读
AWS Cookie 声明。
我们会在 AWS 网站和其他资产上展示与您的兴趣相关的广告，包括跨情境行为广告。跨情境行为广告使用来自一个网站或应用程序的数据，在另一个公司的网站或应用程序上向您投放广告。
若要不允许基于 Cookie 或类似技术的 AWS 跨情境行为广告，请选择下面的“不允许”和“保存隐私选择”，或访问启用了法律认可的拒绝信号的 AWS 网站（如全球隐私控制）。如果您删除 Cookie 或使用其他浏览器或设备访问此网站，则需要再次做出选择。有关 Cookie 以及我们如何使用的更多信息，请阅读我们的
AWS Cookie 通知
。
跨情境行为广告
允许
不允许
若要不允许所有其他 AWS 跨情境行为广告，请
通过电子邮件填写此表单
。
如需进一步了解 AWS 如何处理您的信息，请阅读
AWS 隐私声明
。
我们目前只会存储基本 Cookie，因为我们无法保存您的 Cookie 首选项。
如果您想要更改 Cookie 首选项，请稍后使用 AWS 控制台页脚中的链接重试，如果问题仍然存在，请联系技术支持。
跳至主要内容
Amazon Web Services
Legal

隐私声明
Get Started for Free
Create Free Account
隐私声明
以下译文仅供参考。如果本译文与最后更新的英文版本之间存在差异、不一致或冲突（包括由于翻译延误），则以英文版本为准。
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malaysia
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Polish
Português
Ρусский
Türkçe
日本語
한국어
中文 (简体)
请问有什么可以帮您？
1
AWS 对 Internet Explorer 的支持将于 07/31/2022 结束。受支持的浏览器包括 Chrome、Firefox、Edge 和 Safari。
了解详情 »
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.cn/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Privacy and Security in Firebase
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/ios/app-privacy:
Skip to main content
Authentication
More
Credential Manager for Android
Sign In with Google for Web
Google Sign-In for iOS and macOS
Passkeys
OpenID Connect
Authorization
More
Credential management
More
Credential verification
More
Guides
Get Started
Add Google Sign-In to Your App
Try iOS and MacOS Sample App
Get Profile Information
Authenticate with a Backend Server
Disconnect Apps
App Store Data Disclosure
Call Google APIs
Client-side Access
Server-side (Offline) Access
Migrate from Earlier Versions
Implement iOS App Check
Overview
Get started
Monitor request metrics
Enable enforcement
Use the debug provider
Releases
Release Notes
Google Sign-In on GitHub
API Reference
GoogleSignIn
Classes
Overview
GIDConfiguration
GIDGoogleUser
GIDProfileData
GIDSignIn
GIDSignInButton
GIDSignInResult
GIDToken
Constants
Overview
kGIDSignInErrorDomain
Enumerations
Overview
GIDSignInButtonColorScheme
GIDSignInButtonStyle
GIDSignInErrorCode
GoogleSignInSwift
Classes
Overview
GoogleSignInButtonViewModel
Enumerations
Overview
GoogleSignInButtonColorScheme
GoogleSignInButtonState
GoogleSignInButtonStyle
Structures
Overview
GoogleSignInButton
Sign In with Google SDKs
Credential Manager for Android
Sign In with Google for Web (including One Tap)
Google Sign-In for iOS and macOS
Industry standards
Passkeys
OpenID Connect
Legacy Sign In
One Tap sign-up/sign-in for Android
Google Sign-In for Android
Google Sign-In for Web
Call Google APIs
Authorizing for Android
Authorizing for Web
Authorizing for iOS/macOS
Using OAuth 2.0
Share data with Google apps and devices
Google Account Linking
Android
Credential Manager
Blockstore
Digital Asset Links
Android autofill framework
Web
Autocomplete
Cross-platform
Seamless credential sharing
Android
Verify users by SMS
Phone Number Hint
Web
Verify phone numbers on the web
Home
Products
Google Identity
Authentication
Google Sign-In for iOS and macOS
Send feedback
Prepare for Apple's App Store data disclosure requirements
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
Apple requires developers publishing apps on the App Store to disclose
certain information
regarding their apps' data use. Apple has
announced
that these
disclosures are required for new apps and app updates starting December 8, 2020.
This page explains the Google Sign-In for iOS and macOS SDK's data collection
practices to make it easier for developers to answer the questions in App Store
Connect.
To enable your users to sign in quickly and securely, the Google Sign-In for iOS
and macOS SDK may collect the following:
User identifier, to record OAuth grants created with the user's consent.
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device
for fraud prevention.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2024-10-31 UTC.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy/:
Effective April 25, 2023
This Privacy Policy describes Meta Platforms, Inc. (
"Meta"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
) practices for handling your information in connection with this website and our open source-related websites (
"Websites"
) and any content, related documentation, information and services (e.g. apps, tutorials, tools to support the developer workflow, access to resources, etc.) made available to you on this website (collectively, the
"Services"
). This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we process to support our Services.
For clarity, this Privacy Policy only applies to the Websites and does not apply to any:
use of open source code, documentation or specifications made available on GitHub, which are governed by the terms of the applicable open source license;
pull requests, issues and any other interactions or features related to participation in open source projects on GitHub, which are governed by GitHub's terms and conditions; or
use of any other Meta website, service or product, which are governed by the terms and conditions applicable to those offerings.
What Kinds of Information Do We Collect?
When you interact with us through our Services, we may collect or receive the following types of information:
Information you provide directly to us.
For certain activities, we may collect the following types of information:
Contact information,
such as name, email address and contact details; and
Other information
you provide to us, such as when you send us correspondence or otherwise participate on the Services.
Information we collect automatically.
Depending on the type of device you use and how you interact with us, we may also collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as:
Device attributes,
including information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.
Device operations,
including information about operations performed on the Services as well as pages visited.
Identifiers,
including information such as unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, and Family Device IDs associated with the same device or account.
Network and connections,
information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network, and Wi-Fi hotspots you connect to using our Services.
Cookie data,
data from cookies and other similar technologies that are stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings. Learn more about how we use cookies by reading our
Cookie Policy
.
Information you provide to us through our app (where applicable).
Some of our Services include the provision of an app. In such cases, we may receive certain video and text content that you choose to provide to us through our app. We may analyze this depending on the context and content in accordance with the purposes described below.
Integrations with other services from third parties.
Some of our Services allow you to enable or log in via various online services (collectively,
"Login Services"
). By including these Login Services, we aim to make your online experiences richer and more personalized. When you add a Login Service account to our Services or log in to our Services using such an account, we may collect relevant information necessary to enable our Services to facilitate your login, such as your email address. We may also share your information with that Login Service to facilitate or enhance the delivery of that platform or our Services.
As part of an integration with a Login Service, that Login Service may provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to their platform, and we will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, please remember that the manner in which platforms use, store, and disclose your information is governed by the policies that apply to those platforms. Information collected by Login Services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this one.
Social media features.
Our Services may use social media features, such as the Facebook "like" button, the "Tweet" button and other sharing widgets (
"Social Media Features"
). You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on a website to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third party social media network in order to share with others within your network. Social Media Features are either hosted by the respective social media network or hosted directly on our Websites. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the respective social media network(s) and you click through to these from our Websites, the latter may receive information showing that you have visited our Websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our Websites with your social media profile. Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing the relevant Social Media Features.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones and other devices. We use cookies and similar technologies, for such things as maintaining and monitoring the infrastructure of the Services, ensuring security protections, analyzing how our Services perform and other analytics purposes, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes as further described in this Privacy Policy. We also use analytics cookies to better understand how our Services are being used by tracking how you interact with the Services and where you click.
We use cookies served by Google Analytics to collect limited data directly from end-user browsers to enable us to better understand your use of the Services, including making use of the demographics and interests reports services of Google Analytics. Further information on how Google collects and uses this data, including processing in the United States, can be found at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of all Google supported analytics within the Services by going to the following webpage:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Learn more about how we use cookies by reading our
Cookie Policy
.
How Do We Use Information?
We will use the information described above for the purpose of operating and providing the Websites and our Services. Specifically, we will use the information for the following purposes:
Provide, personalize and improve our Services.
We use your information to provide the Websites and fulfill your requests for resources, services, and information; analyze content that you provide to us and provide suggestions for what is in such content; analyze the use of the Services and user data to understand, improve and operate the Services; and customize the content you see when you use the Services;
Communicate with you.
We use your email address to communicate with you about the Services and let you know about our terms and policies. If you subscribe to a newsletter, we will use your email address to send you such newsletter. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us;
Promote safety, integrity and security.
We use the information that we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, maintain the integrity of our Services, and promote safety and security on our Websites. For example, we use data that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of the
Terms of Use
;
For any other purposes
disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
How We Share Information
There are certain circumstances in which we may share your information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Service providers and third-party vendors.
We share your information with third-party vendors and service providers that support the Services, for example cloud hosting providers (to provide data storage and processing services), communications providers (to process new queries and to manage our emails) and analytics providers to perform analysis on the Services. These service providers are limited from using your information for any purpose other than to perform services for us.
Legal purposes.
We may disclose information for legal purposes, such as to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, detect fraud, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Meta, our affiliates, owner, users, or the public.
Business transfers.
We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
With your consent.
We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent. If you choose to engage in public activities on the Websites, you should be aware that any information you share there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while participating in these areas. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these public areas.
Children's Information
Meta does not knowingly collect or store information from children under the age of 13, unless permitted by law. We will delete any information we may have inadvertently received from a child under 13 upon notice. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to Meta through our Services please contact us.
Third-Party Links
Our Websites may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate (e.g. GitHub). Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not provide your information to these third parties without your consent. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you carefully review. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore have no liability or responsibility for the linked websites' personal information practices.
Data Retention
We retain information relating to the Services until it is no longer necessary to serve the purposes for which it was collected, such as to provide the Services to you or improve the Services. Reasons we may retain some information for longer periods include:
A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or to comply with applicable law;
A governmental investigation;
An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies;
To prevent harm;
For safety, security and integrity purposes;
To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products;
If it's needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings.
Additional Information for United States Residents
If you are a United States resident, you can learn more about the consumer privacy rights that may be available to you by reviewing the
United States Regional Privacy Notice
.
Additional Information for Individuals in the European Region and the United Kingdom
If you are a user in a territory or country listed below (the "European Region") or the United Kingdom, the following information also applies to you and supplements the information contained above in the Privacy Policy.
Andorra, Austria, Azores, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canary Islands, Channel Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Greece, Guadeloupe, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madeira, Malta, Martinique, Mayotte, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Cyprus, Réunion, Romania, San Marino, Saint Barthélemy, Saint-Martin, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and Vatican City and the UK sovereign bases in Cyprus (Akrotiri and Dhekelia).
If you live in the European Region, the data controller responsible for your information when you use the Websites is Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. If you live in the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your information when you use the Websites is Meta Platforms, Inc.
Our legal basis for processing data.
We collect, use and share data in the ways described above based on the following:
Contractual necessity.
The majority of the processing of personal data described in this Privacy Policy is justified on the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract and specifically, for the purposes of our
Terms of Use
. For example, we rely on this legal basis to create your account, grant you access to our Services and to communicate with you regarding the Services.
Legitimate interests.
Our processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Policy is justified on the basis that it is necessary for the legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We rely on this legal basis to further understand who is accessing and using the Services; prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Services, breaches of our terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; protect ourselves (including our rights, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
We rely on this legal basis for processing data when the law requires it, including, for example, if there is a valid legal request for certain data.
Data Transfers.
We transfer personal data both internally within Meta and externally with our partners. Information controlled by Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. or Meta Platforms, Inc. may be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries for the purposes described in this policy. These data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the
Terms of Use
.
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. will protect your data when it is transferred outside the European Region by implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data, where required, such as using the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data outside the EEA. Meta Platforms, Inc. will protect your data when it is transferred to countries outside of the United Kingdom by implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data, where required, such as using the International Data Transfer Agreement or the International Data Transfer Addendum which have been approved by the UK Parliament.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR and UK GDPR, you have the right to data portability, right to access, right to rectify, and right to erase your data under certain circumstances. You also have the right to object to and restrict certain processing of your data. In evaluating an objection, we will evaluate several factors, including: reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you and third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportional effort. Your objection will be upheld and we will cease processing your information, unless continued processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons.
Please note that to protect your information, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as a government issued ID. To exercise your rights under the GDPR or UK GDPR, you can email opensource@meta.com or contact us by mail at the address provided below.
Contact information for individuals in the European Region only
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., which you can contact by writing to:
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4, D04 X2K5
Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.'s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commissioner, or your local supervisory authority.
Contact information for individuals in the United Kingdom only
If you are in the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms, Inc., which you can contact
online
, or by writing to:
Meta Platforms, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK's Information Commissioner's Office.
Changes to this Policy
We will notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. If we make non-material changes, we may update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice.
We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Websites to stay informed of our privacy practices. Any changes will be effective when we post the revised policy.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us at
opensource@meta.com
or by mail at:
Meta, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Table of contents
What Kinds of Information Do We Collect?
Cookies and Similar Technologies
How Do We Use Information?
How We Share Information
Children's Information
Third-Party Links
Data Retention
Additional Information for United States Residents
Additional Information for Individuals in the European Region and the United Kingdom
Changes to this Policy
Questions
To analyze traffic and optimize your experience, we serve cookies on this site. By clicking or navigating, you agree to allow our usage of cookies. As the current maintainers of this site, Meta's Cookies Policy applies. Learn more, including about available controls:
Cookies Policy
.
Accept
Sub-policy 9
https://www.mintegral.com/cn/privacy/:
MINTEGRAL隐私政策
MINTEGRAL服务隐私政策
MINTEGRAL网站隐私政策
MINTEGRAL隐私政策
2024年9月14日
Mintegral主体（点击
此处
可查看根据可适用法律的规定应当披露的Mintegral主体的名称和联系方式，以下统称为“Mintegral”或“我们”）提供本隐私政策以介绍我们如何收集、使用以及共享信息。本隐私政策（以下简称“政策”）将介绍Mintegral对下列两类信息的处理：
(1)Mintegral提供服务过程中收集到的信息，包括：（i）Mintegral通过其提供的软件开发包（“SDK”）、应用程序接口（“API”）、平台、服务或技术从移动应用开发商、广告信息交换平台、媒介方平台、广告聚合平台等流量提供方收集到的终端用户的设备信息；（ii）Mintegral通过其SDK、API或其他技术方式收集的，或其商业合作伙伴（如移动应用开发者、广告主等，下称“商业合作伙伴”）或其指定的第三方收集并传输给Mintegral的关于终端用户与广告之间的互动信息；（iii）Mintegral商业合作伙伴或其指定的第三方收集并传输给Mintegral的终端用户的设备信息以及该用户使用该商业合作伙伴的应用、网站、平台或其他服务时产生的信息；（iv）Mintegral商业合作伙伴在使用Mintegral提供的平台、技术、服务过程中提供给Mintegral的信息。在Mintegral服务隐私政策中，本段所称的终端用户统称为“用户”或“您”，Mintegral所提供的SDK、API、其他任何技术、平台或服务，统称为“Mintegral服务”。
点击以下链接，
访问
关于此类信息
收集过程中的
未成年人保护
。
(2)我们通过以下网站而从网站访问者（在Mintegral网站隐私政策中，简称“访问者”或“您”）处收集的信息：（i）我们的网站
www.mintegral.com
,
www.mintegral.net
或其他载有本政策的网站；以及（ii）为提供我们的服务而由我们向潜在客户或商业合作伙伴所提供的任何网站。
点击以下链接，
访问关于此类信息收集过程中的
未成年人保护
。
本隐私政策受Mintegral与您的服务协议的约束。在使用Mintegral服务或Mintegral网站前，请阅读本隐私政策。在使用Mintegral服务或Mintegral网站时，您确认您已经阅读、理解并同意本隐私政策。
为了进一步完善我们的隐私政策和服务，我们会不定期对本隐私政策进行修订。我们会至少每12个月对本隐私政策进行检查及必要的更新。
数据保护以及保证业务合作伙伴和您的信任是Mintegral业务原则的核心。因此，遵守适用的数据保护法规是我们的重要任务，本政策已更新并符合可适用的数据保护法律的要求，包括但不限于欧盟通用数据保护法规（“GDPR”）、美国儿童在线隐私保护法（“COPPA”）、
巴西通用数据保护法（“LGPD”）、中华人民共和国大陆地区与个人信息保护相关的法律法规（
“
中国个人信息保护法
”），
以及美国各州隐私法（
“美国各州隐私法”）
，其中包括：《加利福尼亚州客户隐私法》（
“
CCPA
”）
、《弗吉尼亚州消费者数据保护法》（
“
VCDPA
”）
、《科罗拉多州隐私法》（
“
CPA
”）
、《犹他州消费者隐私法》（
“
UCPA
”）
、《康涅狄格州数据保护法》（
“
CDPA
”）
、《俄勒冈州消费者隐私法》（
“
OCPA
”）
和《德克萨斯州数据隐私与安全法》（
“
TDPSA
”）
。
就本隐私政策之目的，“受托处理者”指的是中国个人信息保护法下的受托处理者，
除
CCPA
外的
美国各州隐私法
下
的处理者（“Processor”），以及CCPA下的服务提供者（“Service Provider”）；而“个人信息处理者”指的是《中华人民共和国个人信息保护法》下的个人信息处理者，
除
CCPA
外的
美国各州隐私法
下
的控制者（“Controller”），以及CCPA下的公司（“Business”）。
MINTEGRAL服务隐私政策
1．介绍
本隐私政策描述的是Mintegral在以下情景下的信息收集和信息使用行为：（i）用户浏览由Mintegral服务提供的广告或以任何方式使用Mintegral服务；（ii）用户使用Mintegral的商业合作伙伴提供的平台、应用、网站或其他服务；（iii）商业合作伙伴使用Mintegral服务。
除本隐私政策明确说明外，
在提供服务的过程中，
M
i
ntegral
作为
GDPR
定义下的控制者处理用户的个人信息。
我们的技术使我们的合作伙伴能够向用户展示更多与用户的兴趣和行为相关的广告。为提供Mintegral服务，我们可能会收集和使用与用户的活动和爱好有关的信息。我们明白用户个人信息的保密非常重要，尤其是在当今的互联网时代。为此，我们以一个便于浏览和阅读的方式制定了本政策，以使您能清晰理解我们的隐私保护规定。
Mintegral服务可能链接到第三方的网站、应用或其他第三方的内容。请注意我们无法控制第三方对用户信息的处理，以及第三方可能存在不同于本隐私政策所述的隐私保护规定。
2．我们如何收集用户的信息
基于用户使用Mintegral服务或任何Mintegral的商业合作伙伴提供的服务的性质，我们可能会直接或通过我们的商业合作伙伴（例如：移动应用开发商、广告信息交换平台、媒介方平台、广告主）收集信息。例如：（1）当我们在移动应用中嵌入SDK时，我们会通过SDK获取到用户的信息；（2）当我们与广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台合作，广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台向我们的需求方平台发送广告需求时，其可能会与我们分享用户的信息；（3）我们的广告主或其使用的第三方归因平台会将用户信息共享给我们。
因此，在提供Mintegral服务的过程中，我们没有直接和用户建立联系。我们将通过Mintegral的商业合作伙伴（如使用Mintegral的SDK的移动应用开发商、广告主等）获得用户就个人信息收集和使用的授权同意。我们在与Mintegral商业合作伙伴的合作协议中，已要求其承诺并保证数据来源的合法性，且其将根据适用法律的要求向用户告知我们处理个人信息的具体情况，并获得用户的有效同意（必要时获取适用法律要求的单独同意），且保证用户可以随时撤销该等同意。
3．我们可能会收集到的用户的信息
当您浏览由Mintegral服务提供的广告或使用Mintegral的商业合作伙伴提供的服务时，我们和/或我们的商业合作伙伴可能会收集您的信息。
（1）当我们通过SDK收集信息时，我们收集的信息类型可能包括：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，时区和区域设置（国家和首选语言）；
②
设备
/
广告
ID
：国际移动设备识别码（
IMEI
）、安卓
ID
、
OAID
、
IDFV
，移动广告标识符（
如苹果
IDFA
、
谷歌广告
ID
及
亚马逊
ID
）
、
M
AC
地址、
国际移动用户识别码
（
IMSI
）
。注：如您依据本政策第
7
条限制了您的设备或应用软件获取您的设备
/
广告
ID
，则我们将不会收集相应的信息；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备类型，设备屏幕信息，设备电池信息，设备音量及字体大小，是否为模拟器，设备网络信息，设备硬件信息，设备传感器信息，限制广告追踪（LAT）状态，手机开机时间，手机用户名摘要，设备存储容量信息；
④应用信息：Mintegral合作方的应用包名，应用版本和特性，是否为App Store下载，SDK版本，已安装应用列表；
特别说明：针对中国大陆地区的安卓用户，对于下载类广告，会在展示之前判断您是否已安装该广告所推广的产品，如已安装，我们将不会展示该广告（我们称其为展示过滤），并在下次您的设备请求广告时通知服务端不再返回对应的广告，进而提高用户体验。Mintegral仅在此场景下会将被“展示过滤”的广告的相关信息进行上报，不会收集除此之外的其他已安装应用的信息。
⑤使用数据：当您与我们推广的广告发生互动，我们会收集到您与该广告互动的行为，如浏览、点击了该广告的相关信息。
⑥其他信息：设备事件信息（如系统崩溃，系统活动），时间戳，您提出请求的日期和时间以及来源网址，用户代理，TCF字符串。
特别说明：TCF字符串是一种机器可读的字符串，由IAB Europe公司定义，编码了您对我们个人信息处理目的的同意选择。关于TCF字符串的更多信息，您可以访问
IAB Europe网站
了解。为免疑义，我们仅当您位于欧洲经济区时，会收集您的TCF字符串信息。
（2）
当您浏览、点击了我们所推广的广告后，下载并使用了该广告所推广的产品（如应用），则我们会从广告主或广告主指定的第三方
归因平台
处收集到
以下信息：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，城市；
②设备/广告ID：IMEI、OAID、IDFV，
移动广告标识符（如苹果
IDFA
、
谷歌广告
ID
及亚马逊
ID
），
MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备语言，设备类型，设备网络信息，设备运营商；
④应用信息：应用版本；
⑤使用数据：安装事件或其他事件发生的时间戳；
⑥其他信息：用户代理。
我们还可能从广告主所合作的聚合平台处收集到以下信息：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，城市；
②设备/广告ID：IMEI、OAID、IDFV，
移动广告标识符（如苹果
IDFA
、
谷歌广告
ID
及亚马逊
ID
）
，
MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备语言，设备类型，设备网络信息，设备运营商；
④应用信息：应用包名；
⑤使用数据：变现事件发生的时间戳；
⑥其他信息：用户代理。
（3）当Mintegral作为广告需求方平台（“DSP”）时，广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台可能会通过API向我们传输您的个人信息，可能包括：
①位置信息：IP地址，国家，时区和区域设置（国家和首选语言）；
②设备/广告ID：国际移动设备识别码（IMEI）、安卓ID、OAID、IDFV，移动广告标识符（如苹果IDFA、谷歌广告ID
及亚马逊
ID
）、MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备屏幕信息，设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备类型，设备网络信息，限制广告追踪（LAT）状态等；
④应用信息：用户使用Mintegral服务时所用的手机应用的应用版本和特性，用户代理等；
⑤使用数据：当您与我们推广的广告发生互动，我们会收集到您与我们所推广的广告发生互动的信息，如浏览、点击了该广告的相关信息；
⑥其他广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台传输的信息。
我们会与具有良好声誉的广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台（包括但不限于Google Doubleclick）进行合作。广告信息交换平台或者媒介方平台接收到带有您的个人信息的广告请求后，在法律允许的情况下，将个人信息传输给Mintegral用于建立您的画像、个性化您的广告体验，并在之后在互联网上向您投放广告。
（4）我们向我们的商业合作伙伴提供Mintegral服务时，我们可能会收集代表该等商业合作伙伴使用Mintegral服务的联系人的姓名、职位、邮箱地址、联系地址以及其访问Mintegral官网时所使用的用户名称和密码、IP地址。
关于敏感个人信息
敏感个人信息通常是指一旦泄露或者非法使用，容易导致自然人的人格尊严受到侵害或者人身、财产安全受到危害的个人信息，其范围根据不同适用法律的规定会所有不同。
未经您的同意，我们不会收集您的敏感个人信息。我们的商业合作伙伴将在向您充分告知处理敏感个人信息的必要性以及对个人权益的影响并依法征得您的同意后，才会向我们传输或授权我们处理您的敏感个人信息。
4．我们如何使用用户的个人信息
我们按照如下目的使用用户的个人信息：
个人信息的种类
使用方式
设备信息
包括本隐私政策第3条第（1）至（3）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
基本业务功能
：
基于设备信息，您的设备将被我们从其他设备中识别出来，我们会使用您的设备信息在您的设备上以自动化决策的方式投放广告。我们采用去标识化技术和基于机器学习、模型预测等的推荐算法，对您或您的兴趣生成标签、特征、建立画像，并基于该画像和推荐算法的计算结果向您投放与您相关的，符合您的兴趣偏好、大概位置或其他特征的个性化广告或行为广告。我们的推荐算法并不会识别特定自然人的真实身份。
我们也会按照业界普遍实施的去标识化、匿名化等数据安全技术对聚合性数据进行二次加工，形成无法识别特定自然人真实身份的特征和标签数据库，开展群体性分析，优化算法训练模型，从而更好理解和分析您的使用趋势和爱好，以提高我们的Mintegral服务质量、开发我们的新产品。
扩展业务功能：您的设备信息将用于收集应用程序崩溃时的原因信息，进行后期崩溃问题的解决。
联系信息
包括本隐私政策第3条第（4）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
我们可能会收集和使用那些代表我们的合作伙伴而使用Mintegral服务的用户（如我们的移动应用开发商或者广告主的员工）的个人信息，并用于与他们进行商业联系或向他们进行直接营销（如发送营销邮件）。
敏感个人信息
/
未经您的同意，我们不会收集您的敏感个人信息。
我们的商业合作伙伴将在向您充分告知处理敏感个人信息的必要性以及对个人权益的影响并依法征得您的同意后，才会向我们传输或授权我们处理您的敏感个人信息。
5．我们处理用户个人信息的法律基础
（1）根据适用法律的要求，我们通过合同约定由我们的商业合作伙伴（如使用Mintegral的SDK的移动应用开发商、广告主等）会代表我们就本隐私政策所描述的处理行为征得用户或其员工的同意。用户或其员工可以随时撤销同意。
（2）根据法律法规的规定，以下是征得用户同意的例外情形：
①
为订立、履行与
用户
的合同所必需；
②　为履行我们的法定义务所必需；
③　为应对突发公共卫生事件, 或者紧急情况下为保护用户的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
④　为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为, 在合理的范围内处理用户的个人信息；
⑤　依照法律规定在合理的范围内处理用户自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息。
（3）如果您位于欧洲经济区内，在必要的情况下，我们会基于GDPR规定的“合法利益”使用您的个人信息。我们的合法利益包括如下：监控及防止欺诈行为，排除系统运行的技术障碍，保证系统及流程的正确和安全的运行。
6．我们如何共享、委托处理、转让、公开披露、传输用户的个人信息
（一）共享
我们可能会基于以下使用目的、使用场景向第三方共享个人信息：
编号
第
三方类型
第三方
信息
信息
类型
处理目的及处理方式
1.
广告主、广告代理、广告归因服务商、广告需求方平台
详见
第三方名单
①位置信息：IP地址；
②设备/广告ID：国际移动设备识别码（IMEI）、安卓ID、OAID、IDFV，移动广告标识符（
如苹果
IDFA、
谷歌广告
ID
及亚马逊
ID
）、MAC地址；
③设备信息：设备生产商，设备型号，设备的操作系统信息，设备类型，设备屏幕信息，设备电池信息，设备音量及字体大小，是否为模拟器，设备网络信息，设备传感器信息，限制广告追踪（LAT）状态，手机开机时间，手机用户名摘要；
④应用信息：Mintegral合作方的应用包名，应用版本和特性，是否为App Store下载，SDK版本；
⑤使用数据：当您与我们推广的广告发生互动，我们会收集到您与该广告互动的行为，如浏览、点击了该广告的相关信息；
⑥其他信息：用户代理。
①用于进行广告归因
并与
广告主
/
广告代理进行结算
（就该等个人信息处理活动而言，
Mintegral
作为
处理者代表广告主
/
广告代理处理用户的个人信息
）
；
②用于监测广告投放质量；
③用于进行精准投放
2.
Mintegral的关联公司
详见
Mintegral关联公司
本隐私政策第3条第（1）至（3）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
我们的关联公司内部用于进行数据分析以提高服务质量，以及向其客户提供基于统计级数据的分析服务
3.
详见
Mintegral关联公司
本隐私政策第3条第（4）项所描述的所有个人信息类型
用于向用户推广我们关联公司的产品或服务
除本隐私政策明确表述之外，除非经过用户的授权同意，我们不会向其他第三方共享用户的个人信息。
我们已和直接接触用户的合作方进行约定，由合作方告知用户上述第三方的信息，并征得用户的单独同意。
我们也可能根据本隐私政策的条款与其他第三方分享汇总的或匿名的信息。
（二）委托处理
第三方类型
第三方名称及联系方式
信息类型
处理目的及处理方式
云服务提供商
详见
云服务提供商
本隐私政策第3条所提到的所有信息类型
响应广告请求；保证系统和流程的正确和适当的运行；存储数据
除本隐私政策明确表述之外，我们不会委托其他第三方处理用户的个人信息。
（
三
）
转让
我们不会将用户的个人信息转移给任何公司、组织和个人, 但以下情况除外：
1.
1.
事先告知用户转移个人信息的种类、目的、方式和范围
并获得用户的单独同意；
2. 如涉及合并、分立、解散、被宣告破产等原因需要转移个人信息的, 我们会向用户告知接收方的名称或者姓名和联系方式, 并要求接收方继续履行个人信息处理者的义务。接收方变更原先的处理目的、处理方式的, 我们会要求接收方重新取得用户的同意。
（
四
）
公开披露
我们不会公开披露终端用户的个人信息, 但以下情况除外:
1. 告知用户公开披露的个人信息的种类、目的、方式和范围并获得用户的单独同意后；
2. 在法律法规、法律程序、诉讼或政府主管部门强制要求的情况下。
（五）
国际传输
1. 如果您位于欧洲经济区内，我们收集到的关于您的信息将被传输到位于欧洲经济区以外的国家或将可在该等国家远程访问，包括中国、美国以及其他同样未被欧盟委员会认定为是对个人信息提供了适当程度保护措施的国家，但我们会根据适用法律的要求对该等个人信息提供合适的保护措施。如有法律要求，我们的商业合作伙伴（如使用Mintegral的SDK的移动应用开发商、广告主等）会为此征得您关于将您的个人信息传输到欧洲经济区以外，包括传输给Mintegral、Mintegral的关联公司或本隐私政策规定下的其他接受方的同意。您可以随时撤销您的同意。
为了将个人信息传输至Mintegral的关联公司，Mintegral已经签订《欧盟标准合同条款》（“标准合同”）。您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
要求获得一份标准合同的副本。
2. 如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，我们根据本政策收集的关于您的个人信息，将存储在中华人民共和国大陆地区。
我们
不会将您的个人信息
传输至
境外
。
如果我们的
商业合作伙伴
将您的个人信息传输至境外，
我们的
商业合作伙伴
应
独自负责
履行数据出境相关的合规义务，向
您
告知境外接收方的名称或者姓名、联系方式、处理目的、处理方式、个人信息的种类以及个人向境外接收方行使法定权利的方式和程序以及其他法律要求事项
，
应征得
您
的单独同意，履行法律法规规定的评估程序，并满足法律法规所规定的其他条件。
7．您的信息权利
如果您位于欧洲经济区内，您享有以下权利（受限于GDPR所规定的少数例外）：（i）查阅、修改或删除个人信息；（ii）限制或拒绝处理您的个人信息；以及（iii）要求向他人或第三方提供个人信息的电子版副本。同时，您有权就您的个人信息处理问题向欧洲经济区当地的数据保护部门发起投诉。
如果您是美国加利福尼亚州的居民，
您可以询问我们在过去
12
个月内收集和使用您的个人资料的情况，具体包括：
我们已经收集到的个人信息的种类。
我们收集个人信息的来源的种类。
我们收集、销售和/或共享个人信息的商事或商业目的。
与我们披露个人信息的第三方的种类。
我们为商业目的出售、共享或披露的个人信息种类。
我们为商业目的向其出售、共享或披露的个人信息的第三方。
您的权利。您可以要求我们提供在过去12个月内收集的有关您的个人资料的副本。
您可以要求我们删除我们从您处收集到的个人信息。
您可以要求我们更正您的个人信息。
如CCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部，以行使您上述加州隐私权利；（ii）点击以下链接，要求禁止出售
或共享
您的数据：
请勿出售或共享我的数据
；以及（iii）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求要求限制使用您的敏感个人信息。
当您提交请求时，我们将通过您提供的信息（如设备ID、公司电子邮件等），按照我们的内部指引核实您的请求。您可以指定一名授权代理，通过向授权代理提供书面许可，以及直接向我们核实您本人的身份，来提出访问或删除您个人信息的请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理提出的任何请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理人的任何请求。有关CCPA指定的请求指标，请参阅
此处
。
如CCPA所定义的，我们已向以下类别的第三方销售以下类别的个人信息：请参阅本政策第6(1)条（"共享"）下第一行中的“信息类型”和“第三方类型”列。我们不会未经明确授权销售16岁以下未成年人的个人信息。
您还可以在上述的
“我们可能会收集到的用户的信息”
部分找到我们收集的个人信息的类别列表。有关我们获取个人信息的来源的详细信息，请参阅上述的
“我们如何收集用户的信息”
部分。我们根据上述的
“我们如何使用用户的个人信息”
部分中描述的业务或商业目的收集和使用个人信息。
如果您是（i）
美国弗吉尼亚州的居民（自2023年1月1日起生效），或者
（ii）
是美国科罗拉多州的居民（自2023年7月1日起生效），
或者
（
iii
）
是美国康涅狄格州的居民（自
2023
年
7
月
1
日起生效），
或者
（
iv
）
是美国德克萨斯州的居民（自
2024
年
7
月
1
日起生效）
您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利：
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问这些个人信息；
纠正您个人信息中的不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获得您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i)个性化广告，(ii)出售您的个人信息，或(iii)对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如VCDPA
、
CPA
、
CDPA
和
TDPSA
所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使您上述个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求禁止个性化广告、禁止出售您的个人信息、禁止对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国犹他州的居民，自2023年12月31日起，您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利：
确认我们是否在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您向我们提供的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i) 个性化广告，或 (ii) 出售您的个人信息。
如UCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使您上述个人信息权利。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国俄勒冈州的居民（自2024年7月1日起生效），您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利:
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
获取我们向其披露个人信息的第三方名单；
纠正您个人资料中的任何不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：（i）个性化广告，或（ii）出售您的个人信息，或（iii）对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如OCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使上述个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求拒绝个性化广告、拒绝销售您的个人信息，以及拒绝对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您在行使上述权利时未能提供有效信息以便我们进行有效反馈等，我们可能会剥夺您的权利行驶。如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是中华人民共和国大陆地区的用户，除非法律、行政法规另有规定，您对个人信息的处理享有以下权利： （1）知情权、决定权、有权限制或拒绝对您的个人信息进行处理。
（2）除法律规定的特殊情况以外，您有权查阅、复制您的个人信息。
（3）您有权请求将您的个人信息转移至您指定的个人信息处理者。
（4）如您发现我们处理的关于您的个人信息不准确或者不完整的，您有权请求更正、补充。
（5）在下列情形下，您有权请求删除您的个人信息：
处理目的已实现，无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
Mintegral停止提供产品或服务，或者保存期限已届满；
您撤回同意；
Mintegral违反法律、行政法规或违反约定处理个人信息的；
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如删除您的个人信息从技术上难以实现的，Mintegral将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（6）就我们提供的算法推荐服务，您有权选择或者删除用于该等服务的针对您个人特征的用户标签。
（7）您有权要求我们对本隐私政策进行解释说明。
您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
联系我们并提出您的权利请求。
个性化广告的设置
如果您位于中华人民共和国境内，您可以通过点击
此处
管理您看到的Mintegral的广告并对个性化广告进行设置。
不论您位于哪个国家或地区，您都可以通过以下方式退出与您兴趣有关的广告。
关于退出的指引
您可以在支持相关功能的设备上按照下述指引选择拒绝接收由Mintegral发出的与您兴趣有关的广告或行为广告。
在iOS设备上，如您使用的是iOS 14.5或以上的版本，您可以在App的询问弹窗处点击“要求App不跟踪”或在【设置】-【隐私】处管理您的“跟踪”设置。如您要求APP不跟踪，则Mintegral不会访问您的广告标识符，也不会使用广告标识符去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
在安卓设备上，您的设备设置可能会允许您“停止接收与您兴趣相关的广告”。如果您在设备上开启该设置，Mintegral不会使用从您的设备上收集到的应用程序信息去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
您也可以点击您所下载的移动应用的【设置】处，找到隐私相关的设置，从而管理您的个性化广告设置。如您选择了不允许个性化广告，Mintegral不会使用从您的设备上收集到的信息去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
您的移动网页浏览器也可提供“请勿追踪”的浏览器设置。如果您的浏览器已经开启了这一设置，Mintegral不会使用从您的浏览器上收集到的移动网页浏览器信息去推测您的兴趣或者基于所推测的您的兴趣而向目标设备提供广告服务。
如果您对您的信息权利有任何疑问，请联系
privacy@mintegral.com
。
8．用户个人信息的安全
保护您的个人信息安全是我们的首要任务。为了防止您的个人信息未经授权而被获取、使用、披露或销毁，我们将采取严格的安全保护措施。我们会采取符合相关法律和行业标准的物理、技术以及行政管理措施。例如，我们会使用防火墙、加密技术以及其他为防止欺诈和身份窃取而设计的自动化软件；我们只将信息储存在能够提供较高保护程度的设备和场所。我们也会通过视频以及其他电子监控方式对周边以及建筑物入口所发生的数据访问实施严格监控。我们会建立专门的安全团队、安全管理制度、数据安全流程保障您的个人信息安全。我们采取严格的数据使用和访问制度，确保只有授权人员才可访问您的个人信息，并适时对数据和技术进行安全审计。我们会制定应急处理预案，并在发生用户信息安全事件时立即启动应急预案，努力阻止该等安全事件的影响和后果扩大。一旦发生用户信息安全事件（泄露、丢失等）后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知。
我会尽量减少敏感信息在我们服务器的存放以保护您的隐私。我们也会从合同上要求合作伙伴保护用户数据。
目前，Mintegral程序化互动式广告平台已经通过了国家信息安全等级保护（三级）的测评和备案，并通过了国际权威的ISO27001信息安全认证以及SOC 2 Type 1和Type 2的审计。Mintegral还通过欧洲著名隐私保护认证机构ePrivacy隐私保护认证，在欧盟范围内被授予ePrivacyseal证书，意味着该机构认证Mintegral程序化互动式广告平台符合GDPR法规、能有效保障用户隐私安全。Mintegral还通过了kidSAFE Seal Program的美国《儿童在线隐私保护法案》认证的审核，确保Mintegral提供的服务能够有效保障儿童的网络隐私安全。Mintegral获得权威隐私安全认证机构美国TrustArc公司就Mintegral对客户及终端用户的个人数据的处理符合CPPA要求的认证，进一步表明Mintegral提供的服务能为客户及终端设备用户提供全面的隐私保障。
Mintegral
参与
IAB
欧洲透明度与同意框架，并遵守其规范和政策
，
Mintegral
在该框架内的识别号码为
Vendor ID 867。
Mintegral可能会为提供服务、进行内部分析、遵守法律义务、解决争议以及执行合同（如结算）而保存从我们的商业合作伙伴收集到的与您相关的信息。我们只会在必要情况下保留您的个人信息，对于根据本隐私政策收集到的有关您的个人信息，我们保留的期限不超过2年。决定保留期限的标准包括：决定保存期限的标准包括：（i）为提供服务以及业务运营而需保留个人信息的时长；（ii）收集的个人信息的类型；以及（iii）我们是否会受到法律、合同或其他类似义务的约束而需保留数据（例如：强制性的数据保留法律、政府要求保留与调查相关的数据或为了诉讼或争议所必须保留的数据）。
9．未成年人保护
Mintegral服务主要面向成年人。如果用户是根据适用法律规定的未成年人，请务必在使用已集成Mintegral产品及服务的开发者应用或者与Mintegral合作广告投放的广告主的应用前，在父母或其他监护人监护、指导下共同仔细阅读开发者或广告主应用的隐私政策及本隐私政策，并在征得监护人同意的前提下使用该应用或提供个人信息。
我们根据适用的相关法律法规的规定保护未成年人的个人信息，除非法律另有规定，我们只会在收到法律允许、父母或其他监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下收集、使用、存储、共享、转让或公开披露未成年的个人信息。如果我们发现在未事先获得可证实的父母同意的情况下收集了未成年人的个人信息，将会采取措施尽快删除相关信息。
若您是未成年人的父母或其他监护人，当您对您所监护的未成年人的个人信息有相关疑问时，请通过本隐私政策公示的联系方式与我们联系。
如您是美国地区的用户，我们保证遵守《儿童在线隐私保护法》（COPPA）。如我们的商业合作伙伴（例如，应用开发者）与我们进行合作的应用针对的是13周岁以下的儿童用户或其确知其在与我们进行合作的过程中正在收、使用或披露了13周岁以下儿童用户的个人信息，则他们将代表我们根据COPPA的规定向该等儿童用户获得其父母或法定监护人的可验证的同意以使我们可以根据本隐私政策处理个人信息，以及在使用Mintegral服务的时候需在Mintegral平台上对该应用进行相关的COPPA设置，使得Mintegral可以保证对收集到的该应用用户的持久标识符的处理符合COPPA的规定，包括在不违反COPPA规定的情况下用于投放指向行为的广告或者用于追踪用户。另外，我们不会从那些我们已知悉是针对13周岁以下儿童的应用中收集其他个人信息（如准确的地理位置信息）。
如果你是美国加州的用户，我们确保遵守CCPA。我们不会出售或进行16岁以下消费者的数据或向其投放定向广告，除非获得了用户明确的同意（针对13岁以下的未成年人，我们会在获得父母或监护人的明确同意情况下进行）。如果用户拒绝了同意的请求，我们将在12个月内不再询问。
如果父母或者监护人发现子女未经同意向我们提供了其个人信息，父母或监护人应当及时联系我们。我们会采取合理的措施保证这类信息从我们的文档中删除。
10．推广营销
如您是我们的商业合作伙伴，我们或我们的关联公司可能定期通过邮件向您提供
品、服务的信息以及您可能感兴趣的内容。如果相关法律要求我们在向您发出营销信息之前须获得您的同意，则我们仅会在征得您同意后向您发出相关的营销信息。
如您不希望收到此类营销信息，您可以随时通过营销信息中提供的指引取消订阅或者通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
要求不再接收此类信息。
11．联系我们
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部；
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区以外，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求联系数据保护官。您也可以联系我们在欧洲经济区内的数据保护代表Eurocore B.V，地址为：Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam。
MINTEGRAL网站隐私政策
1．介绍
本Mintegral网站隐私政策适用于网站的信息收集和使用，包括您浏览和使用Mintegral网站时Mintegral收集和使用的信息。根据《通用数据保护条例》（GDPR)，Mintegral是您的个人信息的数据控制方。
2．我们收集的信息
当您访问Mintegral网站时，我们收集的信息包括：
（1）
您主动提供的个人信息（例如：姓名、出生日期、个人身份证
/
护照
/
社保卡
/
驾驶执照
/
其他
证照
号码
或
扫描件
、地址、电话号码、邮箱地址、职业、教育背景、工作经历
、
账户登录信息
、
借记卡或信用卡
或
其他
收款
账户
信息
以及其他相关信息）；
其中
，
个人身份证
/
护照
/
社保号码
/
驾驶执照
号码
可能
构成
CCPA
定义
下
的
敏感
个人
信息；
借记卡或信用卡
或其他收款账户信息
可能构成
CCPA
、
中国
个人
信息
保护法
定义下的敏感个人信息
。
（2）
部分您未主动提供的信息，例如浏览器类型、域名、
IP
地址、浏览过的网页以及使用不同技术和方法浏览网页的时长，包括
IP
地址、
Cookies
、互联网标签和浏览数据。
Mintegral有权采取措施验证您所提供的信息的准确性。
如果您提供的信息是他人的个人信息，您应当保证您已经获得他人的允许。
如果您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，我们可能会使用北京百度网讯科技有限公司所提供的的百度统计服务以帮助我们分析我们的网站使用情况并帮助提升我们网站的服务质量。有关百度统计服务收集的相关信息以及其数据处理活动的详情，可访问：
此处
。
如果您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区以外的其他地区，我们可能会使用谷歌分析（Google Analysis）以帮助我们分析我们的网站使用情况并帮助提升我们网站的服务质量。有关谷歌分析（Google Analysis）收集的相关信息以及其数据处理活动的详情，可访问：
此处
。
3．我们如何使用您的个人信息
基于您的同意或者基于我们的合法利益，您可能需要向我们提供您的个人信息用于下列目的（i）为您提供Mintegral的产品、服务或相关信息；（ii）为您注册报名相关活动或者培训；（iii）联系并回复您的请求和咨询；（iv）商业管理，包括数据分析；（v）使用网站时，为您提供个性化访问服务以及帮助；（vi）帮助我们了解我们的用户，完善我们的网站；或（v）定期通过邮件向您提供我们产品、服务的信息以及您可能感兴趣的内容。
如果您不希望收到此类营销宣传，您可以随时通过营销邮件中提供的指引取消订阅或者通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
要求不再接收此类宣传信息。
4．披露您的个人信息
在符合适用法律规定的情况下，我们会将您的个人信息共享给
Mintegral关联公司
或者Mintegral关联公司以外的第三方。
我们可能会聘用第三方技术服务提供商为我们提供服务，包括在程序以及技术层面对Mintegral网站的开展以及运营提供协助的
公司
、
提供技术服务协助分析网站使用情况的服务商
、邮件服务提供商，该等第三方技术服务提供商可能会获取您的个人信息
（
详情请参阅我们的
Cookies 政策
）
。
除本隐私政策明确表述之外，根据中华人民共和国个人信息保护法的规定，除非经过用户的授权同意，我们不会向其他第三方共享用户的个人信息。
我们也可能根据本隐私政策的条款与其他第三方分享汇总的或匿名的信息。
我们可能会为了本隐私政策规定的目的，或为了向用户推广我们关联公司的产品或服务，而向该等关联公司披露用户的个人信息。
Mintegral网站在运营中使用的网络服务器会根据IP地址自动识别（您的）电脑。但是，一旦您离开了Mintegral网站，我们将不能根据该IP地址识别（您的）电脑。如果我们认为您企图或者已经滥用或损害网站，我们将会通过调查并与相关执法部门合作，以维护我们的合法权益。
同时，我们将根据法律的要求或允许以配合法院传票、其他类似的法律程序或政府的要求而提供您的个人信息；或我们认为，按照法律规定，或为维护我们及/或其他第三方（包括顾问、执法部门、司法监督部门）的合法权益及安全，该等信息披露是必要的。我们也可能将您的个人信息传输给收购我们部分或全部资产、股份或以合并、收购、重组或其他方式继受取得我们部分或全部业务的第三方。
5．国际传输
如果您位于欧洲经济区内，从您收集到的个人信息，包括从Mintegral网站收集到的信息，会被传输到位于欧洲经济区以外的国家，包括Mintegral网站服务器所在的国家新加坡以及其他同样未被欧盟委员会认定为是对个人信息提供了适当程度保护措施的国家。您在此明确同意将您的个人信息按本隐私政策所述传输给位于欧洲经济区以外的接收方，包括传输给Mintegral、Mintegral的关联公司及本隐私政策规定的其他接收方。
为了将个人信息传输给Mintegral的关联公司，Mintegral已经签订《欧盟标准合同条款》（“标准合同”）。您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
请求获得一份标准合同的副本。
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，我们根据本政策收集的关于您的个人信息，将存储在中华人民共和国大陆地区。
我们不会将您的个人信息传输至境外
。
6．您的信息权利
您有权获取、修改、修订或删除我们可能已经收集的您的个人信息。如需行使相关权利，请联系
privacy@mintegral.com
。
如您位于欧洲经济区内，您将享有以下权利（受少数例外限制）：（i）要求查阅、修改或删除您的个人信息；（ii）限制或拒绝处理您的个人信息；以及（iii）要求向他人或第三方提供个人信息的电子版副本。同时，您有权就您的个人信息处理问题向欧洲经济区当地的数据保护部门发起投诉。
如果您是美国加利福尼亚州的居民，您可以询问我们在过去12个月内收集和使用您的个人资料的情况，具体包括：
我们已经收集到的个人信息的种类。
我们收集个人信息的来源的种类。
我们收集、销售和/或共享个人信息的商事或商业目的。
与我们披露个人信息的第三方的种类。
我们为商业目的出售、共享或披露的个人信息种类。
我们为商业目的向其出售、共享或披露的个人信息的第三方。
您的权利。您可以要求我们提供在过去12个月内收集的有关您的个人资料的副本。
您可以要求我们删除我们从您处收集到的个人信息。
您可以要求我们更正您的个人信息。
如CCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部，以行使您上述加州隐私权利；（ii）点击以下链接，要求禁止出
售
或共享
您的数据：
请勿出售或共享我的数据
；以及（iii）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求要求限制使用您的敏感个人信息。
当您提交请求时，我们将通过您提供的信息（如设备ID、公司电子邮件等），按照我们的内部指引核实您的请求。您可以指定一名授权代理，通过向授权代理提供书面许可，以及直接向我们核实您本人的身份，来提出访问或删除您个人信息的请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理提出的任何请求。我们将拒绝未提交授权证明的代理人的任何请求。有关CCPA指定的请求指标，请参阅
此处
。
如CCPA所定义的，为了明确起见，我们不会出售或共享您的个人信息。
您还可以在
上述
的
“我们收集的信息”
部分找到我们收集的个人信息的类别列表
以及我们获取个人信息的来源的详细信息
。
我们根据上述的
“我们如何使用您的个人信息”
部分中描述的业务或商业目的收集和使用个人信息。
(1) 如果您是（i）美国弗吉尼亚州的居民（自2023年1月1日起生效），或者（ii）是美国科罗拉多州的居民（自2023年7月1日起生效），或者（iii）是美国康涅狄格州的居民（自2023年7月1日起生效），或者（iv）是美国德克萨斯州的居民（自2024年7月1日起生效），您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利:
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问这些个人信息；
纠正您个人信息中的不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获得您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i)个性化广告，(ii)出售您的个人信息，或(iii)对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如VCDPA
、
CPA
、
CDPA
和
TDPSA
所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向privacy@mintegral.com发送书面请求，以行使您上述弗州个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求禁止个性化广告、禁止出售您的个人信息、禁止对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国犹他州的居民，自2023年12月31日起，您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利：
确认我们是否在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您向我们提供的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：(i) 个性化广告，或 (ii) 出售您的个人信息。
如UCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使您上述个人信息权利。如果您行使上述权利时未能提供有效的信息以供我们进行有效的反馈等，我们可能会拒绝您的权利行使，如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是美国俄勒冈州的居民（自2024年7月1日起生效），您可以向我们行使以下个人信息权利。
确认我们是否正在处理您的个人信息，并访问该个人信息；
获取我们向其披露个人信息的第三方名单；
更正您个人资料中的任何不准确之处；
删除您的个人信息；
获取您提供给我们的个人信息的副本；以及
要求拒绝我们为以下目的处理您的个人信息：（i）个性化广告，或（ii）出售您的个人信息，或（iii）对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。
如OCPA所规定的，您有权不受歧视地行使上述权利。
您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求，以行使上述个人信息权利；以及（ii）点击
此链接
，要求拒绝个性化广告、拒绝销售您的个人信息，以及拒绝对您产生重大法律或类似影响的用户画像。如果您在行使上述权利时未能提供有效信息以便我们进行有效反馈等，我们可能会剥夺您的权利行驶。如果您有不同意见的，可以进一步向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面申诉。
如果您是中华人民共和国大陆地区的公民，除非法律、行政法规另有规定，您对个人信息的处理享有以下权利：（1）知情权、决定权、有权限制或拒绝对您的个人信息进行处理。
（2）除法律规定的特殊情况以外，您有权查阅、复制您的个人信息。
（3）您有权请求将您的个人信息转移至您指定的个人信息处理者。
（4）如您发现我们处理的关于您的个人信息不准确或者不完整的，您有权请求更正、补充。
（5）在下列情形下，您有权请求删除您的个人信息：
处理目的已实现，无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
Mintegral停止提供产品或服务，或者保存期限已届满；
您撤回同意；
Mintegral违反法律、行政法规或违反约定处理个人信息的；
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
如删除您的个人信息从技术上难以实现的，Mintegral将停止除存储和采取必要的安全保护措施之外的处理。
（6）您有权要求我们对本隐私政策进行解释说明。
您可以通过发送邮件到
privacy@mintegral.com
联系我们并提出您的权利请求。
7．您的个人信息安全
保护您的个人信息安全是我们的首要任务。为了防止您的个人信息未经授权而被获取、使用、披露或销毁，我们将采取严格的安全保护措施。我们会采取符合相关法律和行业标准的物理、技术以及行政管理措施。例如，我们会使用防火墙、加密技术以及其他为防止欺诈和身份窃取而设计的自动化软件；我们只将信息储存在能够提供较高保护程度的设备和场所。我们也会通过视频以及其他电子监控方式对周边以及建筑物入口所发生的数据访问实施严格监控。
我会尽量减少敏感信息在我们服务器的存放以保护您的隐私。我们也会从合同上要求合作伙伴保护用户数据。
我们只会在必要情况下保留您的个人信息，对于在网站上无论以何种方式收集到的有关您的个人信息，我们只会保留一年。对于通过谷歌分析收集的个人信息适用的保留期限，请参照：
此处
。
8．未成年人保护
本网站不会故意收集未成年人的个人信息。您所提供的任何未成年人的个人信息须事先征得未成年人的父母或者监护人的同意。对未成年人的定义由适用本隐私政策的法律作出规定。
我们根据适用的相关法律法规的规定保护未成年人的个人信息，除非法律另有规定，我们只会在收到法律允许、父母或其他监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下收集、使用、存储、共享、转让或公开披露未成年的个人信息。如果我们发现在未事先获得可证实的父母同意的情况下收集了未成年人的个人信息，将会采取措施尽快删除相关信息。
若您是未成年人的父母或其他监护人，当您对您所监护的未成年人的个人信息有相关疑问时，请通过本隐私政策公示的联系方式与我们联系。
如您是美国地区的用户，我们保证遵守《儿童在线隐私保护法》（COPPA）。如我们的商业合作伙伴（例如，应用开发者）与我们进行合作的应用针对的是13周岁以下的儿童用户或其确知其在与我们进行合作的过程中正在收、使用或披露了13周岁以下儿童用户的个人信息，则他们将代表我们根据COPPA的规定向该等儿童用户获得其父母或法定监护人的可验证的同意以使我们可以根据本隐私政策处理个人信息，以及在使用Mintegral服务的时候需在Mintegral平台上对该应用进行相关的COPPA设置，使得Mintegral可以保证对收集到的该应用用户的持久标识符的处理符合COPPA的规定，包括在不违反COPPA规定的情况下用于投放指向行为的广告或者用于追踪用户。另外，我们不会从那些我们已知悉是针对13周岁以下儿童的应用中收集其他个人信息（如准确的地理位置信息）。
如果你是美国加州的用户，我们确保遵守CCPA。我们不会出售或进行16岁以下消费者的数据或向其投放定向广告，除非获得了用户明确的同意（针对13岁以下的未成年人，我们会在获得父母或监护人的明确同意情况下进行）。如果用户拒绝了同意的请求，我们将在12个月内不再询问。
如果父母或者监护人发现子女未经同意向我们提供了其个人信息，父母或监护人应当及时联系我们。我们会采取合理的措施保证这类信息从我们的文档中删除。
9．使用COOKIES和其他追踪技术
当您访问Mintegral网站时，Mintegral可能会使用cookies或者其他技术（统称“Cookies”）来收集您的个人信息。想了解更多信息，请阅读我们的
Cookie政策
。
10．外部网站和链接
本网站可能会含有跳转到第三方供应商和其他第三方（ “外部网站”）拥有或运营的网站的链接以及指示。Mintegral对外部网站的有效性以及外部网站的内容（包括任何外部网站的网络广播或其他任何形式传送接收的内容）均不承担责任。如果您对相关链接或外部网站上的内容有任何疑问，请联系该外部网站的管理人员。如第三方已告知Mintegral将链接Mintegral的主页至该第三方的网站且Mintegral并未拒绝的，则Mintegral允许该第三方链接到Mintegral的主页。Mintegral保留在任何时候单方撤销上述同意的权利，包括链接到其主页的链接。本网站提供的任何外部网站仅仅是为您提供方便。本网站包含的任何链接或指示并不意味着对该外部网站的认可。
11．版权
所有的网站内容、设计、文本、图表、图像、标识、按钮、图标、界面、音频及视频、以及以上内容的所有排列组合均为Mintegral或其相应内容提供商的专属财产，受香港特别行政区和国际著作权法保护。网站所使用的所有软件为Mintegral或其相应的软件供应商的财产，受香港特别行政区以及国际著作权法和其他相关法律和条约保护。网站用户不得发送/上传任何侵犯他人著作权或其他知识产权的内容至本网站。
12．商标
网站使用的所有商标、服务标识和商业名称（统称“标识”）均为Mintegral独有。该等标识不得用于任何非Mintegral的产品或服务，或任何导致消费者混淆、或以任何方式诋毁或败坏Mintegral名声的其他产品或服务上。
13．在线行为
如Mintegral认为任何个人限制或禁止他人使用本网站，Mintegral有权对该等行为予以禁止。您同意仅以合法目的使用本网站，并同意不实施上述禁止的行为。您同意不会上传或转发任何违法的、损害他人利益的、威胁性的、侮辱性的、滋扰性的、诽谤的、粗俗的、淫秽的、具有明显的性暗示的、亵渎的、仇恨的、种族歧视的、地域歧视的或其他任何类型的不良信息至本网站，包括但不限于任何煽动违法行为的信息，例如任何构成刑事犯罪、民事责任或其他违反适用的地方的、州的、国内的或国际的法律的行为。
14．终止使用
基于任何违反相关法律、本隐私政策或损害其他用户、第三方、零售商、赞助商、授权方、服务提供者或网站利益的行为，Mintegral可自行决定终止或暂停您对网站的全部或部分访问而无须另行通知或承担任何责任。
鉴于网络技术的飞速发展，我们会不定期更新本隐私政策。所有的修订会在网站
www.mintegral.com
公告。
15．联系我们
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求或者向以下地址寄送书面文件：中国广东省广州市天河区兴民路222号之三4312房法务部；
如您位于中华人民共和国大陆地区以外，您可以（i）通过向
privacy@mintegral.com
发送书面请求联系数据保护官。您也可以联系我们在欧洲经济区内的数据保护代表Eurocore B.V，地址为：Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterda
想和我们一起，实现全球增长？
联系我们，增长无忧
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
点击“同意”，即表示您同意我们使用 AroundDeal 和 Google Analytics 来向您发送营销信息，并记录和分析您的浏览行为。更多详情请查看“自定义设置”。
同意
自定义设置
Sub-policy 10
https://www.toponad.com/en/privacy-policy:
TopOn Privacy Policy
Updated on January 24, 2025
Introduction
TopOn entity (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, TopOn entity providing TopOn Service which is subject to applicable disclosure requirements would be
Topon Pte. Ltd.
, which is referred as “TopOn”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share personal data. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers TopOn’s handling of two types of personal data:
Personal data we receive when we provide our service,
including (i) device personal data about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) personal data about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device personal data generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and personal data collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) personal data provided by Business Partners when they use TopOn’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the TopOn Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by TopOn mentioned in this section are referred to as “TopOn Service”.
Personal data we receive through the following websites from website visitors
(hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of TopOn Website: (i) our website at: toponad.net or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between TopOn and you. By using the TopOn Service or TopOn Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the TopOn Service or the TopOn Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of TopOn’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), the California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”), the Connecticut Data Protection Act (“CDPA”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA") and the any applicable data protection law.
For the purpose of this Policy, a “processor” under the GDPR, VCDPA, CPA, CDPA and UCPA, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means the “controller” under the GDPR, VCDPA, CPA, CDPA and UCPA, and a “business” under the CCPA.
How and why we collect user personal data
This Privacy Policy describes TopOn’s personal data collection and personal data use behavior in the following scenarios:
Based on the nature of the user's use of TopOn services or services provided by any of TopOn's business partners, we may directly or through our business partners (such as: mobile application developers, programmatic advertising exchanges, advertising aggregation platforms, advertising demand parties Platform, traffic provider platform) collects personal data. For example:
(1) When we provide traffic monetization services and mobile advertising aggregation tools for mobile application developers, the mobile application developers will embed our SDK in their mobile applications, and we will obtain user personal data through the SDK;
(2) When we cooperate with a programmatic advertising exchange platform or a traffic supplier platform, and the programmatic advertising exchange platform or traffic supplier platform sends advertising needs to our demand-side platform, it may share user personal data with us;
(3) Our advertisers, advertising demand-side platforms, programmatic advertising exchange platforms or the third-party attribution platforms they use will share user personal data with us;
In the process of providing TopOn services, we do not establish direct contact with users. We will obtain users’ personal data on the collection and use of personal data through TopOn’s business partners (such as mobile application developers using TopOn’s SDK, programmatic advertising exchange platforms, advertising aggregation platforms, advertising demand-side platforms, traffic supply-side platforms, etc.) Authorized consent. In our cooperation agreement with TopOn's business partners, we have required them to promise and guarantee the legality of the data sources, and they will inform users of the specific circumstances of our processing of personal data in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, and obtain valid consent from users ( Where necessary, obtain separate consent required by applicable law) and ensure that users can revoke such consent at any time.
TopOn services may link to third-party websites, applications or other third-party content. Please note that we have no control over the processing of user personal data by third parties, and third parties may have privacy protection regulations that are different from those described in this privacy policy.
When we collect personal data such as name and email address of partners’ business representatives, our purpose is to conduct business communications with them, including necessary communications to perform the contract between us and the partner.
Personal data we may collect
When you browse advertisements using TopOn services or use services provided by TopOn's business partners, we and/or our business partners may collect your personal data. App developers may choose to share the personal data they collect with us through our SDK. To learn more about how the application developer collects, uses, and shares your personal data and whether you agree to the developer's use of your relevant personal data, please check the privacy policy of the relevant application developer. Please note that through our cooperation agreements with our partners, we will require them to obtain your full consent in advance regarding the personal data that may be collected and shared about you during the service process before using our services.
(1) The data we collect through our SDK may include the following types
：
Location information
[Required information] IP address
[Optional information] Accurate location information, rough location information (WiFi list, WLAN access points (such as SSID, BSSID), base stations)
Device/Advertising ID
[Required information]
Android: Android ID
Android+HarmonyOS: OAID
iOS only: IDFV
[Optional information]
Android+HarmonyOS: International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), MAC address, International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI)
IOS: IDFA
HarmonyOS: ODID
Note: If you restrict your device or application from obtaining your device/advertising ID in accordance with Article 7 of this policy, we will not collect the corresponding information;
Device information
[Required information] Device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information (version name, version number), device type, device language, device screen information (orientation, resolution), device network type, hardware serial number, device sensor information (accelerometer, gyroscope sensor, etc.), Limit Ad Tracking (LAT) status, phone boot time, phone user name summary, device storage capacity information, SIM card information (mcc & mnc)
[Optional information]
CPU type, device battery power information, device volume and font size, whether it is an emulator, whether it is USB connection, whether it is developer mode, system build type, system build label, system build user, radio firmware version, system boot program version number, hardware name, host address, system development code, system source control version number, device display version number, device substrate name
Application information
[Required information] Taku partner's application package name, application version number and features, SDK version
[Optional information]
Whether it is downloaded from the app store, list of installed applications;
Usage Data
[Required Information] When you interact with an advertisement promoted by us, we will collect information about your interaction with the advertisement, such as browsing and clicking on the advertisement.
Other information
[Required Information] Device event information (such as system crashes, system activity), timestamp, date and time of your request and source URL, user agent.
Access Request
Special note: If you use a developer application that integrates TopOn SDK, TopOn SDK will apply for the corresponding permissions through the developer application. The developer should inform you of the TopOn SDK, subject name, type and purpose of processing personal information, privacy policy, etc., and obtain your consent before using the TopOn SDK to carry out relevant business functions. Since there may be some differences in the information fields collected by different SDK versions and whether they are optional, the specific collection situation is subject to the SDK version connected to the developer application you are actually using. Developers must ensure that users agree to the Privacy Policy before initializing the TopOn SDK. TopOn SDK users will only collect information and apply for permissions after agreeing to the "Privacy Policy".
Items
Function
Purpose
Timing
READ_PHONE_STATE (device IMSI/IMEI number)
[Optional] Read information such as mobile phone device identification
Perform advertising and advertising monitoring attribution, anti-cheating
Developers call this permission when calling SDK functions that require this permission. For example, when developers need to adjust advertising monetization strategies and data analysis services based on device information, they apply for it.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
[Optional] Allow applications to write to external storage
Application download advertising delivery and creative storage
Developers call this permission when calling SDK functions that require this permission. For example, when developers place ads on other advertising platforms, other advertising platforms apply for this permission when placing ads.
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
[Optional] Allow the application to read external storage
Application download advertising delivery and creative storage
Developers call this permission when calling SDK functions that require this permission. For example, when developers place ads on other advertising platforms, other advertising platforms apply for this permission when placing ads.
INTERNET
[Optional] Mobile network
For online advertising service requests
Developers apply for this permission when they call SDK functions that require it. For example, developers apply for this permission when they need to adjust advertising monetization strategies and data analysis services based on mobile network conditions.
For IOS system
Item
Function
Purpose
Timing
NSUserTrackingUsageDescription
[Optional] Obtain the device ID to identify device information
Advertising and anti-fraud
Developers call this permission when they call SDK functions that require this permission. Developers apply for this permission when they need to adjust advertising monetization strategies and data analysis services based on device information.
(2) When you browse and click on the advertisements we promote, and then download and use the products (such as applications) promoted by the advertisements, we will collect the information from the advertisers, demand side platform, programmatic advertising exchange platforms or other The following information is collected from the third-party attribution platform used:
Location information
[Required information] IP address
[Optional information] Country, city;
Device/Advertising ID
[Required Information] IMEI, OAID, IDFV, mobile advertising identifier (such as Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID and Amazon ID), MAC address;
Device information
[Required information] Device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
Application information
[Optional information] TopOn partner’s application package name and application version;
Usage data
[Required information] The timestamp of the installation event or other events;
Other information
[Optional information] User agent;
（3）When TopOn serves as an advertising demand-side platform ("DSP"), programmatic advertising trading platforms and traffic supply-side platforms may transmit personal information to us through API and other technologies, which may include:
Location information
[Required information] IP address
[Optional information] Country, time zone and regional settings (country and preferred language);
Device/Advertising ID
[Required Information] International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Android ID, OAID, IDFV, mobile advertising identifier (such as Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID and Amazon ID), MAC address;
Device information
[Required information] Device screen information, device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device type, device network information, limited advertising tracking (LAT) status;
Application information
[Required information] TopOn partner’s application package name, application version and features;
Usage Data
[Required Information] When you interact with the advertisements we promote, we will collect information about your interaction with the advertisements we promote, such as information about browsing and clicking on the advertisements;
Other information
[Optional information] Information transmitted by other advertising information exchange platforms or media platforms, user agents.
(4) As we provide TopOn Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access TopOn websites, IP address of the individuals using TopOn services on behalf of such Business Partners.
We will cooperate with programmatic advertising exchange platforms, advertising demand-side platforms, traffic supply-side platforms and other partners with good reputations. After the advertising data exchange platform or the media platform receives an advertising request with your personal data, and where permitted by law, the personal data will be transferred to TopOn to build your portrait, personalize your advertising experience, and Advertising is then served to you on the Internet.
Legal exemption from consent to process personal data
In accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, we have contractually agreed that our business partners (such as mobile application developers and advertisers who use TopOn's SDK, etc.) will obtain data from users or their employees on our behalf regarding the processing described in this privacy policy. of consent. Users or their employees may revoke consent at any time. At the same time, please understand that in the following situations, in accordance with laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to process your personal data:
(1) Necessary to enter into or perform a contract at your request;
(2) Necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, national defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution, etc.;
(3) In order to respond to public health emergencies, or necessary to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) Implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and process personal data within a reasonable scope;
(5) Process the personal data you disclose on your own within a reasonable scope, or other personal data that has been legally disclosed (such as personal data legally disclosed through legal news reports, government data disclosure and other channels);
(6) Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
Special note: According to legal provisions, if the data cannot identify a specific individual alone or in combination with other data, it does not belong to personal data. When your data can identify you alone or in combination with other data, or when we combine data that is not associated with any specific individual with your personal data, we will treat it as your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy Process and protect.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, where necessary, we will use your personal data based on "legitimate interests" specified in the GDPR. Our legitimate interests include the following: monitoring and preventing fraud, eliminating technical obstacles to system operation, and ensuring the correct and safe operation of systems and processes.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
Sensitive personal data refers to personal data that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal data may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal data without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal data after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal data and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
How we use users’ personal data
We use your personal data in the following manner:
Type of personal data
Usage
Including all types of personal data described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions: Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal data to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our TopOn Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Including all types of personal data described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal data of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use TopOn Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive personal data
We will not collect your sensitive personal data without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal data after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal data and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
How we share and disclose users’ personal data
Subject to applicable legal requirements, we may share personal data with third parties based on the following purposes and scenarios:
(1) Share
When we purchase advertising traffic from mobile application developers to provide them with monetization services, or when we act as a programmatic advertising trading platform or traffic supplier platform, we may, in order to fulfill our contractual obligations to business partners, include providing services to the business partners. Partners report on the performance and effectiveness of the ads that users interact with, including statistics on traffic quality, and share users' personal data with our business partners for anti-fraud purposes. The personal data we share is personal data related to advertising performance and effectiveness, such as device information, clicks, impressions, installations or activations. These business partners may use these users’ personal data to count users’ interactions with advertisements/websites. , evaluate the performance and effectiveness of advertisements that users watch or interact with, identify areas of interest to users, and better understand the traffic usage or user behavior of websites and applications to improve their services. The use of information disclosed by us by our business partners is governed by their privacy policies.
We may also use third-party technical service providers (such as cloud service providers) to process personal data in order to ensure the correct and appropriate operation of systems and processes and to store data.
In accordance with the provisions of applicable personal data protection laws, we will not share users' personal data with third parties other than TopOn affiliated companies unless authorized by the user, except when the specific individual cannot be identified after processing and cannot be restored. Users can inquire about the names, contact information and other information of our business partners and third-party technical service providers at privacy@toponad.net.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Type of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
Advertisers, advertising agencies, advertising attribution service providers, advertising demand-side platforms, TopOn affiliates
①Location Information: IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②Device ID/ Avertising ID: IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③ Device Information: device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④Application Information: package name of the app of TopOn’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with TopOn’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps;
⑤Interactive Information: when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥Others: user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal data, TopOn acts as a Processor under the GDPR on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal data;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③ for performing precise targeting.
In particular, if a mobile application developer only chooses to use our mediation tool service but does not choose our programmatic advertising exchange service or does not sell its in-app advertising space to us, other advertising SDKs integrated in our SDK need to Obtain the consent of the mobile application developer and have the third-party advertising SDK collect relevant information. The list, name and personal information processing rules of the third-party advertising SDK are as follows:
Advertising platform abbreviation
Name of processing subject
subject Types and fields of personal information
Purpose and scenarios of use
Privacy policy link
Meta
Meta Platforms Inc. Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
The type of information we (here we refer to as Meta) collect and process depends on how you use our products. For example, the information we collect is different for a user who sells furniture on Marketplace and a user who posts a Reels short video on Instagram. Even if you don't have an account, we will collect some information about you whenever you use our products. The information we collect is as follows:
Your updates and the information you provide
Friends, fans and other contacts
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, suppliers and other third parties
Subject to the policy in Meta Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Pangle
Bytedance Pte. Ltd.,
The types of personal data processed by us (here we refer to Pangle) depend on the circumstances of collection and the nature of the services requested or transactions entered into for our partners.
2 When you interact with partner sites, we process certain information about you and your device. This information may be automatically collected from your device using our software code (called a "Software Development Kit" or "SDK") or shared with us by other advertising exchanges (such as Google DoubleClick). We also use cookies (text files inserted into your browser when you visit our partners or clients’ mobile apps and websites) and other tracking technologies that are available on your device.
.3 The information we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
A. Information automatically obtained from your device
I. Identifiers: We may process device-specific identifiers, such as your IP address, a mobile advertising identifier (such as the "Google Advertising ID" on Android phones or the "Advertiser ID" on iOS devices) or our Pangle specific identifier. The SDK is assigned to your device. The Mobile Advertising Identifier is an identifier provided by your device's operating system that allows companies like Pangle to identify your device across applications for advertising purposes. In addition to the mobile advertising identifier and other similar technologies, Pangle may obtain your device model, operating system (such as iOS or Android), your device's language setting, general geographic area, time zone, network type (such as 5G or WiFi) , your ROM version, screen resolution (to learn which ads work best for your device), mobile country code and mobile network code, and when your device was last updated and launched.
2. Geolocation data: We may infer your approximate geographical location based on the IP address of your device. With your consent or permission under applicable data protection laws, we may also use GPS data from your phone to process your precise latitude and longitude.
3. Internet activity: We may process information about your application and website usage, including the name and version of the application or website that integrates Pangle. We may also process information about your interaction with any advertising we serve (for example, information about the ad served, viewed or clicked on, such as the type of ad, where and when the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and whether you visited the advertiser's website or download of the advertiser's application, as well as any preferences you may express regarding that advertising).
b. Information obtained from other sources
I. From time to time we may receive information about you from other sources. For example, we may receive information about you from third parties (such as advertising exchanges that share data with us to serve ads) if the law permits the third party to disclose this information to us.
2. The information we receive from these sources may include identifiers (such as your IP address or mobile advertising identifiers), information about your Internet activities (such as information about your interactions with third-party websites, applications and advertisements) ) and inferences related to your preferences and information. Characteristics (such as your approximate age and gender).
Subject to the policy in Pangle Privacy Policy
https://www.pangleglobal.com/zh/privacy/enduser-en
Admob & Ad manager
Google LLC and its affiliates
We (herein we refer to Google) collect information about the apps, browsers and devices you use to access Google services to provide useful features such as automatic product updates, dimming the screen when the battery is low, and more.
The information we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information (including carrier name and phone number), and application version numbers. We also collect information about how your apps, browsers, and devices interact with Google services, including IP addresses, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer of the corresponding request.
We collect this information when Google services on your device communicate with our servers (for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when the service checks for automatic updates). If you are using an Android device with Google apps installed, your device periodically communicates with Google servers to provide information about your device and its connection to Google services. This information includes your device type and carrier name, crash reports, your installed apps, and other information about how you use your Android device (depending on your device settings).
Subject to the policy in Admob Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Appnext
Appnext PTE. Ltd,
Device and app information – this category includes your device’s type and model, system language, the device’s operating system (such as Android or iOS), SDK version, mobile carrier name, mobile browsers installed on the device (such as Chrome or Safari), app history and usage information (such as information about running and installed apps on the device), information regarding downloads and installations of mobile applications and any information regarding in-app events (such as in-app purchases), your device’s IP address, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID, or other types of unique device identifiers (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer).
Ad information – this category includes information about the online ads and personalized content we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, whether you viewed, clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad, ad engagement history and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website, downloaded an app or purchased the product or service advertised.
Location information – Appnext collects information about your general location (such as city and country). For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location. This information does not tell us where your device is precisely located. This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic. In addition, we also collect implicit location information, which allows us to infer that you are either interested in a place or that you might be at the place – this information does not actually tell us where your device is precisely located.
In addition, Appnext may collect the precise location of your device (using GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points, Bluetooth signals, Beacons signals and cell tower ids that can be used to derive or estimate precise location, or other geo-location data), when location services have been enabled by the end user for the mobile app or website that uses our SDK (you typically have to choose to turn on device-based location services).
Log information – this category includes the app or website visited, session start/stop time, time zone, and network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular), and cookie information.
Information from advertising partners (“Advertisers”) and other third parties – this category includes information we receive from our Publishers, Advertisers and other Partners that we work with to help us deliver ads and personalized content to you and recognize you across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some Advertisers or other third party ad platforms choose to share with us. This information is also used to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
Subject to the policy in Google’s Privacy Policy
https://www.appnext.com/privacy-policy-oem-operators/
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal data to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal data to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① We inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal data and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal data, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal data. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(3)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal data of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal data to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal data collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal data. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal data to recipients including TopOn’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
TopOn has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal data to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@toponad.net
Your data rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA. You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@toponad.net
; (ii) opt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@toponad.net
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the “
Information We May Collect From Users
” section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the “
How We Collect Users’ Information
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Users’ Personal Information
” section above.
If you are a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, or if you are a resident of the State of Colorado or Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA, CPA, and CDPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.net and (ii) click on this link to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse  user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@toponad.net
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.net. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to privacy@toponad.net.
Setting about Personalized Ads
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from TopOn on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, TopOn will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, TopOn will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, TopOn will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, TopOn will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
Security of users’ personal data
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal data. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal data, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
TopOn may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal data collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal data for no less than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
Protection for minors
TopOn services are mainly for adults. We do not actively or deliberately collect personal information from minors, nor do we conduct user profiling or personalized recommendations for minors. In the personal information collection scenarios we disclose, we distinguish specific information subjects through device information rather than age. In scenarios where partners transfer and share data with us, we clearly require our partners to formulate special minors' information protection policies in accordance with the law and adopt stricter data desensitization and encryption technology based on the actual conditions of their own products and services. minor.
If the end user is a minor in accordance with applicable laws, please be sure to work carefully under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians before using the developer's application that has integrated TopOn's products and services or the application of the advertiser that cooperates with TopOn for advertising. Read the privacy policy of the developer or advertiser application and this privacy policy, and use the application or provide personal information with the consent of your guardian.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with applicable relevant laws and regulations, and will only collect, use, store, share, transfer or otherwise as permitted by law, with explicit consent from parents or other guardians, or as necessary to protect minors. Public Disclosure of Personal Information of Minors. If we discover that we have collected personal information from a minor without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as quickly as possible.
If you are a parent or other guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your custody, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this privacy policy.
If parents or guardians discover that their children have provided us with their personal information without consent, parents or guardians should contact us promptly. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is removed from our files.
Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to privacy@toponad.net
Contact us
You can contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@toponad.net.
Privacy Policy of Topon Website
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy of TopOn Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the TopOn Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), TopOn is the data controller of your personal data.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As you navigate through this TopOn Site, we may collect information include:
(1) Personal data you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information). Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal data under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal data under the definition of CCPA.
(2) some information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
TopOn is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal data you provide.
If you give us personal data of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal data that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit: Here
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal data for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with TopOn’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the TopOn Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the TopOn Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to privacy@toponad.net
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal data to TopOn’s Affiliates and other third parties.
We may use Third-party Technology Service Providers to provide us with services who may have access to your personal data, including companies that assist with programming and technical aspects of hosting and operating the TopOn Site, technical service provider (e.g. Google Analysis) that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal data to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the TopOn Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the TopOn Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal data as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal data to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
Similarly, we may share your personal data as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal data to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal data collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal data. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal data to recipients including TopOn’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
TopOn has entered into EU standard contractual clauses ( “Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal data to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@toponad.net
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy privacy@toponad.net
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA. You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@toponad.net
; (ii) opt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@toponad.net
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the “
Information We May Collect From Users
” section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the “
How We Collect Users’ Information
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Users’ Personal Information
” section above.
If you are a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, or if you are a resident of the State of Colorado or Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA, CPA, and CDPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.net and (ii) click on this link to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse  user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@toponad.net
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to privacy@toponad.net. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to privacy@toponad.net.
You have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where TopOn ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by TopOn is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, TopOn shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@toponad.net
and request your data rights.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal data collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal data for one (1) year. For personal data collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply: Here
PROTECTION OF MINORS
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal data from minors. The personal data of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of TopOn Website.
We process minor’s personal data according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal data where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal data of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal data of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for TopOn to collect, use or disclose such personal data according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the TopOn Services. This allows TopOn to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal data (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
TopOn may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our Cookies Policy for more details.
OUTSIDE SITES AND LINKING
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “ Outside Sites “). TopOn is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. TopOn permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that TopOn is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. TopOn a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
COPYRIGHT
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of TopOn, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Singapore and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of TopOn or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
TRADEMARKS
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by TopOn. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of TopOn or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits TopOn.
ONLINE CONDUCT
Any conduct by a person that in TopOn ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
TERMINATION OF USAGE
TopOn may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that TopOn, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website www.topon.com
CONTACT US
You can contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@toponad.net.
Sub-policy 11
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy/partner-en:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all