Instant & Secure
Money Transfer
Make International money transfer at fair exchange rates
Trustpilot
Why Choose Tetrad?
Safe
Highly Secure & Regulated by FCA
Instant Transfer
Transfer is done instantly*
Fair Rates
We offer one of the best exchange rates in the market
Trustpilot
How Tetrad Works
How it works
Send money to Africa instantly
Contact Customer Support
Refer and Earn on the Tetrad App
Tetrad (formerly wslremit)
Available on AppStore
and Google PlayStore
Trusted by over 100,000 customers
Join us today!
Our dedicated Customer fulfilment team are always ready to provide timely resolution to all queries
Contact Us
Tel:
+44 330 390 5033
Working Hours:
9am - 5pm
cs.support@tetradlimited.com
www.tetradpay.com
Cariocca Business Park,
2 Sawley Road, Manchester,
United kingdom M40 8BB
Tetrad Incorporation Limited is a distributor of Modulr FS Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 09897919, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference Number: 900573) for the issuance of electronic money and payment services. Your account and related payment services are provided by Modulr FS Limited. Whilst Electronic Money products are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) your funds will be held in one or more segregated accounts and safeguarded (please see
this link
) in line with the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 - for more information please see
this link
Tetrad Incorporation Limited is a partner of Modulr Finance B.V., a company registered in Netherlands with company number 81852401, which is authorised and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference Number: R182870) for the issuance of electronic money and payment services. Your account and related payment services are provided by Modulr Finance B.V. Your funds will be held in one or more segregated accounts and safeguarded (please see
this link
) in line with the Financial Supervision Act - for more information please see
this link
As a company, we conduct our operation with the highest levels of integrity and compliance. For this reason, we adhere to the government strict Know Your Customer (KYC) policy, Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing (AML/CTF) while providing secure and fast money transfer service to our customers. At Tetrad, we are guided and driven by the need at all times to be ethical, uphold high service standards and add value to our esteemed customers by widening their scope as it relates to money service business.
*During network downtime incidents with some destination banks, there might be delay in transaction times which we don’t have control over but we will definitely let you know of progress as those incidents are resolved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://tetradpay.com/privacyPolicy:
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This policy describes how we collect, store, transfer and use personal data. It tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
In the context of the law and this notice, ‘personal data’ is information that clearly identifies you as an individual or which could be used to identify you if combined with other information. Acting in any way on personal data is referred to as ‘processing’.
This policy applies to: Visitors to our Website, Customers and users of our services, Prospective customers, People who contact us with enquiries and anyone whose personal data we process in connection with the provision, or possible provision, of services by us to our customers, including as a result of communications and interactions with us, through the use of our services directly or indirectly (including processing payments) and as necessary in order to enable us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
This notice also applies to personal data collected through our website and through social media platforms:
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
and online retail platforms.
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website or otherwise.
Your privacy is important to Tetrad Ltd (
"Tetrad", "we", "us" and "our"
). We are committed to protecting your personal data and being transparent about the personal data we hold and use and, wherever possible, giving you control over how we use your personal data.
Tetrad Limited is a company incorporated in England with company number 12613378, and our registered office is at Unit 1J, First Floor Cambridge Studios, 75 Millmarsh Lane, Enfield EN3 7PU, London, England.
The information we process about you includes information:
you have directly provided to us
that we gather from third party databases and service providers
as a result of monitoring how you use our website or our services
When you use our website and our services, for example (when you create an account on our website or app) we ask you to provide personal data. This can be categorized into the following groups:
personal identifiers, such as your first and last names, your title, marital status, gender and your date of birth
contact information, such as your email address, your telephone number and your postal addresses for billing, delivery and communication
account information, including your username and password
payment information, such as a debit or credit card number and expiry date and bank account details
records of communication between us including messages sent through our website, email messages and telephone conversations
marketing preferences that tell us what types of marketing you would like to receive
technical data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
profile data includes your username and password, feedback and survey responses.
usage data includes information about how you use our website, the Tetrad Platform and services.
In addition, we may also process:
documentation that confirms your identity, such as an image of your passport or driver’s license.
documentation that confirms your address , such as a tenancy agreement or rental contract
documentation that confirms your employment, such as recent payslips.
Types of personal data we collect from third parties
We confirm some of the information you provide to us directly using data from other sources. We also add to the information we hold about you, sometimes to remove the need for you to provide it to us and sometimes in order to be able to assess the quality of the services we offer.
The additional information we collect can be categorised as follows:
information that confirms your identity
information that confirms your contact information
reviews and feedback about our business
Types of personal data we collect from your use of our services
By using our website and our services, we process:
your username and password and other information used to access our website and our services
information you contribute to our community, including reviews
your replies to polls and surveys
technical information about the hardware and the software you use to access our website and use our services, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version and your device’s operating system
usage information, including the frequency you use our services, the pages of our website that you visit, whether you receive messages from us and whether you reply to those messages
transaction information that includes the details of the products services you have bought from us and payments made to us for those services
your preferences to receive marketing from us; how you wish to communicate with us; and responses and actions in relation to your use of our services.
How we obtain your personal information
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions - You may give us your personal information about yourself by filling in forms on our website or app or otherwise or by corresponding with us by phone, email, or completing forms for or at events, setting up an account with us, or other means. This includes where you provide your personal data to us in order to receive information or Services from us, create an account with us using our app, give us feedback or contact us. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Third parties database or service providers or publicly available sources. We may also receive personal information about you from various third parties such as marketing agencies, market research companies, public websites and public agencies.
Our use of aggregated information
We may aggregate anonymous information such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Anonymous information is that which does not identify you as an individual. Aggregated information may be derived from your personal data but is not considered as such in law because it does not reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate usage information to assess whether a feature of our website is useful. However, if we combine or connect aggregated information with your personal data so that it can identify you in any way, we treat the combined information as personal data, and it will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
Special personal data
Special personal data is data about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We may collect special personal data about you if there is a lawful basis on which to do so.
The bases on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we process different categories of your personal data, and to notify you of the basis for each category. If a basis on which we process your personal data is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data. If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal data. We may use it in order to:
verify your identity for security purposes when you use our services
sell products to you
provide you with our services
provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract. We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.
Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our business, including ( job opportunities and ) our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal data. Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, we ask you to agree to our use of nonessential cookies when you access our website. If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful. We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists. You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us at https://tetrad.com/. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use our website or our services further. We aim to obtain and keep your consent to process your information. However, while we take your consent into account in decisions about whether or not to process your personal data, the withdrawal of your consent does not necessarily prevent us from continuing to process it. The law may allow us to continue to process your personal data, provided that there is another basis on which we may do so. For example, we may have a legal obligation to do so.
Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interests
We may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest, either to you or to us, of doing so. Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to:
whether the same objective could be achieved through other means
whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm
whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do so
For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:
improving our services
record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration of our company Tetrad Limited in preventing fraudulent use of our services.
exercising our legal rights, including to detect and prevent fraud and to protect our intellectual property
insuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to manage Tetrad Ltd financial risk.
protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so.
Information we process because we have a legal obligation
Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation. For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order. This may include your personal data.
How and when we process your personal data
We do not share or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
Information you provide
Our website allows you to post information with a view to that information being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people. For example, when you leave a review or post a message on our website, we reasonably assume that you consent for the message to be seen by others. We may include your username with your message, and your message may contain information that is personal data. Other examples include:
Clicking on an image next to another user message to convey your agreement, disagreement or thanks.
Tagging an image
In posting personal data, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use it. Tetrad Ltd do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be displayed or shared. We do store it, and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any way we decide. Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no responsibility for their actions at any time. Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete personal data that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at
https://tetrad.com/
Payment information
We store information about your debit or credit card or other means of payment when you first provide it to us. We store this information (at your request) in order to make repeat purchasing of goods and services easier next time you visit our website. We also store it to help us prevent fraud. We take the following measures to protect your payment information:
We keep your payment information encrypted on our servers
We do not keep all your payment information so as:
to prevent the possibility of our duplicating a transaction without a new instruction from you.
to prevent any other third party from carrying out a transaction without your consent.
Access to your to your payment information is restricted to authorised staff only. If we ask you questions about your payment information, we only show the last four digits of the debit or credit card number, so that we can identify the means of payment to which we refer.
Job application and employment
If you send us information in connection with a job application, we may keep it for up to 3 years in case we decide to contact you at a later date. If we employ you, we collect information about you and your work from time to time throughout the period of your employment. This information will be used only for purposes directly relevant to your employment. After your employment has ended, we will keep your file for 6 years before destroying or deleting it.
Information obtained from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal data to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal data from third parties whose services we use. No such information is personally identifiable to you.
Third party advertising on our website
Third parties may advertise on our website. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects information about you when their advertisement is displayed on our website. They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts. We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
Credit reference
To assist in combating fraud, we share information with credit reference agencies, so far as it relates to clients or customers who instruct their credit card issuer to cancel payment to us without having first provided an acceptable reason to us and given us the opportunity to refund their money.
Service providers and business partners
We may share your personal data with businesses that provide services to us, or with business partners. As examples:
we may pass your payment information to our payment service provider to take payments from you
we may use fraud prevention agencies and credit reference agencies to verify your identity and we may pass your information to those agencies if we strongly suspect fraud on our website
we may pass your contact information to advertising agencies to use to promote our services to you
Referral partners
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or as a referral partner. It allows us to recognise visitors that you have referred to us, and to credit to you commission due for such referrals. It also includes information that allows us to transfer commission to you. The information is not used for any other purpose. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship. We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this policy.
Use of information we collect through automated systems
1. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit a website that uses them. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use at a later date. They are commonly used to provide you with a personalised experience while you browse a website, for example, allowing your preferences to be remembered. They can also provide core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility; record how you interact with the website so that the owner can understand how to improve the experience of other visitors; and serve you advertisements that are relevant to your browsing history. Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one visit (known as a session), one day or until you close your browser. Your web browser should allow you to delete any cookie you choose. It should also allow you to prevent or limit their use. Your web browser may support a plug-in or add-on that helps you manage which cookies you wish to allow to operate. The law requires you to give explicit consent for use of any cookies that are not strictly necessary for the operation of a website. When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose. If you choose not use cookies or prevent their use through your browser settings, you may not be able to use all the functionality of our website. We use cookies in the following ways:
to track how you use our website
to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our website
to keep you signed in to our website
to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete them
to record the conversation thread during a live chat with our support team
We provide more information about the cookies we use in our cookie policy.
2. Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution. We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you. If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website.
3. Re-marketing
Re-marketing involves placing a ‘tracking technology’ such as a cookie, a ‘web beacon’ (also known as an ‘action tag’ or a ‘single-pixel GIF’) to track which pages you visit and to serve you relevant adverts for our services when you visit some other website. The benefit of remarketing technology is that we can provide you with more useful and relevant adverts, and not show you ones repeatedly that you may have already seen. We may use a third-party advertising service to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time. If you have consented to our use of such tracking technologies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites. We do not provide your personal data to advertisers or to third-party re-marketing service providers. However, if you are already a member of a website whose affiliated business provides such services, that affiliated business may learn of your preferences in relation to your use of our website.
Other matters
Your rights
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regard to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at
http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org
Delivery of services using third party communication software
With your consent, we may communicate using software provided by a third party such as Facebook, WhatsApp, Apple, Google. Such methods of communication should secure your personal data using encryption and other technologies. The providers of such software should be in compliance of all applicable privacy laws, rules and regulations, including the GDPR. If you have any concerns using a particular software for communication please let us know.
Data may be processed outside the UK
Our websites are hosted in the United Kingdom We may also use outsourced services in countries outside the UK from time to time in other aspects of our business. Accordingly data obtained within the UK or any other country could be processed outside the UK. We use the following safeguards with respect to data transferred outside the UK:
The data protection clauses in our contracts with data processors include transfer clauses written by or approved by a supervisory authority.
We comply with a code of conduct approved by FCA
We are certified under an approved certification mechanism as provided by the FCA
Control over your own information
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please inform us if your personal data changes. At any time, you may contact us to request that we provide you with the personal data we hold about you You may at any time review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website (https://tetrad.com) To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you should contact us to make that request. When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal data we first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information. Please be aware that we are not obliged by law to provide you with all personal data we hold about you, and that if we do provide you with information, the law allows us to charge for such provision if doing so incurs costs for us. After receiving your request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you. If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you should contact us to make your request. This may limit the service we can provide to you. We remind you that we are not obliged by law to delete your personal data or to stop processing it simply because you do not consent to us doing so. While having your consent is an important consideration as to whether to process it, if there is another legitimate basis on which we may process it, we may do so on that basis.
Communicating with us
When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by email, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need. We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business. Tetrad Ltd may keep identifiable information associated with your message such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide an excellent quality service.
Complaining
If you are not happy with our privacy policy, or if you have any complaint, then you should tell us. When we receive a complaint, we record the information you have given to us on the basis of consent. We use that information to resolve your complaint. We aim to investigate all complaints relating to user service experience. However, we may not be able to do so as soon as a complaint is made. We aim to answer all complaints within 24hr period. If we think your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we shall not correspond with you about it. If your complaint reasonably requires us to notify some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is. Tetrad Ltd may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person. If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
Retention period
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal data only for as long as required by us:
to comply with regulatory requirement retention period
to provide you with the services you have requested
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities
to support a claim or defence in court
Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy complies with the law in the United Kingdom, specifically with the Data Protection Act 2018 (the ‘Act’) accordingly incorporating the EU General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (‘PECR’).
Questions
If you have any questions about this notice or the way that we handle your personal data, Please contact us via:
Email:
info@tetradremit.com.com
Post mail: Unit 1J, First Floor Cambridge Studios, 75 Millmarsh Lane, Enfield, London EN3 7PU.
We’ll deal with your queries promptly and will respond to you within a reasonable time.
Review of this privacy policy
We shall update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Tetrad Incorporation Limited is a distributor of Modulr FS Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 09897919, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference Number: 900573) for the issuance of electronic money and payment services. Your account and related payment services are provided by Modulr FS Limited. Whilst Electronic Money products are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) your funds will be held in one or more segregated accounts and safeguarded (please see
this link
) in line with the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 - for more information please see
this link
Tetrad Incorporation Limited is a partner of Modulr Finance B.V., a company registered in Netherlands with company number 81852401, which is authorised and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference Number: R182870) for the issuance of electronic money and payment services. Your account and related payment services are provided by Modulr Finance B.V. Your funds will be held in one or more segregated accounts and safeguarded (please see
this link
) in line with the Financial Supervision Act - for more information please see
this link
As a company, we conduct our operation with the highest levels of integrity and compliance. For this reason, we adhere to the government strict Know Your Customer (KYC) policy, Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing (AML/CTF) while providing secure and fast money transfer service to our customers. At Tetrad, we are guided and driven by the need at all times to be ethical, uphold high service standards and add value to our esteemed customers by widening their scope as it relates to money service business.
*During network downtime incidents with some destination banks, there might be delay in transaction times which we don’t have control over but we will definitely let you know of progress as those incidents are resolved.