Playorcas Privacy Policy
Effective date: Dec 23,2021
At Playorcas, we take your privacy seriously.
                    Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal
                    information.
By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you
                    acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you
                    hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information as
                    described in this Privacy Policy.
Remember that your
use of playorcas's Services (Playorcas Games) is at all times subject to
                    our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in
                    this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the
                    Terms of Use.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather
                    when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that
                    identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information
                    referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information”
                    under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations. This Privacy Policy
                    does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we
                    don’t manage.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months. For each category of Personal Data, the chart also sets out:
1. Category of Personal Data
2. Personal Data Collected
3. What is the source of this Personal Data?
A.
Personal identifiers
device identifiers,emails,
Advertising ID from Google or Apple
Internet Protocol address, Facebook username (if you login through your Facebook account)
You / Third Parties
D.
Commercial information
in-app purchases,
products or services purchased,
purchasing or consuming histories and
                      tendencies
You / Service Provider
F.
Interaction information
information on your interaction with our gaming application( If users log in via social networks or third parties mainly like Facebook)
You / Third Parties
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal informationn
In-game behaviors
You / Service Provider
Sources of Personal Data (Column 3)
We collect Personal Data about you from the
                    following categories of sources:
·
“You”
o
When you
                    provide such information directly to us.
o
When Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services
·
“Third
                    Parties”
o
Third parties that provide us with Personal Data about you. Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
§
Service providers
. For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
§
Social networks
                    connected to the services
. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third-party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us.
§
Advertising partners
. We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.
§
Monetization partners
. To the extent we display advertising in our games, with your consent as may be required by applicable law, we may share or we may allow online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services to collect information about your use of our services over time to enable them to play or display their own ads on our games.
Information Collected Automatically
The Services use ad identifiers, which are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘SKAdNetwork id’) uniquely associated with your device.
Information
                    about Interest-Based Advertisements:
We may
                    serve advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks, including
                    third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms,
                    to serve advertisements through the Services. These advertisements may be
                    targeted to users who fit certain general profile categories or display certain
                    preferences or behaviors (“Interest-Based Ads”). Information for Internet-Based
                    Ads (including Personal Data) may be provided to us by you, or derived from the
                    usage patterns of particular users on the Services and/or services of third
                    parties. Such information may be gathered through tracking users’ activities
                    across time and unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Services.
                    To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver Cookies, including
                    a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the
                    Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated
                    auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also
                    enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other
                    websites. Web beacons allow ad networks to view, edit or set their own Cookies
                    on your browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
We comply
                    with the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles for
                    Online Behavioral Advertising. Through the DAA and Network Advertising
                    Initiative (“NAI”), several media and marketing associations have developed an
                    industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of,
                    and greater control over, ads that are customized based a consumer’s online
                    behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about
                    Interest-Based Ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of
                    receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating
                    organizations, please visit the DAA’s or NAI’s consumer opt-out pages, which
                    are located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We process Personal Data to operate, improve,
                    understand and personalize our Services. We use Personal Data for the following
                    purposes:
·
To
                    meet or fulfill the reason you provided the information to us.
·
To
                    communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements,
                    updates or offers.
·
To
                    provide support and assistance for the Services.
·
To
                    create and manage your Account or other user profiles.
·
To
                    personalize website content and communications based on your preferences,
                    including targeted offers and ads served through the Services.
·
To
                    process orders or other transactions.
·
To
                    respond to user inquiries and fulfill user requests.
·
To
                    improve and develop the Services, including testing, research, analysis and
                    product development.
·
To
                    protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions and maintain
                    the safety, security and integrity of our Services.
·
To
                    comply with our legal or contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce
                    our Terms of Use.
·
To
                    respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court
                    order, or governmental regulations.
·
For
                    any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as
                    otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California
                    Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
We will
                    not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we
                    collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without
                    providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may
                    communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if
                    you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or
                    email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation
                    when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Services. If you do
                    not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by
                    emailing us at service.nutsjoy@gmail.com.
How We Share Your Personal Data
Column 4: Categories of Third Parties
                    with Whom We Share Personal Data
We
                    disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers
                    and other parties:
"Service providers", which help us provide our Services, including:
Payment processors, such as Apple (for in-app purchases made in our iOS apps) and Google (for in-app purchases made in our Android apps).
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Hosting and other technology and communications providers.
Analytics providers, such as Appsflyer.
"Affiliates".
“Acquirors”, who acquire your Personal Data through an acquisition or other change of control.
Personal Data may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part).
"Selected Recipients",
                        which are third parties that we share your Personal Data with at your direction, including:
Other users (where you interact with other users through the Services or direct us to effect any interaction or communication with other users as initiated or authorized by you through the Services).
Social media services (if you intentionally interact with them through your use of the Services).
Third-party business partners who you access through the Services.
Other parties authorized by you.
Advertising Partners .
Ad networks, such as:
Facebook
Google Admob
Unity
Ironsource
Applovin
Vungle
Adcolony
We share your Personal Data with the following categories of third parties:
Monetization Partners
Monetization networks, such as:
Facebook
Google Admob
Unity
Ironsource
Applovin
Vungle
Adcolony
Disclosures of Personal Data for a
                    Business Purpose
We disclose your Personal
                    Data to service providers and other parties as explained in the chart above for
                    the following business purposes:
·
Auditing
                    related to a current interaction and concurrent transactions, including, but
                    not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying
                    positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this
                    specification and other standards.
·
Detecting
                    security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or
                    illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
·
Debugging
                    to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
·
Short-term,
                    transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a
                    consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the
                    current interaction.
·
Performing
                    services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing
                    customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying
                    customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing
                    advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing
                    similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
·
Undertaking
                    internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from
unauthorized access, use
                    and disclosure
using appropriate
physical, technical,
                    organizational and administrative security measures
based
                    on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example,
                    the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to
                    allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also
                    help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password
                    and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and
                    browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We
                    retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us
                    or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we
                    retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
                    disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by
                    applicable law, rule or regulation. W
e may further retain information in
                    an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you
                    personally.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit
                    Personal Data about children under 16 years of age; if you are a child under
                    the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the
                    Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal
                    Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as
                    quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have
                    provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at service.nutsjoy@gmail.com.
Data Deletion Rights
Players can exercise this right directly within the app by navigating to the "Settings" menu and selecting the "Delete Account" option. This action will initiate the permanent deletion of their personal information, including in-game profiles, purchase history, and other personally identifiable data. Once deleted, the data cannot be recovered.
California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in
                    this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for
                    instructions regarding how to exercise these rights.
If there are any conflicts between
                    this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a
                    California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall
                    control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this
                    section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us
                    at
service.nutsjoy@gmail.com
.
Access
You have the right to request certain information about our
                    collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. In response,
                    we will provide you with the following information:
·
The categories of Personal Data that we have
                    collected about you.
·
The categories of sources from which that
                    Personal Data was collected.
·
The business or commercial purpose for
                    collecting or selling your Personal Data.
·
The categories of third parties with whom we
                    have shared your Personal Data.
·
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we
                    have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to
                    any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will
                    identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third
                    party recipient.
If we have sold your Personal Data over the
                    past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data sold to each
                    category of third party recipient.
Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete
                    the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right
                    is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your
                    Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or
                    other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of
                    these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you
                    must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to
                    verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and
                    (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand,
                    evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria
                    will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do
                    not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid
                    Request to verify your identify and complete your request. You do not need an
                    account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request
                    within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid
                    Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
                    unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will
                    notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the
                    following methods:
·
Call
                    us at:    +85231172200
·
Emailing
                    us at: service.nutsjoy@gmail.com
Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
In this section, we use the term ‘sell’ as it is defined in the
                    CCPA. We sell your Personal Data, subject to your right to opt-out of these
                    sales.
We sell your Personal Data to the following categories of third
                    parties:
·
Advertisers
Over the
                    past twelve months, we have sold the following categories of your Personal Data
                    to third parties:
·
A.
                    Personal identifiers.
·
D.
                    Commercial information.
·
F.
                    Internet or other similar network activity information.
·
G.
                    Geolocation data.
·
K.
                    Inferences drawn from other personal information.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of
                    your Personal Data.  You can opt-out by clicking the
Do Not Sell My Information page
.
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to
                    reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
We do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age
                    without affirmative authorization. If you are between 13 and 16 years of age,
                    you must authorize us to sell your Personal Data. If you are under 13 years of
                    age, your parent or guardian must authorize us to sell your Personal Data.
We Will Not Discriminate Against You
                    for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for
                    exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or
                    services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality
                    of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we
                    may offer different tiers of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy
                    laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of
                    the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we
                    receive from you.
Other State Law Privacy Rights
California
                    Resident Rights
Under
                    California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are
                    entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
                    for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a
                    request, please contact us at service.nutsjoy@gmail.com.
Nevada Resident Rights
If
                    you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of
                    certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that
                    Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at service.nutsjoy@gmail.com
                    with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your
                    name and the email address associated with your account.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our
                    Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as
                    well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice within the games
                    (apps) by sending you a notification, and/or by some other means. Please note
                    that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice from us , those legal notices
                    will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for
                    reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to
                    the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the
                    changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in
                    effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the
                    ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data, your choices and rights
                    regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
·
+85231172200
·
service.nutsjoy@gmail.com
·
ROOM 1201, 12/F, TAI SANG BANK BUILDING, 130-132 DES VOEUX ROAD，CENTRAL
HONGKONG
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
playorcas
(Playorcas Games) may share your
                    information with third parties to serve you offers for Playorcas Games, or offers
                    from our third-party advertising partners. This sharing could get you a personalized
                    advertising and gaming experience.
But, Playorcas Games gives you the ability to disable
                    targeted advertising provided by third-party partners at any time and If you
                    wish to disable targeted advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in
                    your device settings:
For iOS
                    devices
，
please follow the instruction provided by Apple
https://support.apple.com/en-il/HT205223
For Android devices, please
                    follow the instruction provided by Google
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en
If you
                    still couldn’t fix it on your device, you can also send an email to
service.nutsjoy@gmail.com
including your account
                    and device information. Once we receive your information and locate your
                    account, Playorcas Games will disable the personalized advertising and no longer
                    share your information with third-party partners, but it may take a little
                    bit of time before
your
opt-out takes effect.
If you or your legally authorized agent
                    need help, do not have an account, or would like to submit an opt-out notice to
                    us directly, please email us at
service.nutsjoy@gmail.com
.