Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy explains how Dan Reaves  treats personal information when you create an Account.
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, email address or phone number.
Non-identifiable information is information that our system records in order to use our services. It is not possible to identify you using this data. This data may include the page you are browsing, the OS you are using and the browser you are using.
Usage
Dan Reaves  will use the Personal Data you provide to create an Account and to use our services.
Dan Reaves  will use this information for the following purposes: product updates and improvements, service provision, billing, authentication and contact.
Dan Reaves  does not sell, trade, rent or distribute your personal data to third parties except for specific situations where we will highlight exactly what data we are sharing.
Dan Reaves  may disclose your Personal Data where it complies with a court order or other legal process or request by law enforcement authorities or to defend itself against any legal claims.
App Tracking
Dan Reaves  uses cookies and session management tracking to maintain your user experience. A cookie is a small data file stored on your devices local drive.
Cookies are required to use Dan Reaves 's service.
The app also uses a ‘session cookie' that only exists until you finish your browser session, these cookies are used to store your data as you move through your browser session but are never accessed by anyone else.
Storage & Security
Dan Reaves 's service is provided by using the hosting services of Google.
Your account information is password-protected.
The security of all data is very important. Dan Reaves  implements the following measures: protection of servers by firewalls, SSL connections and encryption of sensitive data. This list is not exhaustive.
Geo Location
When you use the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location and display a location map with relevant advertisements. We will not share your current location with other users or partners.
Camera
Our in app forms require access to your devices camera in order for you to send your images through the app, all images sent authorise the app owner to use accordingly.
Communications
Where appropriate we may send you communications relating to the services, such as product updates and improvements and service provision.
Responsibility & Liability
Dan Reaves 's service may contain hyperlinks to other website, other 3rd party providers or services or advertisers. Dan Reaves  has no control over the content, websites or services of these 3rd parties. This Privacy statement only applies to Personal Data that has been gathered through Dan Reaves 's services.
Data Removal
You may request removal of your data at any time by emailing support. However core functions of the service, and user experience may be compromised with the removal of any data stored within the services.
Changes to this Policy
This policy may be updated at any time, for any reason.