Who we are?
GPS Tuner Systems Kft. is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and users and the personal information you have entrusted to us. It is important for you to understand what personal information we will collect, how we will use it, and who may access it.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you give a feedback. Please note that any screenshots you take are stored online on our servers and will only be disclosed to those third parties that you allow specifically. Please also note that we may delete any such information stored on our server without any notice. In general we do not collect any personal identifiable information from you, except when you specifically provide such with your prior express consent. Personal information means information about an identifiable individual. It includes information that you have provided to us or was collected by us from other sources. It may include details such as your name and address, age and gender and other personal references, to the extent permitted by local laws and based on your prior consent.
How do we collect such information?
We collect all information in compliance with the REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR).
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our service (we continually strive to improve our service offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To answer requests or questions about our services
To recognize issues and identify bugs in our services and provide support to our end users.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our service policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We can also release your information when you allow us to do so.
How long do we retain personal data?
Our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the information was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. When personal information is no longer needed, we either irreversibly anonymise the data (and we may further retain and use the anonymised information) or securely destroy the data.
In any event we destroy all collected personal information in maximum 3 years.
California Online Privacy Protection Act compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Transfer of personal data
We will only transfer your personal data to such countries that provide the same level of protection as the General Data Protection Regulation of the EU Parliament provides.
Data processors
GPS Tuner Systems Kft may employ, from time-to-time data processors that are providing sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that processing will meet the requirements of the GDPR and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject.
Your consent
By using our service, you consent to our privacy policy. You also give your consent by clicking „Agree”. Under certain conditions, you may have the right to require us to:
provide you with further details on the use we make of your information;
provide you with a copy of information that you have provided to us;
update any inaccuracies in the personal information we hold;
delete any personal information the we no longer have a lawful ground to use;
where processing is based on consent, to withdraw your consent so that we stop that particular processing;
object to any processing based on the legitimate interests ground unless our reasons for undertaking that processing outweigh any prejudice to your data protection rights;
restrict how we use your information whilst a complaint is being investigated.
Your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g. the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g. the maintenance of legal privilege). If you exercise any of these rights we will check your entitlement and respond in due time.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on December 8, 2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or you would like to report something in relation to your personal data you may contact us using the information below.
GPS Tuner Systems Kft
H-1012 Budapest, Vérmezõ street 4.
www.gpstuner.com
info@gpstuner.com