Privacy
Policy of
www.vetpal.ie
Vetpal Limited, a
company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, (“
Vetpal
” or "
We
")
are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
For the purpose of the
Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation
(2016/679) (
GDPR
) (together “
Data Protection Law”
), we are
the data controller. All definitions in this policy in respect of personal data
and processing are as described in the GDPR.
Our website www.vetpal.ie
(“
our site
” or “the site”) and
the
VETPAL application (“our app” or “the app”)
are both
operated by Vetpal.
This privacy policy
sets out the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from you
through your use of the site or the app.
Our app and website are
used by animal owners, veterinarians and pharmacists/licensed merchants
(the “Animal
Remedy Stores”),
to facilitate
(i) making of appointments and
communicating directly with veterinary practices via a messaging service on the
app, (ii) requesting prescriptions for collection at either the veterinary
practice or from Animal Remedy Stores (iii) selecting one or more veterinary
practices to a allow an appropriate Client-Practice-Patient-Relationship
(“CPPR”) to exist
.
As part of this process
we collect personal data in relation to the following:
“
Animal
Owners
”:                     the individuals availing of services from the veterinarians
and collecting prescriptions from the Animal Remedy Stores,
“
Veterinarians
”:
                       the veterinarians providing the prescriptions to the Animal
Owners,
“
Animal
Remedy Stores
”:         the individual pharmacists or licensed merchants
dispensing the prescriptions to the Animal Owners.
On our site or app, the
personal data of Animal Owners, Veterinarians and Animal Remedy Stores will be
processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our
views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and
process the following data about you:
·
Information
that you provide by filling in forms on our site
www.vetpal.ie
(“
our site”
). This
includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site,
becoming a member of our site or posting material. We may also ask you for
information when you report a problem with our site or app.
·
If
you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
·
We
may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes,
although you do not have to respond to them.
·
Details
of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your
orders.
·
Statistical
information about browsing actions including, but not limited to:
·
traffic
data;
·
location
data: we gather location data to track the nearest veterinary clinic and Animal
Remedy Store to each Animal Owner.
PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
The purpose of the
processing of your personal data is to fulfil our contractual obligations with
the Animal Owners, Veterinarians and Animal Remedy Stores.
The specific purposes
are set out below:
·
Animal
Owners’ personal data:
Registration
      details: email, name, address, phone number, and, if the Animal Owner is
      a farmer, their heard/equine/flock number. These details are collected in
      order to provide access to our service.
We process
      personal data of Animal Owners in order to connect the Animal Owners with
      Veterinarians and Animal Remedy Stores to enable them to avail of the
      services.
The lawful basis
      for the processing of this personal data is based on your consent. By
      clicking “I agree” in the relevant box situated on the form on which we
      collect your data (the registration form) when creating an account on our
      site, you are consenting to the processing your personal data in
      accordance with this policy. You have the right to withdraw your consent
      regarding the processing of sensitive data at any time.
The Animal Owners
      will also be required to provide certain information relating to their
      animals
You will also be
      asked to tick a box if you are an organic farmer when creating an account.
      This information may be provided to the Department of Agriculture if
      requested.
·
Veterinarian’s
personal data:
Registration
      details: email, name, qualifications, Veterinary Council of Ireland registration
      number.
We will also
      collect data about the clinic where they veterinarian practices; such as
      the phone number and address.
We process
      personal data of veterinarians in order to set up their profiles and
      allow them to use the app to connect with Animal Owners. We also process
      their data to enable the veterinarians to liaise with Animal Remedy
      Stores and manage the prescription process through the app and website in
      order track their activity as required by the Animal Owners. The lawful
      basis for processing this personal data is the provision of the services
      offered by the app and website to the Animal Owners.
·
Animal
Remedy Store personal data:
Registration
      details: email, name, Pharmaceutical Society of Ireland number (if the
      individual is a pharmacist), QQI Level 6 Certificate number/Responsible Person
      Certificate Number.
We will also
      collect data about the store where the pharmacist or licensed merchant
      operates; such as the phone number and address.
We process
      personal data of pharmacists or licensed merchants in order to set up
      their profiles on the site and allow them to manage the prescription
      process through the app and website and in order track their activity as
      required by the Animal Owners. The lawful basis for processing this
      personal data is the provision of the services offered by the app and
      website to the Animal Owners.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held
about you in the following ways:
·
To
enable Animal Owners to receive prescriptions for their animals from
veterinarians and Animal Remedy Stores.
·
To
facilitate Animal Owners
making appointments and communicating directly
with veterinary practices via a messaging service on the app,
·
To
provide Animal Owners, veterinarians and Animal Remedy Stores with copies of
the animal’s prescriptions when requested.
·
To
ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for
you and for your computer or device.
·
To
provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or
which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for
such purposes.
·
To
allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you
choose to do so.
·
To
notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your
data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with
information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or
they may contact you about these by post, telephone or e-mail.
If you are an existing
customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS or
smart-phone alert) with information about goods and services similar to those
which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are a new
customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or
they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
If you do not want us
to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for
marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which
we collect your data (the
registration form
).
We do not disclose
information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may
provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may
inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on
any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers
reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal
data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers'
wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
RETENTION OF YOUR DATA
We shall retain
personal data for strictly no longer than is necessary for:
(a)
the purposes
for which it was collected;
a.
for as long
you maintain an active profile on the site or app; and
b.
for 5 year
following the date on which the Animal Owner and/or veterinarian and/or Animal
Remedy Store ceases to maintain a profile to allow us to respond to follow up
queries; and
(b)
as required
to fulfil our obligations in law.
STORAGE OF YOUR DATA
Our site and
app or certain information in relation to either them may also be hosted by our
cloud
services based in Ireland. We have a contract in place with the cloud services
and will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is
treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All
transfers of data outside of the European Economic Area (the “
EEA
”) are
made in accordance with the requirements of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the
General Data Protection Regulations or “GDPR”) and are based on either an
adequacy decision being made by the European Commission or the use of the
European Commission’s Standard Model Clauses for transfers of personal data
outside the EEA.
By using our site or app or by interacting with us in the ways described in
this Privacy Policy, you consent to the transfer of your information outside
the EEA in the circumstances set out in this Privacy Policy. Please contact us
if you do not want your information to be transferred outside the EEA in the
manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
All
information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have
given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access
certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone
.
Unfortunately,
the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot
absolutely guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any
transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we
will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised
access.
SECURITY OF YOUR DATA
In order to ensure the
security of your personal data, we shall ensure the security of the information
we collect and shall store it in a safe manner. We have the following measures
in place (although we cannot always guarantee the security of data that is
collected and stored by us):
a)
where
our employees or contractors process personal data, we will ensure that they
are trained in the handling and care of personal data and that such employees
or contractors are only permitted access to personal data on a “need to know”
basis;
b)
ensure that
all inquiries from data subjects relating to processing of their personal data
by Vetpal are dealt with promptly and properly;
c)
only retain
personal or sensitive data on our files for the duration of provision of the
services to you, unless the longer retention of such personal data is required
for legal and auditing purposes;
d)
not transfer
personal data outside the EEA except where necessary for the provision of the
services, or you have consented, and appropriate measures to safeguard the
security of your personal data are adopted;
e)
we maintain
appropriate technical, security and organisational security measures against
any unauthorised access to or alteration, disclosure, destruction, or
accidental loss or destruction of or damage to personal data. We will carry out
regular testing of the effectiveness of our security measures to minimise risk;
f)
process
personal data in accordance with the duration, nature and purpose of processing
as required to carry out services;
g)
demonstrate
compliance by keeping an auditable record of:
(i)
the categories of all Personal Data we process,
(ii)
details
of any sub-contractors appointed to process data on Vetpal’s behalf;
(iii)
categories
of processing carried out by Vetpal;
(iv)
details
of any transfers of Personal Data to third countries; and
(v)
current
maintained and accurate descriptions of the technical and organisational
security measures in place for each category of Personal Data, which
demonstrate how such measures are implemented for the Services provided under
this Agreement;
SUB PROCESSING
We maintain a list of
sub-processors available on request.
DATA PROTECTION INCIDENT
Upon becoming aware of a breach of personal data we will notify
affected
data subjects
within 72 hours in
writing, detailing the circumstances and particulars thereof; report the breach
to the Data Protection Commissioner of Ireland (the “Supervisory Authority”);
and take such reasonable corrective and mitigating measures as required under
Data Protection Law and that are customary under the circumstances.
IP ADDRESSES, COOKIES AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We may
collect information about your computer, including where available your IP
address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to
report aggregate information to our advertisers. Aggregate information is
statistical data about your browsing activities and patterns and does not
identify any individual.
For the same
reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a
cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain
information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to
improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They
enable us:
·
To
estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
·
To
store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customise our site
according to your individual interests.
·
To
speed up your searches.
·
To
recognise you when you return to our site.
You may
refuse to accept cookies when you open our site. Please note that our advertisers
may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
For more information
about cookies and how to stop cookies being installed visit the following
website:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
We also use
Google Analytics on our site. Google Analytics transmits website traffic data
to Google servers in the United States, but it does not identify individual
users or associated IP addresses with any data held by Google. We use reports
provided by Google Analytics to better understand traffic and usage of our
website.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your
personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries,
our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in Companies Act
2014.
We may
disclose your personal information to third parties:
·
In
the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may
disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business
or assets.
·
If
Vetpal or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party,
personal data held by it about Animal Owners or veterinarians will be one of
the transferred assets.
·
If
we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with
any legal obligation or EU regulation, or in order to enforce or apply our
terms of use as set out in our general terms and conditions and other
agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Vetpal, our
customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies
and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
reduction. This also includes providing the Department of Agriculture with
details of the prescriptions ordered through our site in compliance with EU
Regulation on Veterinary Medicinal Products (EU2019/6) if requested.
YOUR RIGHTS
You
have the following rights under the GDPR, in certain circumstances and subject
to certain exemptions, in relation to your personal data:
right
     to access your personal data: you have the right to request a copy of the
     personal data that we hold about you, together with other information
     about our processing of that personal data;
right
     to rectification: you have the right to request that any inaccurate data
     that is held about you is corrected, or if we have incomplete information
     you may request that we update the information such that it is complete;
right
     to erasure: you have the right to request that we delete personal data
     that we hold about you;
right
     to restriction of processing or to object to processing: you have the
     right to request that we no longer process your personal data for
     particular purposes, or to object to our processing of your personal data
     for particular purposes;
·
right
to data portability: you have the right to request that we provide you, or a
third party, with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used
machine readable format;
·
Consent:
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise
these rights please email support@vetpal.ie. Any request should be put in
writing and will be responded to, by us within 30 days. Please contact us
either by email at support@vetpal.ie or by post at our registered address from
time to time. All correspondence should be marked for the attention of our GDPR
team.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make
to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where
appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and
requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
support@vetpal.ie.