App Privacy
Update Date:
August 28, 2024
Effective Date:
August 28, 2024
PicWish fully respects your privacy. This policy covers the processing of personal data by PicWish, which is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information while striving to provide the very best user experience. We want our websites to be safe and enjoyable for everyone.
The operations of PicWish are in accordance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), effective May 25, 2018. PicWish has made the GDPR a priority, and we are and have always been fully aligned with the regulation’s intended result: the protection of your privacy and personal data.
1. What data do we collect and how do we use it?
Account information.
When you participate in, access, purchase or sign up to any of our services, activities or online content, such as subscriptions, newsletters, surveys, competitions or events, we receive personal information about you which we use to be able to provide these services. This may consist of data including your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. You will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes and you can update your marketing preferences at any time. PicWish stores, processes and maintains files that you create and/or upload using the Services (as well as previous versions of your files), including PicWish charts that you create, sharing lists, and other data related to your account in order to provide the service to you.
Usage information.
We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take when using our Services (like editing, viewing, and sharing Your Stuff, changing themes, activating software license, and logging in and out of your account). We use this information to improve our Services, develop new services and features, and protect you as well as other PicWish users.
Device information.
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, system language, the type of browser and device you use, the version of our software, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.
Uploaded Files.
All uploaded images or data are secure and will be dealt with confidentially, data will be transferred with SSL/TLS-encrypted and only used to perform requested image processing. When you use the AI face swap function, we will also collect the facial data in your picture and replace the corresponding data in other templates according to your instructions. All images you upload will be permanently deleted automatically from the server 1 hour after you last edited or closed the image processing page. Meanwhile, we will not share your data with any third parties.
Email Marketing.
To send emails and other communications. Transactional: As part of our services, we provide users with certain communications and updates, We may send you service, marketing, technical and other administrative communications, such as communications about your account, our Service offerings, changes to the Services, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. We consider these communications as part of our Services to you.
AI Background.
When you use the AI background function, you should be aware that this function is supported by a generative artificial intelligence model. To serve you better, we need to collect the prompt you may enter and the images you upload to be processed.
2. Legally process personal data
We will not share your personal data with other parties except as provided below:
Personal information.
We may share personal information with Service Providers. We provide certain Services and Software through Service Providers. We may share your personal identification information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, manage customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card and other payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We will also share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks.
Disclose personal data.
We may disclose the User’s personal data if PicWish is under a duty to disclose or share such personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to protect the rights, property or safety of its business, its customers or others.
Transmit personal information.
We may also transmit your personal information with companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of us for the purposes identified above. Such companies include providers of payment processing services, data analysis services providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, email delivery service providers, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers.
Outside the European Union.
The collected personal data may be transferred by PicWish to recipients which are located outside the European Union and such destinations may not have laws which protect the User’s personal data to the same extent as in the European Union. PicWish ensures that the User’s personal data processed by PicWish or by its suppliers and partners operating outside the European Union are treated securely and are protected against unauthorized access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
Third party track tools.
We may use third party track tools (such as Adwords, Bing, bugsplat, Criteo, disqus, fabric, Facebook, FireBase, Flurry, Google Analytics, Hotjar, LinkedIn, Pardot, Quora, JPUSH) to track the information on how users use the products and websites, such information will be stored in third party servers. Such third party track tools may send the data analysis report for PicWish’s above mentioned purpose.
Store information.
We may store the collected information on the servers leased from providers of third party server service.
3. Storage and retention of data
User Controls.
You can access, amend, download, and delete your personal information by logging into your PicWish account and going to your account settings page.
Retention.
When you sign up for an account with us, we’ll retain information associated with your account for as long as your account is in existence or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we will initiate deletion of this information immediately. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. Other information will be retained until you ask us to delete it.
4. Security
We are committed to protecting the personal data we hold. In accordance with GDPR, we adopt appropriate technical and organisational measures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information and ensure data is held securely. We also require any third parties to whom we may transfer personal data to have appropriate security measures in place. We ask third parties to complete Data Security Questionnaires so we can be sure they are a safe place for your data.
5. Your Right to Control and Access Your Information
You have control over your personal information and how it is collected, used, and shared. For example, you have a right to:
Access and take your data.
You can download copies of Your Stuff from our website. You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us.
Change or correct personal data.
You can manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your profile details, through your account settings page.
Delete your entire account.
You can delete your PicWish account, as well as any information related to it once for all, through your account settings page.
Unsubscribe from our newsletters.
Simply click any ‘Unsubscribe’ link in any marketing email you received to make your email address deleted from our mailing list.
Your right to withdraw consent.
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Disposal of online heritage.
The User has the right to define general or specific instructions regarding storage, deletion and use of its personal data after death.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requiring you to submit your request via your account.
6. Appendix: Permission application and application scenarios
App permissions
Permissions and required information
Purpose of permission usage
Network access permission (Android)
Access network information
Request background service
Phone State
Read phone state
Read phone state, IMEI and IMSI information of device to identify users, prevent phishing websites and Trojan viruses, and perform user data statistics (installs, active users)
Storage permissions(read and write)
Read and write external storage
Read local pictures, videos and other media files to help users upload files
Camera permission
Allow the use of the camera
Used to take pictures, record videos, scan QR code and other functions
7. Children’s information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
8. Policy changes
PicWish may change this Policy from time to time as laws, regulations, industry standards, and/or our business evolves. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Policy periodically to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, PicWish will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services.
If you disagree with the changes to this Policy, you should deactivate your Services Account. Contact your Account administrator at
privacy@wangxutech.com
if you wish to request the removal of your personal data under their control.
9. Disclaimer
PicWish does not assume any responsibility for network service interruptions or other defects caused by force majeure (as the case may be controlled, including, but not limited to acts of God, flood, war, terrorism, fire, riot, rebellion, civil commotion, strike, lockout, other industrial action, the general failure of electricity or other supply, technical failure, accidental or mechanical or electrical breakdown, computer failure or failure of any money transmission system, embargo, labor dispute and changes in any existing or future laws, ordinances, regulations, or any existing or future act of governmental activity or the like.) or reasons beyond PicWish’s control, but will do its best to reduce the losses and impacts caused to users and ensure its stability and safety.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please
contact
our Data Protection Officer. If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
No related posts.
Back to top