Privacy Policy
(Last updated March 2024)
1. INTRODUCTION
Who are we?
We are Downpour Limited, and our offices are at 16 Chartwood Pl Dorking RH4 2JY.
Where we decide the means or purpose of processing your personal data, we are the data “controller”.
What’s this notice about?
This notice explains how we process your personal data as a data controller when you:
visit, use and/or engage with our website (
https://downpour.games/
), and any of its respective subdomains, and any other website or app of ours that links to this privacy policy; or
play any of the games (each, a “Game”) we make available from time to time,(together, the “Services”).
We update this notice from time to time so please check back in.
Other apps and websites provided by third parties but linked to within our services will have a separate notice provided by the relevant third party.
How do you contact us?
(if you have questions about this notice or to exercise your rights)
Write to us at:
support@downpour.games
If we can’t resolve your issue, you can also get in touch with the Information Commissioner’s Office:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns
(or if you live in a European country other than the UK, you can submit a complaint to the supervisory authority in your country).
What are your rights?
You have the following rights, although these rights may be limited in some circumstances:
Ask us to send a copy of your data to you or someone else
Ask us to restrict, stop processing, or delete your data
Object to our processing of your data
Object to use of your personal data for direct marketing (to the extent it is used for direct marketing)
Ask us to correct inaccuracies
If we rely on consent to process data, or send direct marketing, you can withdraw consent by email to the address above.
2. YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND HOW WE USE IT
Your data
How we use it
Sources and recipients
Platform Data
Email address
Account identifier, including gaming or device platform accounts (such as iOS and Android)
Payment information, including receipts and IDs relating to in-game purchases linked to your account with us
Gaming or device platform handle
Token assigned by gaming or device platform provider
We process this information for the purposes of managing the provision and administration of the platform and the Services.
We may also associate your in-game purchases with your Downpour account to facilitate better access to such purchases across your devices, including where such purchases are made through third party services through our Games are published (for example Apple and Google).
You can choose to link your gaming and device platform account(s) with your Downpour account and use your gaming and device platform account details in order to access the Services. When you choose to do this, the relevant gaming or device platform provider will provide us with a token which we use to link with the account. Depending on your privacy settings with the relevant gaming or device platform provider, we may also be sent your name, and email address, from your gaming or device platform account.
Legal basis
We may process this data in accordance with the
terms of our contract with you
(“ToS”) (where we need this information to provide Services to you) or to take steps at your request prior to entering into the ToS.
We may also process this information on the basis of our legitimate interest to improve the users experience with and accessibility to our Services.
More information
You are under no obligation to provide this information, however if you do not, we may not be able to register your account and deliver part or all of the Services.
Sources
We collect this data directly from you or through third party services where you use your existing gaming and device platform account to log into our Service (please see below), or where your access to the Services is facilitated by you subscribing to
https://www.patreon.com/v21
. Your account identifier is generated by
Firebase
and will be available in-game once you have created your account.
Recipients
We use
Firebase
to store this data for authentication purposes.
Wasabi
and
Akamai
provide some of our technical infrastructure, including some of our servers, APIs and storage.
Further, the relevant gaming or device platform provider will have access to this data (such as Apple and Google).
Enquiry Data
Name
Email address
Account identifier
Details of your enquiry
We process this information to respond to your support requests and other enquiries.
Legal basis
We may process this data in accordance with the terms of the
ToS
(where we need this information to provide Services to you) or to take steps at your request prior to entering into the
ToS
.
We also use this data to pursue our legitimate interests, including: (a) our interest in responding to enquiries to ensure smooth operation of our business and Services; and (b) to understand our customers and improve our Services, by taking on-board your feedback.
More information
You are under no obligation to provide us with this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to respond to your enquiry or support request.
Sources
We collect this data directly from you.
Recipients
We use
Freshdesk
in order to receive, log and respond to your enquiries. Google may also gain access to this data if you email us directly at
report@downpour.games
.
Review Data
Name (or username)
Content of your review
Location data
Information relating to model of device
We process this information to consider your reviews, respond where appropriate, and/or to make updates or improvements to our Services in response to your reviews.
Legal basis
We use this personal data to pursue our legitimate interests to improve the quality of our Services.
Sources
We collect this information when you leave a review on third party services such as Apple App Store, Google Play Store, and other third party gaming and device platforms, or through
Wiredash
.
Recipients
Platform where you share your reviews, such as
Wiredash
, Google Play Store, and Apple App Store.
Usage Data
IP address
Name (or username)
Pages of our Service that you visit, time and date of your visit, and the time spent on those pages
Unique device identifiers
Country level location data
Where you access the Service using a mobile device, in addition to the above:
Type of mobile
Mobile device unique ID
Mobile operating system
Mobile internet browser
We may use software to collect usage data to understand how people use and interact with our Services, and to help improve and maintain our Services.
Legal basis
We process this data if you have given your consent.
Sources
We collect this data using tracking technologies. For more information on how we use tracking technologies to collect this data, please see section 3 ‘Cookie, Analytics and Similar Technologies’ below.
Recipients
We may use
Fathom Analytics
,
Cloudflare
,
Honeycomb
,
RevenueCat
, and
Firebase
, to collect usage data and provide us with analytics.
Wasabi
and
Akamai
provide some of our technical infrastructure, including some of our servers, APIs and storage.
Technical Data
IP address
Email address
Pages of our Service that you visit, time and date of your visit, and the time spent on those pages
Unique device identifiers
Error messages and crash reports
Spam/Fraud/DDOS reports
We process certain information relating to the device on which users are accessing our Services to: (i) identify users accessing our Services; (ii) improve, test and monitor the quality and delivery of our Services; (iii) identify and correct any problems on our Services; and (v) perform essential business operations.
Legal basis
We use this personal data to pursue our legitimate interests, including to improve the quality of our Services by addressing issues and bugs, and to ensure that our Services are safe for users by taking steps to prevent fraudulent or illicit activities on our Services.
Sources
We collect this data directly from you / your device as you use the Services, and through the operator of your mobile system or device (including Apple and Google).
For more information on how we use tracking technologies to collect this data, please see section 3 ‘Cookie, Analytics and Similar Technologies’ below.
Recipients
We may use
Sentry
to collect crash and error data, and
Cloudflare
to collect spam/fraud/DDOS data. Apple and Google may also have access and provide us with such data.
Wasabi
and
Akamai
provide some of our technical infrastructure, including some of our servers, APIs and storage.
Moderation Data
IP address
Email address
Unique device identifiers
Uploaded games and other user activity
We process this information to moderate the use of the Services by users, and to ensure that users’ use of the Services is compliant to our
ToS
.
Legal basis
We use this personal data to pursue our legitimate interests, to ensure that users engage the Services in accordance with our conditions for use of the Services, as incorporated in the
ToS
.
Sources
We collect this data directly from you as you use the Services. For more information on how we use tracking technologies to collect this data, please see section 3 ‘Cookie, Analytics and Similar Technologies’ below.
Recipients
We may use
Plasmic
to moderate the use of our Services.
Wasabi
and
Akamai
provide some of our technical infrastructure, including some of our servers, APIs and storage.
Marketing Data
Screenshots of Games instances that may contain user generated content incorporating personal data
We process this information to promote our Services on the marketplaces through which we offer our Services and Games.
Legal basis
We use this data to pursue our legitimate interests which is to promote our Services and Games.
Sources
We collect this data directly from you as you use the Services.
Newsletter Data
Email address upon signup to Downpour newsletter
We process this information to send you updates on our Services and business if you are subscribed to the Downpour newsletter.
Legal basis
We process this data if you have given your consent.
Sources
We collect this information when you subscribe to the Downpour newsletter through third party services, such as
Buttondown
.
Recipients
Newsletter platforms, such as
Buttondown
.
Competition Data
IP address
Name
Contact Information (including email address)
Social media usernames and associated content, including profile pictures
Any other information that you submit as part of your competition entries or submissions
We process this information when you enter one of our competitions.
Legal basis
We use this personal data for the performance of a contract with you (for example, the terms governing any such competition, and arranging the delivery of the prize), and to comply with our legal obligations (for example, to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing such competitions, if any).
Sources
We collect this information directly from you, when you enter a competition.
Recipients
Applications such as
Google Sheets
.
Where explicit retention periods are not described above, we hold data for as long as necessary bearing in mind the purpose for which it was collected. To determine the appropriate period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of unauthorised access, and legal requirements.
3. COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies, pixels and other technologies store and access data on your device to help websites and apps work. This table explains their purpose, how long they last, and who else can access their data. We get your consent to use them unless they’re essential for our sites, apps or services.
Settings to disable certain similar technologies:
Windows Advertising ID
|
iOS and Mac OS Ad Tracking
|
Google Analytics
|
Your Ad Choices
.
Cookie/Similar Technology
Duration
Purpose
Access
Fathom Analytics
48 hours
Website analytics
For more information, please refer to
Privacy policy for Fathom Analytics - Fathom Analytics (usefathom.com)
and
GDPR Compliance - Fathom Analytics (usefathom.com)
Honeycomb
60 days
Metrics and monitoring tool
For more information, please refer to
Privacy Policy - Honeycomb for Observability
Sentry
90 days
Monitoring to address bugs and defects in our Services
For more information, please refer to
Privacy Policy 3.3.0 (December 15, 2023) | Sentry
Wiredash
Indefinitely
Collection of bug reports and user feedback
For more information, please refer to
Privacy Policy | Wiredash Docs
Aptabase
Session
Website analytics
For more information, please refer to
Aptabase Analytics for Mobile, Desktop and Web apps
4. TRANSFERS AND DISCLOSURE
Transfers
Your personal data is normally securely stored in the UK.
Where we use data processors outside the UK and European Economic Area, and (or otherwise) transfer personal data to a country which does not provide an adequate level of protection, we use contracts approved by the European Commission or UK authorities which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe / the UK. For more information drop us a line using the contact details at the start of this notice.
Disclosure
Other than as set out above, we may disclose your personal data:
Where required by law, government, competent authorities or the courts or to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, and for the purposes of preventing crime and fraud (for example, we may share personal data with our professional advisors, investigators, or credit reference agencies).
Legal basis:
our legal basis for this processing is likely to be: compliance with legal obligation or legitimate interests in: (i) obtaining advice in relation to legal and similar proceedings, (ii) communicating with relevant third parties in relation to legal and similar proceedings; and/or (iii) protecting and defending ourselves from legal and similar proceedings.
With members of our corporate group, suppliers and subcontractors, as necessary for the purposes (and on the legal basis) set out in this notice.
If involved in an investment, merger, acquisition, or sale of our organisation or assets, personal data we hold may be shared on the basis of the legitimate interests of us, our shareholders, customers and other parties to a transaction, unless those interests are outweighed by prejudicial impacts upon you.
Legal basis
: our legal basis for this processing is likely to be: our legitimate interests pursued would typically include our interest (and that of our shareholders) in negotiating and concluding the relevant transaction, and our interest (and that of our users) in financing the business and ensuring the development and continuity of the Services.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://usefathom.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy law compliance
Compliance main
GDPR compliance
Schrems II compliance
ePrivacy (cookie law) compliance
PECR compliance
COPPA compliance
CCPA compliance
Our legal documents
Terms
Affiliate terms
Privacy policy
DPA
Guidelines
Privacy policy for Fathom Analytics
This privacy notice explains how we, Conva Ventures Inc. (the corporation behind Fathom Analytics), process personal data in our business as per the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) and other relevant data protection and privacy laws applicable to our business.
Our commitment to data protection and privacy
Fathom Analytics is a
privacy-first analytics company
. We make money from our paying customers, so there's no need or reason to sell, rent or give away any of your data (that's not our business model).
In May 2020, we further solidified our privacy efforts with a comprehensive GDPR project led by a European-based GDPR consulting company. We reviewed all our obligations under the GDPR, updated our records of processing activities per Article 30, performed data protection risk assessments, formalized several policies and procedures and various other activities.
We have also formally appointed a Privacy Officer to help us stay continuously up to date with global data protection and privacy rules and regulations.
We hope to provide you with clear and transparent information on how we process your personal data (as a controller) and your data protection rights. If you feel that any information is unclear or missing, please do not hesitate to
contact us
.
We start this policy by describing our processing as the controller of your personal data. We also process some personal data on your behalf, as a data processor, described at the end.
Your data protection rights
Access and rectification
: you may request a copy of the information we process about you and ask us to rectify any incorrect data.
Erasure or restriction
: in some circumstances, you may ask us to delete or restrict our processing of your data, but we cannot delete any data we are legally required to process.
Object to processing
: in some circumstances, you may ask us to stop processing your data.
Data portability
: in some circumstances, you may ask us to transfer your data to you or another organization.
Also, if you're unhappy about how we process your data, you have a
right to complain
to a
national data authority
. We hope, however, that you will contact us first so that we can try to resolve the matter for you in a satisfactory way.
Please get in touch with us if you have any questions about how we handle your data or want to exercise one of your rights. You are entitled to a reply within 30 days.
How we get your personal data
We typically process personal data on potential or existing customers, website visitors and vendors and collaboration partners.
We may process personal data when you:
Contact/communicate with us online (email, video calls, social media, etc.) or on the phone
Use our services/software (Fathom Analytics)
Deliver products/services to or enter into a collaboration with us
It is voluntary to provide us with personal data, but we cannot provide you with our services if you choose not to.
We do not rent, buy or sell personal data from or to others, use automated decisions or profiling in the processing of your personal data, or process any special category data as per the GDPR Article 9.
Purpose, lawful basis and retention periods
We only process your personal data when we have a purpose and a lawful basis for doing so. Under the GDPR Article 6-1, the lawful bases we rely on are:
Your consent
We have a contractual obligation (contract)
We have a legal obligation
We have a legitimate interest
As a rule, we do not process personal data for longer than necessary to fulfill the purpose for processing. To comply with this, we have regular internal GDPR audits where we formally assess our data protection and privacy work with the intention to amend, update and, if necessary, delete personal data.
We will only retain data for as long as we are required to as per applicable legal obligations such as accounting, tax, labour laws or any other relevant rules and regulations. One example is the Canadian Income Tax Act, where we are required to retain data for as long as someone is a customer and then for at least six years.
Details on the processing of your personal data
This section describes when and how we process your data, for what purposes and our legal grounds to do so (lawful bases). We also specify the retention periods for the processing.
We process personal data when:
You communicate with us
Regardless of your relationship with us, as a potential or existing customer, vendor or other, we process your personal data whenever you communicate with us. This could be when you contact us through email, phone (call, text message) or social media. Depending on where and how you contact us, this may include your name, contact details, IP address and other information you choose to send to us. We use a customer support system to manage personal data on potential and existing customers.
The purpose is to be able to respond to your inquiries and, on some occasions, to keep records in case of complaints or legal claims. The lawful basis is f), where our legitimate interest is to respond to your inquiries and, on some occasions, keep records in case of complaints or legal claims.
We review this data at our regular GDPR audits and delete personal data as appropriate. We typically keep this type of personal data for up to two years or six years if we have a legal obligation in accordance with accounting and bookkeeping rules.
You sign up for a Fathom Analytics trial
We want you to be able to try Fathom Analytics before you spend money, which is why we offer a
30-day free trial
. To get access, you need to share your email address and billing address, set a password, select your preferred plan, and enter your payment card details. Your card will be charged at the end of your trial unless you have cancelled your account. We will send you a few emails during your trial. If you don't want to receive these emails, you can easily opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email.
The purpose of this processing is to give you access to a trial of our service, and the lawful basis is b) contract. We review this data at our regular GDPR audits and delete personal data as appropriate; however, no later than two years after you signed up for the trial.
You subscribe to Fathom Analytics (become a customer)
When you purchase a subscription, we already have the personal data you provided when signing up for a trial. We will also have your order/invoice history. You can add other personal data in your account dashboard, like address, company name and VAT number. If you choose to become an affiliate, we ask for your PayPal email address (note that we do not share any personal data about the referrals you've made).
The purpose of this processing is to fulfill our obligation to deliver the services you have purchased and manage the customer relationship. The lawful bases are b) contract and c) legal obligation related to accounting, tax and other business laws we must abide by.
We process the data for as long as you are a customer, and we have a legal obligation as per any applicable rules and regulations we are bound by. We are required by law to store business records, including personal data, for as long as someone is a customer and then for at least six years for accounting and bookkeeping purposes.
You receive marketing as an existing customer
If we have an existing customer relationship with you, we may send you emails containing a promotional element (this happens very infrequently). The personal data we process is your name and email address. The purpose is to provide you with news and offers related to your subscription. The lawful basis is f), where our legitimate interest is to offer our relevant products and services. The lawful basis could also be a), where you have given us your consent to such marketing.
You can opt-out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any such email. We process the data for as long as we have a customer relationship with you or if the processing is based on your consent until you withdraw it. When you ask us not to send you any promotional materials, your account will be flagged as "unsubscribed from marketing" in our internal database, and you won't receive any further marketing emails from us. We are still required to process data for accountancy, tax and other business purposes if you are our customer.
You respond to our surveys
We sometimes send surveys to our customers to improve our product. Responding to our surveys is completely voluntary. We process personal data such as your name, contact details and other information you choose to share with us. We do not process any personal data if a survey is anonymous.
The purpose is to gather your feedback to continuously improve our products and services and provide you with better customer service in the future. The lawful basis is a) consent. We review this data at our regular GDPR audits and delete personal data as appropriate; however, no later than two years after responding to the survey.
You supply services to or collaborate with us
When you enter into an agreement with us either as a vendor, partner or data processor, we process personal data such as your name, contact details and correspondence. The purpose is to enter into this agreement and communicate with you before, during and after our formal business relationship.
The lawful bases are b) contract, c) legal obligation related to accounting, tax and other business laws we are required to abide by, and f) where our legitimate interests are to be able to communicate with you before, during and after our formal business relationship (described under the paragraph "
You communicate with us
" above). We store personal data for as long as we have a formal business relationship and then for up to 6 years after, in accordance with our legal obligations for accounting, tax and other business purposes.
You use our website
When you use our website, we briefly process your IP address and user agent, which are considered personal data under the GDPR. Following a
significant DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack
, we were also forced to start keeping partial access logs. We don't keep track of which pages are viewed, only the time & total requests per IP. The purposes for this processing are a) to protect against cyberattacks such as the DDoS one and b) to analyze our website traffic to optimize and run our business effectively. The lawful basis is f), where our legitimate interests protect our business against cyberattacks and optimize and run our business effectively.
PS: We don't use cookies or similar technology on our website, and we don't collect any personal data that would trigger the consent requirement under the ePrivacy Directive (
Directive 2009/136/EC
). We use our own
ePrivacy Compliant Analytics
service.
Whom we share your personal data with
To run our business efficiently and
securely
, we sometimes will have to share your personal data with other (trusted) parties such as:
Data processors
: providers of various services that process your personal data on our behalf
Our accountant
Professional advisors from other industries
, such as law and finance
IT support, when necessary
Public authorities
: when we are obliged to report to them
We require that all such recipients secure data in accordance with good information security and as per the requirements of this Privacy notice. We review and quality assure all vendors and data processors and enter into a data processing agreement/addendum whenever necessary.
We use data processors for:
Email, calendar and digital meetings
Accounting/bookkeeping
This website, including online payments providers
Transactional emails to customers
Support ticket system
We don't publish further details (like names) of our data processors to protect our business. If you'd like to know more about our processing and with whom we share your personal data, please get in touch with us. We practice
data minimization
, so we will only use data suppliers to process your personal data when required (e.g. Stripe for payment processing).
Transfer of personal data outside the EU/EEA
In some cases, your personal data will be transferred to a "third country", i.e. outside the EU/EEA. For example, where we use data processors to manage email services. We only use data processors we trust that are well known, reputable, and have a data processing agreement/addendum.
We have ensured that every data processor in a third country has necessary safeguards in place like the EU adequacy decision, standard contractual clauses (SCC) or binding corporate rules (BCR).
We conduct risk assessments for every data processor we use in our business. In addition, where your personal data is transferred outside of the EU/EEA, we conduct an additional risk assessment. We review, in particular, the data processor's technical and organizational security measures, reputation and safeguards for international transfers of personal data.
In line with the
Schrems II ruling
and the
EDPB's recommendations
, we have also conducted transfer impact assessments (TIA). We've created a new technique called
EU Isolation
to address the ruling - which is available to all customers on all plans.
If you still have any concerns or questions, please get in touch with us.
Information security
We take information security as seriously as privacy, and we will always do our utmost to safeguard your personal data in the best possible way. For example, we use strong passwords, data encryption, two-factor authentication and several other measures to secure our data and prevent unauthorized persons from accessing, altering, deleting, or in any way affecting the data we store,
including
your personal data.
We only allow others to access or process your personal data in accordance with our instructions and only when strictly necessary (e.g. in the unlikely event that we require IT support).
We have created and implemented a dedicated IT security policy for technical and organizational measures and a routine for managing data breaches. Suppose we experience a personal data breach, i.e. a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data, and it poses a medium to high risk for the people affected. In that case, we will notify the national data authority within 72 hours. If the risk is deemed high for the people affected, we will inform them directly, if possible.
Our role as a data processor
When you use Fathom Analytics on your website, we process data from your website visitors on your behalf. In this case, you are the controller of such data, and we are a data processor of yours. We comply with the requirements as per
GDPR Article 28
, like:
Only carry our processing on your behalf and as per your instructions
Use sufficient technical and organizational security measures to protect the data we process on your behalf
Require our employees to treat your data as confidential
Govern this processing by a contract (a data processing addendum) [DPA being published publicly soon]
We also engage other (sub)processors as per your general written authorization and will inform you of any intended changes regarding such (sub)processors to object to such changes, should you not agree to them.
You can view a detailed
Data journey
of what happens when you use Fathom analytics on your website. And you can explore our
privacy law compliance
section for more information.
We process minimal personal data on your behalf
Since we built Fathom Analytics from the ground up with privacy in mind, we have minimized the amount of personal data being processed to only include the IP address and User-Agent (in line with one of the fundamental principles of the GDPR;
Article 5(1)(c)
).
The IP address and User-Agent are considered personal data under the GDPR, and the lawful basis for processing is usually consent or legitimate interest. Since the IP address is provided by the internet service provider and not by the user's
terminal equipment
, we do not consider such information to constitute "information stored in the terminal equipment". IP addresses provided in that manner are therefore outside the scope of Article 5 (3), and the consent requirement will not apply under the ePrivacy Directive (
Directive 2009/136/EC
). In addition, User-Agent is not accessed from
terminal equipment
, it is sent to us by your browser, and it's impossible for us not to receive it. Note: This may change in the future as browsers move to remove user agent strings.
As per the Schrems II ruling, we process EU visitor data in the EU - learn more about
EU isolation
here.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Data
You have a right to access your personal data and request a correction if you believe it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it corrected, please get in touch with us using the contact information provided below.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or to access your information, please send a written request to:
Conva Ventures Inc.
26 Bastion Square, Third Floor Burnes House, Victoria, British Columbia, V8W 1H9, Canada.
Or send an email to:
support@usefathom.com
.
This privacy notice was last updated: July 12, 2021
Switch to a better Google Analytics alternative
Fathom Analytics is simpler, more accurate and privacy-first. Import your Google Analytics data (UA and GA4), add our single line of code, and watch real-time analytics from your site pour in.
Start a 30-day, unlimited free trial to see how simple analytics can be.
Get started
Check out our full-featured, live demo to see how our software works.
Live demo
Pricing
Features
How it works
vs Google Analytics
About Fathom
Help centre
Blog & news
Podcast: Above Board
How we process data
What's new?
Legal compliance
Contact us
Log in
or
Start a free trial
Sub-policy 1
https://www.honeycomb.io/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 11/6/2024
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and process personal information when you interact with Honeycomb, such as by visiting the Honeycomb website, or accessing and using the internet-based services offered by Honeycomb on our website
honeycomb.io
(such services, software, and the website are collectively referred to as the “Services”). This Privacy Notice does not apply to content submitted by Honeycomb customers to the Services under a customer account. If applicable, please refer to the privacy notice(s) made available by the applicable Honeycomb customer for more information regarding how such customer may use Honeycomb’s Services to process your personal information. This Privacy Notice is incorporated into, and considered a part of, the Honeycomb Terms of Service, currently located at
honeycomb.io/terms
(the “Terms”).
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The personal data we collect may vary, depending on which of our Services you access or use, or otherwise how you interact with Honeycomb. We may collect the following types of personal data:
Account Information
: We collect information you provide to create an account for our Services, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, telephone number, professional title, company name, and/or other biographical information.
Payment and Transaction Information
: We collect information such as billing address, method of payment (e.g., bank, credit, or debit details), and other transactional information regarding your purchases of our Services.
Contact and Communication Information
: If you contact us, including in connection with job applications, customer support requests, requests for product demonstrations or purchase inquiries, or otherwise, we collect the information you provide to enable us to contact you (such as name, job title, email address, physical address, phone number, or other similar contact information). We also collect records of emails, chats, and other communications with us and may record sales calls that we participate in.
Usage and Performance Information
When you use our Services (including visiting our websites), we automatically collect information related to your use of such Services and their performance,  including analytics, logs, session information regarding how you interact with the Services (which may include information such as the resources that you access, pages viewed, how much time you spent on a page, and how you reached our website), and other similar usage activity.
Device Information
: We also collect other types of information automatically when you use our Services (including visiting our websites) regarding the device you use to access such Services, such as operating system and version, IP address, your machine data, telemetry data, operating environment, and hardware profiles.
Other Information You Provide to Us
: We collect any information you may submit or otherwise provide to Honeycomb, such as feedback regarding our Services (whether in written, oral, or electronic form), your responses to forms on our websites, your responses to surveys that we have sent to you, or other information you provide when you interact with us, like contacting us on social media, interacting with us at an event or tradeshow, participating in our online forums or message boards, or registering for and/or attending demos, training sessions, or other events we offer.
Other Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
: In addition to the above, we may also collect other information about you from certain of our partners that perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing services,  sales generation and enrichment services, community monitoring and engagement services, and/or recruitment services), from your employer or other individual or organization (such as in the case where your employer or other individual or organization invites you to create an account and use our Services) or from other third parties (such as the sponsor of an event or tradeshow you attend).
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use the personal data we collect primarily to develop, operate, deliver, and improve our Services. We also may use the personal data we collect for the following purposes:
Personalization
: To personalize our Services, such as customizing your experience or making recommendations for features or functionality you may wish to use;
Communication
: To send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and other administrative messages, and respond to your requests, comments, and/or questions;
Support and Development
: To monitor and analyze trends, performance, usage and other activities in connection with and otherwise support, maintain and improve our Services and to develop new products and services;
Administer our Business
: To process transactions, fulfill orders and send related information, including confirmations, receipts, and invoices, and otherwise to administer and operate our business;
Security and Legal Compliance
: To detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, abuse, and other illegal activities, to verify your identity otherwise to help secure our Services, to comply with legal obligations, and to protect the rights and property of Honeycomb and others;
Marketing
: To market and promote our Services, which may include sending you emails and/or direct mail with information about products, services, offers, promotions, news or events offered by Honeycomb and/or others we think will be of interest to you; and
Other Purposes with Your Consent
: For any other purpose that we communicate to you and to which you consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We do not disclose or share your personal data outside of Honeycomb, except as follows:
With Other Users
: Certain features and functionality of we offer enable you to share personal data with other users of such Services, including when forming Teams or using message boards operated by Honeycomb. In addition, if you use Honeycomb’s Services on behalf of an organization, we may disclose information about you and your use of the Services to such organization.
With Providers of Third-Party Features
: Certain features and functionality available to users of Honeycomb’s Services are provided by third parties, including certain embedded video services, such as YouTube, and certain AI services that power features like Query Assistant, such as OpenAI. When you use such features and functionality, such third parties may directly collect your personal data, or we may share your personal data with such third parties, to enable such features and functionality to operate. You should review the policies of such third-party providers to understand how they collect and use the information in relation to your use of such third-party features. For example, please see
Google’s privacy policy
for details on how they use this information when you watch embedded YouTube videos. More information about Query Assistant and links to applicable third party privacy policies may be found
here
.
With Service Providers
: We may engage third party service providers to help deliver Services on our behalf (or enhance specific features within our offerings), or to perform certain tasks, at our direction. We may share your personal data with such service providers to perform such services and tasks on our behalf.
With Related Entities
: Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control, we may in the future. We may share some or all of your personal data with such related entities.
Business Transfers
: We may share your personal data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Protection and Enforcement Purposes
: We may disclose any information about you as we deem necessary in our sole discretion to: (i) enforce this Privacy Notice or the Terms, (ii) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, (iii) protect our rights, property, or safety and the rights, property and safety of the Services, our users or others, or (iv) prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable information, if permitted and practicable.
As Required by Law
: We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties that we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures. However, Honeycomb will endeavor only to disclose such information requested via a valid legal process, and will use reasonable efforts to notify any individual about whom we have disclosed
Otherwise with Your Consent
: We may otherwise disclose any information about you with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you, with others.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
: At any time, you may access and change any of your personal data in your account by editing your profile within the account management portion of our website or by sending an e-mail to us at support@honeycomb.io. You may also request deletion of your account information by email at support@honeycomb.io, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete account information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
Cookies
: We use cookies and other similar technologies on our websites for a number of purposes, including enhancing website navigation, analyzing website usage, improving our users’ experience, enhancing the security of our services, and assisting in our marketing efforts. You can manage cookies through your browser settings. The “Help” feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may have additional choices regarding how we use cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about such choices, please refer to the Location-Specific Notices section below.
. Please note that we do not currently respond to “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that might enable you to opt out of tracking on our websites.
Promotional Emails
: You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in such marketing emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or your purchases.
YOUR RIGHTS
Subject to certain limitations and exceptions allowed by law, Honeycomb honors the exercise of the following rights for individuals regardless of their location:
Access
: You have the right to request access to the personal data we process about you along with information about how we process your personal data and the categories of personal data we process.
Correction
: You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate or incomplete personal data we process about you.
Deletion
: You have the right to request that we delete personal data about you.
Depending on where you reside, you may have other rights available to you in addition to those described above. For more information, please review the
Location-Specific Notices
section below.
Individuals who wish to submit a privacy related request can either do so on their own, or through a third party, such as an authorized agent. Prior to taking action on any privacy-related request, Honeycomb takes steps to limit fraudulent activity that are designed to verify the identity of the person making the request. Failure to provide us with the information requested may result in our denial of the request. We respond to all legitimate requests within legally mandated timeframes or, to the extent the above rights are not legally mandated where you reside, we will use reasonable efforts to respond within 45 days. To exercise any of the rights above or the additional rights described in the
Location-Specific Notices
section below, please contact us using any of the methods described in the
Contact Information
section below. .
OTHER IMPORTANT DETAILS
Changes To This Privacy Notice
If we make changes to this Privacy Notice, these changes will be posted on our website in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice at any time, so please review it frequently. You can determine when this Privacy Notice was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Notice on our website.
Security Of Your Data
Honeycomb uses a variety of technical, organizational, and administrative measures designed to protect the personal data that we collect about you against unauthorized access, use and disclosure.
Data Retention
We store the personal data we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which such information was collected or for other legitimate business purposes, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. The criteria we use to determine storage periods include the applicable contractual provisions that are in force, legal statutory limitation periods, applicable regulatory requirements and industry standards.
Location Of Processing
We are headquartered in, and collect, use, and otherwise process personal data we collect or otherwise receive about you primarily in the United States but certain of our employees and service providers reside and/or operate in other jurisdictions and your personal data may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws, including as required pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension thereto, and the Swiss Extension thereto, as applicable. For more information regarding our participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension thereto, and the Swiss Extension thereto, please refer to the
Location-Specific Notices
section below.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We engage others to provide analytics services via our Services, and to serve advertisements on our behalf on other websites and online services. These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. For example, we use Google Analytics. See Google’s
privacy policy
for more information about how Google collects and uses data about you when you use our Services.
A Note About Children
We do not permit anyone under the age of 18 to register for our Services, nor do we knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal data about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 18, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you believe that a child under 18 may have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at
support@honeycomb.io
.
LOCATION-SPECIFIC NOTICES
The following sections provide additional notices and describe additional rights that may apply to you based upon where you reside:
European Economic Area, Switzerland & United Kingdom
This section provides additional disclosures for and details about rights afforded to individuals residing in any of the countries of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom:
Honeycomb’s Role
: Honeycomb acts as a controller of the personal data we collect and use in providing Services to our customers.
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
:
We may process your personal data on the following legal bases:
Contract
: We use information about you to fulfill our contractual obligations to you or to an organization (such as your employer), such as to provide our Services, provide customer service, or fulfill other transactions like processing payments.
Legitimate Interest
: We also use information about you when we have a legitimate interest in doing so, such as to help secure and improve our products and services or to detect and prevent fraud.
Legal Obligation
: We may be required to use information about you to comply with our legal obligations, such as to communicate legally required notices.
Consent
: We may ask for consent to use information about you for specific purposes. If we do, know that you can withdraw your consent at any time. Even if we are not relying on consent to use information about you, we may still provide you with choices or ask your permission before conducting a specific processing activity.
International Transfers
: Honeycomb complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-US DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Honeycomb has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the  UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Honeycomb has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Honeycomb commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-DPF should first contact Honeycomb at: privacy@honeycomb.io or Honeycomb Privacy, 548 Market Street #25362 San Francisco, CA 94104-5401.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Honeycomb commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. As explained in this Privacy Notice, Honeycomb sometimes provides Personal Data to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer Personal Data received under the Data Privacy Framework to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and we will remain liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Honeycomb is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal information that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Additional Rights
:
In addition to the access, correction, and deletion rights described above in the
Your Rights
section, you have the following rights, subject to certain limitations and exceptions allowed by law:
Restriction
: You have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data, such as by limiting to storing but not further processing.
Data Portability
: For personal data you provided to us, you have the right to request that we provide that data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit that data to another controller.
Objections
: You have the right to object to our processing, such as if you object to our processing based on legitimate interests or our direct marketing.
Revocation of Consent
: When our processing is based on your consent, you have the right to revoke that consent.
Cookies
:
Our
Cookie Notice
describes how we use cookies and similar tracking technologies.
You may use the cookie preferences functionality of our websites, which can be accessed via the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the website to manage your preferences regarding our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies.
Complaints
: You may also have further rights to lodge complaints with your local data protection authority if you have concerns about the manner in which we handle your personal data. If you reside in the EEA, please see this
directory
for contact details. If you reside in the UK, you can contact the
Information Commissioner’s Office
. For Swiss residents, please refer to the
Office of the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
.
United States
This section provides additional disclosures for and details about rights afforded to residents of certain US states, including, without limitation, California consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA,”, as well as the California Privacy Rights Act or “CPRA”, Colorado consumers under the Colorado Privacy Act or “CPA”, Connecticut consumers under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act or “CTDPA”, and Virginia consumers under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act or “VCDPA”.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
: The personal information we have collected in the last 12 months fall into the following categories established by the CPRA and other US state privacy laws:
identifiers (such as name, contact information and device identifiers);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code (such as a credit card number or other payment information);
commercial information (such as Services purchased);
internet or other network activity information (such as data about how and when you use our Services);
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
demographic information (such as in response to a survey we send you);
geolocation data;
audio, electronic, visual, thermal or similar information (such as when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise);
professional or employment-related information (such as from business contacts of our enterprise customers);
inference data (such as information about your preferences)
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received; and
other information that does not fall into any category of data described under the CCPA (such as content you upload or submit that may contain personal information).
Categories of Sources From Which We Collect Personal Information
: The above information has been collected from the following sources:
information you provide directly to us;
information we collect automatically as you use certain of our products and services; and
information we receive from other parties.
For more details about the personal information we collect, please see the
Personal Data We Collect
section above.
Purposes for Collection
: We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
Use of Your Personal Data
section above.
Categories of Third Parties Who May Receive Your Personal Information
: We may disclose this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
section above.
Sales and/or Sharing; Targeted Advertising
: Certain data collection and processing on our websites and other Services for purposes of interest-based advertising and social media tools may be deemed by applicable state laws, including the CCPA, a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information. To submit a request to opt out of targeted advertising, or the sale or sharing of your personal information, you may use the cookie preferences functionality of our websites, which can be accessed via the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the website or you may email us at
privacy@honeycomb.i
o. Please note that if you use the cookie preferences functionality of our website to opt out, your opt-out choice is specific to the digital property and to the device and browser you are using.
De-identified Data
:
Honeycomb may use de-identified data in some instances. Honeycomb either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
Non-Discrimination
: Honeycomb will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights.
Profiling
: Honeycomb does not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Additional Rights
: In addition to the access, correction, and deletion rights described above in the
Your Rights
section, you may have the following additional rights depending on the state in which you reside and subject to certain limitations and exceptions allowed by law:
Access in a Portable Format
: When exercising your right to access your personal information, you further have the right to receive such personal information in a portable format.
Opt Out of Sales/Sharing or Targeted Advertising
: The right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information and/or the use of your personal information for targeted advertising, depending on the state in which you reside. Please refer to the
Sales and/or Sharing; Targeted Advertising
section above for information regarding how to opt out of such sales or sharing of personal information.
Appeal
: The right to appeal any refusal by Honeycomb to take action on a request to exercise the rights afforded to you under applicable state law. You may exercise your right to appeal by submitting your request to appeal to Honeycomb via email at
privacy@honeycomb.io
. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to your appeal, along with a written explanation of the reasons for our decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may be entitled to contact the Attorney General in your state to submit a complaint.
CONTACT INFORMATION
We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Notice. Feel free to email comments or questions to us or contact us to exercise any of your rights as described herein at privacy@honeycomb.io or you can write us at 548 Market Street #25362, San Francisco, CA 94104-54013.
You may also reach out to our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Project Consulting Group, using the same email and mailing address provided above. If you believe that any of your rights related to the collection or use of your personal data have been infringed upon, we encourage you to contact us using the provided contact information. We are committed to promptly investigating and working to resolve reasonable complaints and disputes.
For individuals located in the EEA or the United Kingdom, you also have the option to directly contact our EEA and UK representative, Prighter Group (along with its local partners). If you want to contact us via Prighter Group, please visit the following website:
https://prighter.com/cc/honeycomb
Sub-policy 2
https://sentry.io/privacy/?original_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 3
https://docs.wiredash.io/legal/privacy/:
Skip to content
Wiredash
User driven Flutter development.
Rapidly incorporate private analytics, user feedback, promoter score surveys, and a wealth of features with the Wiredash SDK!
Get Started
View on GitHub
🚀
Ultrafast Setup
Get started with Wiredash in less than three minutes with a best in class developer experience.
🎨
Customizable
Seamlessly integrates into your app, offering full customization and harnessing Flutter's power for a super-smooth UX.
⚡️
Written in Dart
The Wiredash SDK is completely written in Dart. That makes Wiredash a first-class citizen inside the Flutter ecosystem.
📖
Open Source
The Wiredash SDK is completely open-source - we believe you should be able to read the code that you shipping with your app.