Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws, and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Instamobile website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Instamobile website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Instamobile at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on Instamobile website are provided “as is”. Instamobile makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Instamobile does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall Instamobile or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Instamobile Internet site, even if Instamobile or an Instamobile authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Communications
By creating an Account on our service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials. However, you may opt out of receiving some, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send. By giving us your e-mail, either by subscribing to our newsletter or by downloading a free or paid digital product, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials. However, you may opt out of receiving some, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Instamobile web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Instamobile does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Instamobile may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Instamobile does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Instamobile may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then-current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information. You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete. The service may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected. By making a purchase on our website, you also fully agree with our
Refund Policy
and our
Support Policy
.
With respect to your purchase of an service use right associated with a software-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service, or infrastructure-as-a-service offering operated and provided by a third party (“Third Party Service”), we are selling you an intangible right to access, use, and/or participate in such Third Party Service for a specified usage duration (a “Service Use Right”) and we are not the provider or operator of such Third Party Service. Your use of a Third Party Service is subject to the relevant terms of use or other license terms between you and the Third Party Service operator (and not us) related to such Third Party Service (“Service Terms”). You agree and acknowledge that these Terms only apply to our sale of Service Use Rights to you, and do not apply to your use of a Third Party Service. The company or entity that operates the Third Party Service is solely responsible for fulfilling, operating and providing the Third Party Service for which we resell you a Service Use Right. You agree to hold us harmless from and against any liability resulting from your use of, or inability to use, a Third Party Service, except that we (either directly or through our subcontractor) will provide reasonable customer support to you in connection with the fulfillment to you of access credentials as part of your purchased Service Use Right. We disclaim any warranties, terms or conditions as to quality, fitness for purpose, performance or correspondence with description and we do not offer any warranties or guarantees in relation to the availability, use or results from using any Third Party Service for which we sell Service Use Rights. You are advised to refer to any Service Terms with regards to determining your rights against the operator of a Third Party Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Digital MEB PRO SRL nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Instamobile
will not be responsible for any outcome that may occur during the course of usage of our resources. We reserve the rights to change prices and revise the resources usage policy in any moment. Instamobile will not be liable for any issues that you may have with any 3rd party, such as Apple, App Store, Google or Google Play Store.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. We use session cookies to personalize the website for each user. We use persistent cookies to keep tracks of referrals coming from our affiliate network. We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies. Our analytics service provider’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of the site. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Refunds
In order to maintain this high-quality bar of our services, Digital MEB PRO SRL is offering an extremely flexible refund policy. In case the product you signed up for or the product you’ve purchased is not suitable for you, you have 24 hours to inspect your purchase and determine if it does not meet the expectations laid forth by the seller. In the event that you wish to receive a refund, Digital MEB PRO SRL will issue you a refund and ask you to specify how the product failed to live up to expectations. You will also need to confirm in writing that all the downloaded materials have been permanently deleted, prior to the refund being issued.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to Instamobile.io website shall be governed by the laws of Romania, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
We control and operate Instamobile from under our company incorporated in Romania (
Digital MEB PRO SRL
). The laws of Bucharest, Romania govern these terms, and you submit to the jurisdiction of the courts there for the resolution of any dispute between us.