Last updated Jan 27, 2022
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at AM Tech Ventures Pvt Ltd, doing business as Card Insider (“Card Insider“, “we“, “us“, “our“). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at contact@cardinsider.com.
When you visit our website
https://cardinsider.com/
(the “Website“), use our mobile application, as the case may be (the “App“) and more generally, use any of our services (the “Services“, which include the Website and App), we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our Services (which, as described above, includes our Website and App), as well as, any related services, sales, marketing or events.
THIS POLICY DESCRIBES OUR POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR COLLECTION, USE, STORAGE, PROCESSING, DISCLOSURE AND PROTECTION OF ANY INFORMATION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BUSINESS OR PERSONAL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU AS A USER (hereinafter referred to as “YOU” “YOUR” or “USER”) WHILE USING THE WEBSITE. USER SHALL MEAN ANY PERSON/ PERSONS, WHO VISITS, USES, DEALS WITH AND/ OR TRANSACTS THROUGH THE WEBSITE AND INCLUDES A BROWSER.
THIS POLICY CONSTITUTES A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, AS THE USER OF THE WEBSITE, AND CARD INSIDER, AS THE OWNER OF THE WEBSITE. YOU MUST BE A NATURAL PERSON, CITIZEN OF INDIA, WHO IS ATLEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE.
BY VISITING/ ACCESSING THE WEBSITE AND VOLUNTARILY PROVIDING US WITH INFORMATION (PERSONAL AND/ OR NON- PERSONAL), YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR USE OF IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY. THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES/ APPLICATIONS THAT ARE CONNECTED VIA LINKS TO THE WEBSITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT PROCEED FURTHER TO USE/ ACCESS THIS WEBSITE.
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
Card Insider Collection of Information
Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
During Your use of the Website/mobile application, We will collect such information from You, including but not limited to:
Your name, address, date of birth, Aadhar information, contact information, billing information, marital status, Permanent Account Number (PAN) and other Know Your Customer documents etc.
Details regarding Your employment, comprising of years of experience, details of income, name of the current and previous employers, details of the office address, details regarding the years/months completed with the current employer;
Information with respect to Your income tax returns
Credit-related information that is collected from other sources like the credit bureau;
Your unique identifiers such as username preferences information and transaction history;
Information that You provide when You write directly to Us (including by e-mail) or provide Us over the telephone;
Recordings of telephonic conversations between You and our call center executives for any query or assistance;
Information with respect to IMEI code, details on whether Your phone supports dual sim cards, mobile network, name of the device, device operating systems and IP address;
Any other information that Card Insider is required to collect as per specific mandate from any bank or as a requirement under applicable law;
Clickstream data, including but not limited to the products browsed on Our Website, the pages viewed, how You navigate through the Website and interact with webpages, etc.
The information We collect about You will depend on the products and services We offer, on an ongoing basis. The information collected from You will be used in order to effectively provide Services to You. If You do not allow Us to collect all the information We request, We may not be able to deliver all of these services effectively.
Information collected through our App
We collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use our App.
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s contacts, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data.
We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed.
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Express Consent for Communication
You, while providing Your details/documents to us, including but not limited to personal information, expressly consent to Us (including its marketing channels and business partners) to contact you through SMS, call, RCS Messaging, Whatsapp and/ or e-mail and to follow up calls in relation to the services provided through Card Insider, for imparting product knowledge, offering promotional offers running on Card Insider & various other offers offered by Our business partners. If, at any point during Your engagement with Our services, wish to withdraw consent with respect to sharing personal information by You, please e-mail support@CardInsider.com. Please allow us a time period of 72 (Seventy Two) hours to process your request and purge all Your personal information.
Use of Information
We may use the information provided by You in the following ways, viz:
To establish identity and assess applications;
Monitor, improve and administer our Website;
Design and offer customized products and services offered by our third party partners, manage our risks including the risk of fraud that may be committed against Us or our partners;
Analyze how the Website is used, diagnose service or technical problems and maintain security;
Send communications notifications, information regarding the products or services requested by You or process queries and applications that You have made on the Website;
Manage Our relationship with You and provide You with or inform You about other products or services We think you might find of some use;
Conduct data analysis in order to improve the Services provided to the User;
Use the User information in order to comply with country laws and regulations;
To conduct KYC for our third party partners based on the information shared by the
User for the provision of Services
To check your previous employment details, and check PAN status, using the required details;
Use the User information in other ways permitted by law.
We will use and retain Your information for such periods as necessary to comply with Our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Our agreements.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We take various steps and measures to protect the security of your Personal Data from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We use the latest secure server layers encryption and access control on our systems.
We have provided multiple levels of security to safeguard your account by Login / Logout option. We also ensure the device binding so that the same login cannot be used on a different device without any additional authentication / OTP. Please do not share your account login, password and OTP details with anybody.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or apps which are not maintained by us. This privacy policy only applies to us. You are requested to read the other websites or apps’ privacy policies when visiting these websites.
Disclosure
We may share Your information with third parties under a confidentiality agreement for provision of Services which inter alia restricts such third parties from further disclosing the information unless such disclosure is for the purpose as detailed under that confidentiality agreement. However, We are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your personal information. Please note that by agreeing with the terms as laid out in this Privacy Policy, You also provide Your consent for Your information to be shared with third parties in the manner as described below:
We may disclose Your information to the financial service providers, banks or NBFCs and our third party partners for providing the Services as detailed under the Terms of Use;
We may share Your information with our third party partners in order to conduct data analysis in order to serve You better and provide Services;
We may disclose Your information, without prior notice, if We are under a duty to do so in order to comply with any legal obligation or an order from the government and/or a statutory authority, or in order to enforce or apply Our Terms of Use or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Us, Our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Cookie Policy
Please note that a “cookie” is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. We may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. No Personal Data will be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided Personal Data, cookies may be tied to such information.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at privacy@cardinsider.com or by post to:
AM Tech Ventures Pvt Ltd.
SCO 208, 1st Floor
Sector 14
Panchkula, Haryana 134109
India