Policy And Terms
This privacy statement applies to our practices related to the Charts-ChartMaker application, that is, protecting your private information by the application or Charts-ChartMaker is our top priority. This Privacy Policy describes how information collected and published on applications is handled.
This service fully respects your privacy rights (hereinafter referred to as "you", "your" and "user"), and hopes to protect the information you provide, and will not use or collect any personal information on this website without your permission. Any personal information you voluntarily submit / provide to the service will be processed in accordance with the highest security and confidentiality standards and will only be used for the purpose of the service and the services provided by the application. By using this application, you agree to the data practices described in this statement.
By using the application, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. The service reserves the right to change, modify, add and / or delete some terms of this privacy policy at any time at its sole discretion, with immediate effect.
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of third parties not owned, controlled or managed by the service, including but not limited to any third party website, service, application or business ("third party service"). The service is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these third-party services. This service encourages you to carefully review the privacy policies of all third-party services you access.
If you do not agree with any provision of this privacy policy, you should not download, install and use the Charts-ChartMaker application. The service can revise, change, add, amend or modify this privacy policy at any time by updating this page. By downloading, installing and / or using the application, you agree to be bound by any such change, revision, addition or modification.
1) Collect and use your personal information:
A) The service will use the personal data you provide to the service to complete your application for any service and product of the service, conduct credit check at the time of application, and understand how the service can improve its service to you. Where appropriate, the service may also use this information for internal research on the demographics, interests and behavior of users of the service, so as to provide you with the latest news and information that the service believes you may be interested in its services and / or services, and update some ancillary services or third parties of the service. This service may combine your personal information collected with information from other services or third parties to provide a better user experience and display customized content and advertising, including customized content for you. In the case of service research and analysis upgrading, product improvement, function enhancement, error repair and technological progress, the service employs a third party to provide help and assistance, and the service is required to comply with its privacy policy. In limited circumstances, the service may also share information with any third party for the sake of national security and integrity, or according to the order of any court or competent authority.
B) The service will also use your internet protocol address and e-mail address to help diagnose problems with the service server and manage applications. If you do not want your personal information to be displayed to third-party visitors, you need to contact on behalf of the service. Remember that any information disclosed in the public area of this application is actually public, and you should be careful when deciding to publish your personal data.
C) The main purpose of information collected from you by the service is to enable you to use the application and various functions and services provided on or related to the application or any website, or any services provided by the service or its associated services or its various websites. Service providers or business partners and advertisers; Record your information and details as permitted and required by applicable law, statutory instructions or judicial orders; Provide you with various publicity materials and advertising materials; And other purposes specified in this privacy policy. The service may also use your information from time to time for news or / and content recommendation, transaction email or providing you with information, direct marketing, online and offline advertising and other products, services and other preferential materials related to the service, or its parent services, sub services and ancillary services and their joint ventures. If you don't want your data to be shared, you can decide not to participate in the promotion. Promotions running on the application may be sponsored by services other than this service or co sponsored by another service. Some or all of the data collected during the promotion may be shared with the sponsor.
D) Advertising location cookies: the service and / or our service providers may use advertising cookies to place advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests.
E) In addition, the service further stated that the service tracked some traffic data. Every time a visitor visits the application, the server of the application will record some basic technical information, such as operating system, device information, platform, visitor's domain name, recommendation data, demographic information, etc. The service also processes visitors' activities through the application. All these information are statistical information. The service is not allowed to identify you or contact you in any way. In addition, when you visit this website, this service uses third-party advertising services to advertise. These services may use information about your visit to this website and other websites (excluding your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) to provide advertisements for goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to learn more about this practice and about the choice not to let these services use this information, please contact haorendashu@onetimesemail.com Contact service
2) Compliance with the law:
A) The service cooperates with authorized government and law enforcement agencies or any third party in accordance with the legal orders in force at that time to implement and comply with the law. The service will also disclose any information about you to the government and law enforcement agencies or private parties without your permission, because the service, in its sole discretion, deems it necessary or appropriate to respond to effective claims and legal procedures to protect the property and rights of applications or third parties, to protect the safety of the public or anyone, or to prevent or prevent any illegal Unethical or legally actionable activities. The service may also provide your information to tax authorities at their request or request.
B) Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that data transmission on the Internet is completely secure. Therefore, although we strive to protect your personal information, the service cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to the service through the Internet, and you need to bear your own risk. Once the service receives your transmission, the service will make its reasonable efforts to ensure its safety and security on the service system. Nothing contained in this policy is intended to establish a contract or agreement between the service and any user who provides identifiable information in any form.
C) We will take all necessary measures to comply with this privacy policy; However, to the extent permitted by law, nothing in this policy is intended to make the service liable for any failure to comply with this privacy policy.
3) You accept these privacy policy terms:
A) By using this application, you accept this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you may not access or use this application. If you continue to access or use the application after the changes in this privacy policy are published, it will be deemed that the user has accepted these changes.
4) Contact us:
A) If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this application or your transactions with the application or any functions or any legal inquiries about the application, please contact this service by email haorendashu@onetimesemail.com.
B) This document was last updated on September 3, 2021.
本隐私声明适用于我们与Charts-ChartMaker应用程序相关的做法，即“应用程序”或“Charts-ChartMaker”保护您的私人信息是我们的首要任务。本隐私政策描述了在应用程序上收集和发布的信息的处理方式。
本服务充分尊重您（以下简称“您”、“您的”、“用户”）的隐私权，并希望保护您提供的信息，并将未经您的许可，不得在本网站上使用或收集任何个人信息。您自愿向本服务提交/提供的任何个人信息将按照最高的安全和保密标准进行处理，并仅用于本服务和应用程序提供的服务之目的。通过使用该应用程序，您同意本声明中描述的数据实践。
使用应用程序即表示您同意本隐私政策的条款，服务保留自行决定随时更改、修改、添加和/或删除本隐私政策部分条款的权利，立即生效这种变化。
本隐私政策不适用于本服务不拥有、控制或管理的第三方的做法，包括但不限于任何第三方网站、服务、应用程序或业务（“第三方服务”）。 本服务不对这些第三方服务的内容或隐私政策负责。 本服务鼓励您仔细查看您访问的所有第三方服务的隐私政策。
如果您不同意本隐私政策的任何规定，您不应下载、安装和使用子弹日记应用程序。 本服务可以通过更新此页面随时修订、更改、添加、修正或修改本隐私政策。下载、安装和/或使用本应用程序，即表示您同意受任何此类更改、修订、添加或修改的约束。
1) 收集和使用您的个人信息：
A) 本服务将使用您提供给本服务的个人资料，用于完成您对本服务任何服务和产品的申请、在申请时进行信用检查，以及了解本服务如何改进其服务给你。在适当的情况下，本服务还可能将这些信息用于有关本服务用户人口统计、兴趣和行为的内部研究，以便向您提供本服务认为您可能对其服务和/或服务感兴趣的最新消息、信息、更新本服务的一些附属服务或第三方。本服务可能会将收集到的您的个人信息与来自其他服务或第三方的信息相结合，以提供更好的用户体验，显示定制内容和广告，包括为您定制内容。在服务研究和分析升级、产品改进、功能增强、错误修复和技术进步的情况下，服务聘请第三方提供帮助和协助，服务要求遵守其隐私政策。在有限的情况下，为了国家安全和完整性，或根据任何法院或主管当局的命令，本服务还可能与任何第三方共享信息。
B) 服务还将使用您的互联网协议地址和电子邮件地址来帮助诊断服务服务器的问题并管理应用程序。如果您不希望您的个人信息显示给第三方访问者，您需要代表该服务联系。请记住，在此应用程序的公共区域中披露的任何信息实际上都是公开的，您在决定发布您的个人数据时应谨慎行事。
C) 本服务向您收集信息的主要目的是让您使用本应用程序以及本应用程序或任何网站上提供的或与之相关的各种功能和服务，或本服务或其关联服务或其各种网站提供的任何服务。服务提供商或业务合作伙伴和广告商；在适用法律、法定指示或司法命令允许和要求的情况下记录您的信息和详细信息；为您提供各种宣传材料和广告材料；以及本隐私政策中规定的其他用途。本服务还可能不时将您的信息用于新闻或/和内容推荐、交易电子邮件或向您提供信息、直接营销、在线和离线广告以及其他与本服务有关的产品、服务和其他优惠的材料或其母服务、子服务和附属服务及其合资企业。如果您不希望您的数据被共享，您可以决定不参加促销活动。在应用程序上运行的促销活动可能由本服务以外的服务赞助，也可能由另一家服务共同赞助。促销期间收集的部分或全部数据可能会与赞助商共享。
D) 广告定位 cookie：本服务和/或我们的服务提供商可能会使用广告 cookie 来投放与您和您的兴趣更相关的广告。
E) 此外，服务进一步声明服务追踪了一些交通数据。每次访问者访问该应用程序时，该应用程序的服务器都会记录一些基本技术信息，例如操作系统、设备信息、平台、访问者的域名、推荐数据、人口统计信息等。本服务也通过该应用程序处理访问者的活动.所有这些信息都是统计信息，不允许服务识别您的身份或以任何方式与您联系。此外，当您访问本网站时，本服务使用第三方广告服务来投放广告。这些服务可能会使用有关您访问本网站和其他网站的信息（不包括您的姓名、地址、电子邮件地址或电话号码）来提供有关您感兴趣的商品和服务的广告。如果您想了解有关此做法的更多信息，并了解有关不让这些服务使用此信息的选择，请通过 haorendashu@onetimesemail.com 与服务联系
2) 遵守法律：
A) 服务根据当时有效的法律命令与授权的政府和执法机构或任何第三方合作，以执行和遵守法律。服务还将在未经您许可的情况下向政府和执法机构或私人方披露有关您的任何信息，因为服务自行决定认为有必要或适当回应有效的索赔和法律程序，以保护应用程序或第三方的财产和权利，以保护公众或任何人的安全，或防止或阻止任何非法、不道德或合法可诉的活动。本服务也可能应各税务机关的要求或要求，向其提供您的信息。
B) 不幸的是，不能保证互联网上的数据传输是完全安全的。因此，虽然我们努力保护您的个人信息，但本服务无法确保或保证您通过互联网传输给本服务的任何信息的安全性，您需自行承担风险。一旦服务收到您的传输，服务将尽其合理努力确保其在服务系统上的安全和保障。本政策中包含的任何内容均不旨在在服务与以任何形式提供可识别信息的任何用户之间建立合同或协议。
C) 我们将采取一切必要措施遵守本隐私政策；然而，在法律允许的范围内，本政策中的任何内容均不旨在让服务对任何未能遵守本隐私政策的行为承担责任。
3) 您接受这些隐私政策条款：
A) 使用此应用程序，即表示您接受本隐私政策。如果您不同意本隐私政策，您不得访问或使用本应用程序。您在本隐私政策的更改发布后继续访问或使用应用程序将被视为用户接受这些更改。
4) 联系我们：
A) 如果您对本隐私政策、本应用程序的做法或您与应用程序的交易或任何功能或有关应用程序的任何法律查询有任何疑问，请通过电子邮件与 本服务联系 haorendashu@onetimesemail.com。
B) 本文件最后更新于 2021 年 9 月 3 日。