About Us
You Complete Us
Everything we do is about you. From the chefs who create exciting new flavors, to the experienced baristas who know exactly how to brew a perfect cup of coffee for you - we prioritize what you need to get you on your way. We strive to keep you at your best, and we remain loyal to you, your tastes and your time. After all, that’s what the UAE runs on.
More
Menu
Hot Drinks
Freshly crafted beverages served hot in a variety of delicious flavors.
Iced Drinks
Crisp. Cold. Delicious. Ask to try your favorite beverages served over ice.
Bakery
Enjoy a classic bakery item with your favorite beverage.
Donuts
Every shape, any size and irresistibly delicious each bite will brighten your day.
All-Day Breakfast
Freshly made with delicious ingredients, these items are stacked with flavor.
Brew At Home
Enjoy your favorite coffee at home.
Catering
Locations
Deals
Privacy Policy
Learn all about Dunkin' UAE Privacy Policy
Dunkin’s Privacy Statement
We approach data and privacy as we approach everything we do: we put people first. We believe that taking care of you includes taking care of your personal data and privacy. Grab a donut and a cup of coffee and learn more below.
Date Revised: 24 Feb, 2022
Overview
Date Revised: 24 Feb, 2022
This privacy policy applies to your access and use of any Dunkin' UAE (including Continental foods LLC and Dunkin’®) online services that post a link to this privacy policy, including our websites, applications, platforms, loyalty program, stored value cards, and other online programs. By downloading or using any of the Dunkin’ UAE online services, you are agreeing that you have read and agree to be bound by this privacy policy, our terms of use, and consent to our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities described in this privacy policy. If you disagree with any part of this privacy policy or our terms of use, then please do not use any of Dunkin’ UAE online services.
1. Applicability and Scope
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information that Dunkin' UAE and its affiliates (“Dunkin' UAE or “we” or “us”) collects from you when you visit www.Dunkin.ae and other parts of Dunkin’ UAE, and how we use, share and protect that information.
Please note, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through any other entity sites that link to or are accessible from Dunkin’ UAE Online Services. Please read on for more details about our Privacy Policy.
3. What Kind of Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide
Whether you are accessing Dunkin’ UAE Online Services from your home computer, mobile phone, or other device, Dunkin’ UAE and its agents collect information you directly provide. For example, we collect information when you register an account, join our loyalty program (hereinafter “Loyalty Program”), enroll to our mailing lists or text message campaigns, locate a restaurant, apply for a job, interact with customer care, or otherwise communicate or transact with us through the Dunkin’ UAE’s Online services. The information we collect includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you (“personal information”). The categories of information we collect, which include the kinds of information we have collected, include the following:
Name and Contact Data:
We collect your first and last name; mailing address; telephone number; email address, and other similar contact data.
Credentials:
We collect username and password, and similar security information (for account authentication and administration).
Demographic Data:
We collect information about your interests and activities, your gender, month and day of birth, and other demographic information.
Contacts:
In some cases, and with your consent, we collect information that you provide about others, including first and last name, email address, and phone number of your personal contacts, such as when you send your contacts benefits, coupons, or gifts. We will use the information you provide to fulfill your requests, including (if applicable) sending them a text message among other ways of communication. Such functionality is intended only for United Arab Emirates residents. By using this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the UAE and that you have your contacts’ consent for us to use their contact information to fulfill your request.
Content:
We collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and information you provide to customer service. We also collect the content of your communications as necessary to provide you with the Dunkin’ Online Services you use.
Contests/Promotions:
We collect additional information necessary for the administration of certain promotional events or features of our Loyalty Program; and Resume Data. We collect data as necessary to consider you for a job opening if you submit an application to us, such as your employment and education history, transcript, writing samples, and references.
Data We Collect Automatically
Some data is collected automatically by us or by service providers performing business functions at our direction, including when you access the Website and use the Application (where applicable), open emails we send or click certain links within them, or otherwise interact with our services. For example:
Device Usage and Location Data – We collect certain data using cookies to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide our services to you.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use your personal data for business and commercial purposes, including to provide the products and services you may request, to perform customer service functions, for marketing and promotional purposes, and to perform website / App analytics.
For our Legitimate Business Purposes: We process certain personal data in our legitimate business interests and in your legitimate interests.
To Communicate with You. We process certain data in order to communicate with you in relation to your accounts, our services, our marketing, and your requests, including to:
Allow users to access and browse the Website / App;
Respond to your customer service inquiries and requests for information;
Post your comments or statements on the Website / App.
For Research, Development, and Improvement of Our Services. We want to ensure that the Website / App and services are continually improving and expanding so that we meet and exceed your needs and expectations. To do so, we process certain personal data, including to:
Maintain, improve, and analyze our App, Website, ads, and the products and services we offer; and detect, prevent, or investigate suspicious activity or fraud.
To Enforce our Terms, Agreements, or Policies. To maintain a safe, secure, and trusted environment for you when you use the App / Website, and other services, we use your personal data to ensure our terms, policies, and agreements with you and any third parties are enforced.
4. How We Disclose Information We Collect
We share your personal data as needed to fulfill the purposes described in this Statement and as permitted by applicable law. This includes sharing between Dunkin’ UAE & Continental foods LLC, among affiliated entities for internal business purposes, sharing with service providers to help perform business functions at our direction, sharing with your consent, sharing for marketing purposes, sharing as part of corporate transactions, and sharing to protect lawful interests. We share personal data in the following circumstances:
Collaboration & Partnership
– We share data with subsidiaries and affiliated companies for business purposes.
Service Providers
– We share your personal data with service providers that provide us with support services, such as: Website hosting and management; customer care services (such as assistance with responding to data subject access requests); analytics services; and conducting research. We contractually limit these service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing your personal data for any purpose other than performing agreed upon services for us.
Business Transactions
– If we become involved with a merger, corporate transaction or another situation involving the transfer of some or all of our business assets, we may share your personal data with business entities or people involved in the negotiation or transfer.
Sharing Helps Us Protect Safety and Lawful Interests
– We disclose personal data if we believe that the disclosure is required by law or legal process, if we believe that the disclosure is necessary to enforce our agreements or policies, or if we believe that the disclosure will help us protect our rights, property, health or safety of our customers or partners.
When You Post on the App / Website
– If you post data on a blog or another part of the Website (where applicable), the data that you post may be seen by other visitors to the App / Website, including your username.
Vendors
- We share information with vendors, including analytics and advertising technology companies. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on advertising and analytics, see the “Advertising and Analytics” section below.
Contests, Promotions
– We offer contests, surveys, and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”) jointly sponsored or offered by separate entities that may require submitting information. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules that govern the Promotion, as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a Promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that Promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Sharing at Your Request
– We disclose information in order to perform services you request or functions you initiate, such as when you post information and materials on our message boards and forums. When you post information in a public forum it becomes public information, and you are solely responsible for that information. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to the additional rights set out in the “Your Rights and Choices” section below. In addition, we may disclose information in order to identify you to anyone to whom you send communications through Dunkin’ UAE & Continental Foods LLC Online Services, including through our gifting program.
Consent
– We share information for any other purpose disclosed to you and with your consent. Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information which does not identify you or de-identified information about you except as prohibited by applicable law.
We also share data in a way that does not directly identify you. For example, in some cases we share data about your use of the Website / App in a manner that does not identify you; for example, aggregated data for statistical analysis and other business purposes.
5. Retention and Disposal of Your Personal Data
We store personal data as needed to accomplish the purposes identified in this Statement and to meet legal requirements, including record retention, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Our retention of your personal data is governed by applicable law. This storage period may extend beyond the term of your relationship with us.
As a general rule, we keep your personal data for only as long as it is needed to complete the purpose for which it was collected or as required by law. We may need to keep your personal data for longer than our specified retention periods to honor your requests or to comply with legal, regulatory, accounting or other obligations. E.g., personal data contained in contracts, communications, and business letters may be subject to statutory retention requirements, which may require retention.
6. Children
We do not intend for the Website or online services to be used by children. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may have collected data about your child, please contact us immediately as described in the Contact Us section of this Statement. For more information, please see our Terms of Use.
7. Contact Us
We welcome your questions, comments and concerns about privacy. You can contact Dunkin’ UAE via email at appsupport@dunkin.ae If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with Dunkin’ UAE. We would appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry first to us per the Contact Us section below.
TERMS OF USE
Please read these terms of use carefully. By accessing or participating in Dunkin UAE rewards program, you agree to be bound by these terms and all terms incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these terms, do not access or participate in the Dunkin’ rewards program.
These Terms of Use apply to your access to, and participation in, the Dunkin’ Rewards program in the UAE ("Dunkin’ Rewards"), which is operated by Continental Foods LLC or its respective subsidiaries, licensees and affiliated companies (collectively, "Dunkin’ UAE"). These Terms of Use do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Dunkin’ UAE for other products or services.
❖ Eligibility
The Sites are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. A USER MUST BE AT LEAST AGE 13 TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITES. If the User is between the ages of 13 and 18, he or she may only use the Sites under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms.
In order to participate in certain areas of our Sites, you will need to register for an account. You agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify Dunkin’ UAE if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the Sites; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.
❖ Privacy
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully to understand how Dunkin’ UAE collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from its users. By accessing or using the Sites, you consent to all actions that we take with respect to your data consistent with our Privacy Policy.
❖ Links to Sites
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create text hyperlinks to the Sites for noncommercial purposes, provided such links do not portray Dunkin’ UAE in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner, and provided further that the linking site does not contain any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. In addition, you may not use Dunkin’ UAE ' logo or other proprietary graphics to link to our Sites without our express written permission. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Dunkin’ UAE trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at the Sites, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page on the Sites without our express written consent. Except, as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary right of Dunkin’ UAE or any third party. Dunkin’ UAE makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of websites linking to the Sites. Such sites are not under the control of Dunkin’ UAE and Dunkin’ UAE is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites.
❖ Indemnification
The User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Dunkin’ UAE, its parent, subsidiary and other affiliated companies, independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors (“Dunkin’ UAE Indemnitees”) from any and all claims, suits, damages, costs, lawsuits, fines, penalties, liabilities, and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements on a solicitor-client basis) (“Claims”) that arise from or relate to the User’s use or misuse of the Sites, violation of these Terms, violation of any rights of a third party, any User Content or Ideas you provide, or your conduct in connection with the Sites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this indemnification provision shall not apply to any Claims caused by a Dunkin’ UAE Indemnitee’s sole negligence. Dunkin’ UAE reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the User, in which event the User will cooperate in asserting any available defenses.
❖ Warranties; Disclaimers
Save as set out to the contrary in these terms, Dunkin’ UAE is providing the sites to the user “as is” and the user is using the sites at his or her own risk. To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, Dunkin’ UAE disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, including any warranties that the sites are merchantable, reliable, available, accurate, fit for a particular purpose or need, non-infringing, free of defects or viruses, able to operate on an uninterrupted basis, that the use of the sites by the user is in compliance with laws applicable to the user, or that user information transmitted in connection with the sites will be successfully, accurately, or securely transmitted or received. The materials and information on the sites may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
❖ No Liability
directors, employees, shareholders or agents (a) be liable to the user with respect to use of the sites, the content or the materials contained in or accessed through the sites (including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from reliance by a user on any information obtained from Dunkin’ UAE), or any damages that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to dunkin’ uae records, programs or services; and (b) be liable to the user for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, lost profits, loss, theft or corruption of user information, or the inability to use the sites or any of their features. The user’s sole remedy is to cease use of the sites. Nothing in these terms limits the liability of dunkin’ uae for death or personal injury caused by its negligence, fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation or misstatement or for any statutory rights not capable of limitation under applicable law. Third Party Content, Sites, Products and Services (including Advertising and Promotions) Dunkin’ UAE may provide third party content on the Sites (including embedded content) or links to third-party web pages, content, applications, products and services, including advertisements and promotions (collectively, “Third Party Content”) as a service to those interested in this information. We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third Party Content, including that the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by Dunkin’ UAE of any site or any information contained therein, and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. You acknowledge and agree that Dunkin’ UAE is not responsible or liable in any manner for any Third Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to update or review such Third Party Content. You agree to use such Third Party Content contained therein at your own risk. When you visit other sites via Third Party Content, or participate in promotions or business dealings with third parties, you should understand that our terms and policies no longer govern, and that the terms and policies of those third party sites will now apply. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from our Sites. You must comply with any applicable third party terms when using the Sites.
Dunkin’ UAE reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the sites/ applications or any features or portions thereof without prior notice. You agree that Dunkin’ UAE will not be liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites or any part thereof.
❖ Modifications to the sites or applications
Dunkin’ UAE reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the sites/ applications or any features or portions thereof without prior notice. You agree that Dunkin’ UAE will not be liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites or any part thereof.
❖ Changes in Terms
Dunkin’ UAE reserves the right to change or modify these Terms of Use or any policy, FAQ, or guideline pertaining to Dunkin’ Rewards, in whole or in part, at any time and at its sole discretion. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately and may be posted to www.Dunkin.ae, so please check back from time to time. You waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications, and your continued access to or participation in Dunkin’ Rewards following any such changes or modifications confirms your acceptance. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must stop accessing and participating in Dunkin’ Rewards.
EARN & REDEEM
EARNING DUNKIN’ POINTS
The Rewards that are available to you through Dunkin’ Rewards are based on the number of points that you earn. You can earn Points by making purchases at participating Dunkin’ stores in the United Arab Emirates in the following ways:
Customers earn points on every transaction made at Dunkin’, collecting 10 Points for every AED 1.
POINTS EXPIRATION
Points collected will have 1 year to be redeemed at any Dunkin’ branch located in the UAE before they expire.
REDEEMING POINTS FOR REWARDS
For each reward, you’ll need a certain number of points to unlock it, and you’ll be able to unlock it when you reach the required count.
QUICK LINK
About Us
Menu
Catering
Locations
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://dunkin.ae/Privacy_Policy:
Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Loading…
{"id": "1WcTX7XgFP0nqNWayo551lTnvqn6FPKeH", "title": "Dunkin UAE - Personal Data Protection \x26 Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading more pages. Retrying...
Dunkin UAE - Personal Data Protection & Privacy Policy.pdf
Dunkin UAE - Personal Data Protection & Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment