1. INTRODUCTION
We manage our business with the principles indicated in this Privacy Policy in order to make sure that the confidentiality of personal information is secured and managed. Users’ access to the Mobile Application, “Family Tracker” and use of the Services offered on the Mobile Application by Pepperbit Online GmbH is subject to this Privacy Policy. By accessing the Mobile Application and by sustaining to use the Services provided, you accept this Privacy Policy, and in particular, you are deemed to have consented to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described hereby. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, you must immediately discontinue accessing the Mobile Application and using the Services.
2. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
As part of the regular functionality of our Services, we collect, use and, in some cases, disclose information about you to third parties. This Privacy Policy has been developed in a way for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of your personal information when the Services on the Mobile Application are used:
2.1. We will describe the reasons for which information is being collected, before or at the time of collecting personal information from you:
Registration and Profile Information. When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, first and last name, email address, mobile phone number and photo, if you choose to have a photo associated with your account. We may collect billing information when you sign up for Premium service. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network.
Geolocation. We collect your unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our Service. We collect the location of your designated Location Alerts to provide notifications when you arrive and leave a special Place. If you turn off location sharing we will not share your location with your family members; however, while you are logged in to your account, we will continue to collect your location information in order to provide the Service (for example, to provide our services or to share your location with members you allow to see your location). We maintain location information only so long as it is reasonable to provide the Service and then destroy the location data.
3. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1. To make our service available. We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services, such as: create your account and identify you as a user.
3.2. To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
3.3. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile «SDK.» The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below or in the app (as applicable).
4. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We will only keep personal information as long as needed to fulfill the purposes identified. We will protect personal information by reasonable security protections against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, or modification.
5. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Because we’re always looking for new and innovative ways to help you enjoy our services, this policy may change over time. We will notify you of any material changes so that you have time to review the changes.
6. EU Consent Policy and Personalized Experience
6.1 What type of personal data will be processed?
Depending on your Privacy Settings, our partners may collect and process personal data such as device identifiers, language, location data, geolocation and other demographic and interest data about you to provide you with the most relevant experience when using this app.
6.2. Why is such data processed? Who will be processing the data?
Your consent to collect personal data in the app personalizes your experience (ad and usage) via numerous advertising and analytics partners. It will allow you to remember your preferred language choice, show you more targeted ads, check for fraud, share with our partners who will then sell you their services or show ads which are more relevant to you, as well as it will help to identify bugs and problems in the app if they appear.
6.3. When will processing take place? How do I withdraw my consent?
Once you agree to collect your personal data, the app starts processing it. Depending on partner type, user data is stored hours or months to enhance your experience in the app and erased once it becomes no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. If you change your mind later to withdraw your consent, you can always opt in by disabling the Limit Ad Tracking setting on your mobile device and then revisiting this app. If you consent to us and our partners personalizing your experience in a different app, we’ll collect data via that app.
6.4. How do I erase my personal data?
According to EU GDPR law, Controllers have an obligation to delete data that was processed on the basis of consent once that consent is withdrawn. If you no longer desire our service, please apply to supportgetlocation.org and include you IDFA, app’s store URL in email subject and email body
7. Contact us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
hello.familytracker@gmail.com
Last modified date: This Privacy Notice was modified on March 09, 2023
Go to
Terms of Use
.