We're sorry but SOOS doesn't work properly without
        JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Back
PRIVACY NOTICE
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated January 09, 2022
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at xinyuan ltd t/a soos ("
Company
," "
we
," "
us
," or "
our
"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at hr@fudiandmore.ie.
This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:
§
Download and use our mobile application — soos
§
Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
In this privacy notice, if we refer to:
§
"
App
," we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy, including any listed above
§
"
Services
," we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or events
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You.
We collect phone numbers; email addresses; names; passwords; and other similar information.
Payment Data.
We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by rapyd. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here:
https://www.rapyd.net/privacypolicy/
.
Social Media Login Data.
We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called "
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
" below.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information collected through our App
In Short:
We collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use our App.
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
§
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's camera, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
§
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
§
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract. See the section below headed "
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
" for further information.
§
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on our App that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at cs@fudiandmore.ie and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
§
Request feedback.
We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our App.
§
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
§
To manage user accounts.
We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
§
To send administrative information to you.
We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
§
To protect our Services.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our App safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
§
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
§
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
§
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the App.
§
Administer prize draws and competitions.
We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
§
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.
We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
§
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
§
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
§
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
§
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
§
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
§
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
§
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
§
Google Maps Platform APIs.
We may share your information with certain Google Maps Platform APIs (e.g., Google Maps API, Place API). To find out more about Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this
link
.
We obtain and store on your device ('cache') your location. You may revoke your consent anytime by contacting us at the contact details provided at the end of this document.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice.
5. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short:
If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our App offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public on such social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant App. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the App, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the App. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at cs@fudiandmore.ie.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom (UK), you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA and UK), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the
contact details
provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at cs@fudiandmore.ie.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
§
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our App. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our App visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Opting out of email marketing:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list — however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
§
Contact us using the contact information provided.
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the App, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the App. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the App, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at cs@fudiandmore.ie or by post to:
xinyuan ltd t/a soos
__________
__________
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking
here
.
This privacy policy was created using Termly's
Privacy Policy Generator
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.rapyd.net/privacypolicy/:
Skip to content
Unlock payment insights from High-Opportunity Industries. Join our exclusive MRC webinar on Nov 20.
Register Now
Updated: December 2023
Who We Are
The Rapyd group of companies, which includes Rapyd Financial Network (2016) Ltd. ,Rapyd Payments Limited, Neat Limited, Rapyd Holdings Pte Ltd, CashDash UK Limited, and Rapyd Europe hf. (together with certain other Rapyd group companies –
“Rapyd”, “we”, “our”
or
“us”
) provides a fintech-as-a-service platform (
“Platform”
) and operates the world’s largest local payment network. The Platform allows for the integration of local payments methods into digital applications from one single API, the effective performance of cross-jurisdictional transactions, company registration and incorporation, card issuing, consumer credit issuing, and other financial-related services (together with the Platform and Portals, the
“Services”
).
Our financial services are operated through the Rapyd API and business portals (the “
Portals
”), available at: at https://dashboard.rapyd.net/, https://api.rapyd.net/, and others.
Application of this Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy applies to any individual using our Services, and it describes our practices with respect to the collection and processing of Personal Data. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Data
” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual.
If you are a website visitor, a member of our Rapyd Developer Community, or a participant in our events and challenges, please refer to
this
privacy policy.
Our local Rapyd entities enable our global operation, and the identity of the Rapyd entity who is your Data Controller, is based on the Client’s location. For more information, please see below:
Client’s Location
Data Controller
Registered Address
European Economic Area
Rapyd Europe hf.
Dalshraun 3, 220 Hafnarfjörður, Iceland
Singapore
Rapyd Holdings Pte Ltd.
7 Teo Hong Road, Singapore 088324
Hong Kong
Neat Limited/Neat Asia Limited
20/F, Spaces, LKF Tower, 33 Wyndham Street, Central, Hong Kong
UK
Rapyd Payments Limited /
CashDash UK Limited
Rapyd suite 26, Weston business  Centre, Parsonage Road, Takeley, Essex, CM22 6PU, England
Rest of World
Please contact our DPO for more details.
We are strongly committed to making our practices regarding our use and processing of your Personal Data transparent and fair, and we respect your privacy as:
Rapyd’s Clients
: Rapyd has two types of Clients:
Merchants:
you are a Merchant if you are an individual or business that collects from, disburses to or otherwise facilitates payments for your End-Users with the use of the Services.
Platforms
: you are a Platform if you integrate Rapyd payments solutions into your own environment in order to facilitate payments for your End-Users or Merchants.
In this Privacy Policy, the term “
Clients
” refers to Merchants and Platforms, and includes their employees, directors, shareholders and ultimate beneficial owners (whenever applicable).
End-Users
: individuals transacting with or through a Client with the use of the Services, individuals who are issued payment cards by our banking partners or individuals who are provided consumer loans.
Beneficiaries
: individuals who receive payments, such as disbursements from End Users or Clients but are not End Users themselves. In this Privacy Policy, Beneficiaries and End Users are collectively referred to as “
Users
”.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding:
Data Collection
Data Uses
Data Location and Retention
Data Sharing
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Communications
Data Security
Data Subject Rights
Automated Decision Making
Additional Notices
Additional Terms for California Residents
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you fully understand and agree to it. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please discontinue and avoid using our Services.
You are not legally required to provide us with any Personal Data, but without it we will not be able to provide you with the full range of Services or with the best user experience when using our Services.
1. Data Collection
This section sets the categories of Personal Data we collect. Depending on how you integrated with our Services, we may receive your Personal Data directly from you, from the Client, of from our Service Provider (as defined below):
(i)
End-User Data:
we collect the following Personal Data relating to End-Users:
Contact information:
such as first and last name, email address, home address, date of birth, phone number, and in some instances a photo and national identity number (such as a social security number).
Financial Information:
such as bank and billing account details, bank statements, payment card information, consumer credit report and credit history.
Know your Customer (“KYC”) or Know your Business (“KYB”) Information:
in certain circumstances, Rapyd may process a copy of an End User’s current ID (such as a national ID or passport), driver’s license, a frontal facial picture, nationality, credit history, tax information and/or a recent utility bill.
Transaction Information:
information regarding the End-User’s transaction through the Services, and additional financial information which may be required to process or support transactions, such as credit card details, debit card details, amount of transaction, and date and time of the transaction.
Digital Wallet Information:
such as digital wallet number and information regarding digital wallet transactions.
Usage Information:
such as connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data and activity logs, log-in and log-out time, IP addresses, device and mobile app data (such as type, OS, device ID, app version, browser version, locale, time-zone and language settings used), session recordings and analytics, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on the device.
(ii)
Client Data:
we collect the following information regarding Clients who are individuals, or information regarding the directors, shareholders and ultimate beneficial owners if the Client is a corporate entity:
Contact information:
such as first and last name, email address, home address, date of birth, phone number and in some instances national identity number (such as a social security number).
Know your Customer (“KYC”) or Know your Business (“KYB”) Information:
in certain circumstances, Rapyd may process a copy of a Client’s current ID (such as a national ID or passport), driver’s license, a frontal facial picture, nationality, credit history, tax information and/or a recent utility bill.
Account Data:
such as company name and position, account login credentials (usernames and hashed passwords), employment status, employer’s name and other relevant employment information, as well as any other data you choose to provide when you use our Services, create a user account or contact us.
Financial Information:
such as bank and billing account details and payment card information.
Transaction Information
: information regarding the Client’s transaction with an End-User such as your digital wallet number and wallet transactions, bank and billing account details, bank statements, payment card information and any additional information which may be required to process transactions.
Usage Information:
such as connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data and activity logs, log-in and log-out time, IP addresses, device and mobile app data (such as type, OS, device ID, app version, browser version, locale, time-zone and language settings used), session recordings and analytics, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on the device.
(iii
)
Beneficiary Data
: we collect the following Personal Data about Beneficiaries:
Contact information:
such as first and last name, email address, home address, date of birth, phone number and in some instances national identity number (such as a social security number).
Financial Information:
such as bank account details.
Transaction Information:
information regarding the transaction made to the beneficiary through the Services.
2. Data Uses
We use Personal Data as necessary for the performance of our Services and in reliance on the following legal bases:
Purpose
Legal basis for processing
To facilitate, operate, and provide our Service.
Legitimate Interest
Performance of a Contract
To authenticate the identity of Clients and End Users and to allow them access to our Services.
Legitimate Interest
Performance of a Contract
To provide our Clients and Users with assistance and support.
Legitimate Interest
Performance of a Contract
To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Service.
Legitimate Interest
To facilitate and optimize our marketing campaigns, ad management and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our products and services more effectively, including on other websites and applications.
Legitimate Interest
Consent (where required)
To contact our Clients with general or personalized messages and communications, as further described under Section 6 below.
Legitimate Interest
Consent (where required)
To protect against fraud or unauthorized transactions and prevent and monitor fraud across the Services.
Legitimate Interest
To comply with applicable laws and regulations, including by performing KYC/KYB inquiries and compliance checks, and to respond to valid legal process requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities.
Compliance with a legal obligation
To comply with rules imposed by payment network rules (e.g. network rules for card schemes) and to enforce our contractual rights.
Legitimate Interest
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating malicious or fraudulent activity and security incidents or any illegal or prohibited activity.
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
If you reside or are using the Services (i) in a territory governed by privacy laws which determine that “consent” is the only or most appropriate legal basis for processing Personal Data (in general, or specifically with respect to the types of Personal Data you choose to share via the Service), your acceptance of our terms and conditions and of this Privacy Policy will be deemed as your consent to the processing of your Personal Data for all purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy. We may also obtain express consent from you separately (e.g. for the purpose of sending direct marketing), in which case we will proceed to process your Personal Data on the basis of such express consent. If you wish to revoke such consent, please contact us by email at
privacy@rapyd.net
.
Data Location and Retention
Data Location.
Given the global nature of our Services, your Personal Data may be maintained, processed and stored by our Service Providers (as defined below) in the United States of America (U.S.), the State of Israel, Singapore, the European Economic Area (“
EEA”
), Iceland, the UK, Hong Kong, Dubai, and other jurisdictions, as necessary for the proper delivery of our Services, or as may be required by law. For data transfers from the EEA or the UK to countries which are not considered by the European Commission and the UK Secretary of State to be offering an adequate level of data protection, we and the relevant data importers have entered into Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission and UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Data Retention.
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as we deem it as reasonably necessary for the purposes listed above,  in order to maintain and expand our relationship and provide you with our Services, in order to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (i.e., as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, records and bookkeeping, and to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), in accordance with our data retention policy.
4. Data Sharing
Rapyd Subsidiaries:
we may share Personal Data internally within Rapyd for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Such sharing is made subject to our internal Data Processing Agreements.
Service Providers:
we may engage selected third party companies and individuals to perform services complementary to our own, namely – hosting, data analytics, consulting, support, marketing and advertising, data and cyber security, user engagement, instant messaging, company registration and incorporation; as well as our gateways and our business, financial, compliance and legal advisors (collectively, “
Service Providers
”). These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes.
Sharing Personal Data with a Client:
if you interact with our Clients (e.g. send them funds), we may share your Personal Data with such Clients who are involved in your transactions.
Legal Compliance:
we may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to your Personal Data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that we are legally compelled to do so, or that it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing.
Protecting Rights and Safety:
we may share your Personal Data with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Rapyd and its partners, any of our Clients, Users, or any members of the general public.
Mergers and Acquisitions
: should Rapyd undergo any change in control or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or part of its assets, your Personal Data may be shared with the parties involved in such event.
For the avoidance of doubt, Rapyd may share your Personal Data in additional manners, such as pursuant to your explicit approval, if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal and anonymous. We may transfer, share or otherwise use non-personal data at our sole discretion and without the need for further approval.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our Services and some of our Service Providers utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies which help us provide, secure and improve our Services, personalize your experience and monitor the performance of our activities and campaigns.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed, for example, to collect data about activity on our Site. Some cookies and other similar technologies serve to recall Personal Data, such as an IP address, that was previously indicated by you.
While we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser and recommend the use of cookies for an optimal user experience of our Services, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether to accept them or to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. You can read the complete Rapyd Cookie Policy
here
.
We also use analytics tools such as Google Analytics. These tools help us understand your behavior on our Services, including by tracking page content, and click/touch, movements, scrolls and keystroke activities. Further information about the privacy practices of our google analytics is available at:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Further information about your option to opt-out of google analytics services is available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Please note that if you get a new computer or device, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may also clear the opt-out cookies installed once you opt-out, so an additional opt-out will be necessary to prevent additional tracking.
6. Marketing Communications
We may contact you with promotional messages (such as newsletters, special offers and sales, new product announcements, inviting you to events, etc.) or any other information we think you will find valuable. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g. phone or email), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites.
If you do not wish to receive such promotional communications, you may notify us at any time by sending an email to
privacy@rapyd.net
, changing your communications preferences in your account, or by following the “unsubscribe”, “stop”, “opt-out” or “change email preferences” instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive.
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing-mailing list, we can continue to send you service-related updates and notifications.
7. Data Security
In order to protect your Personal Data, we use industry-standard physical, procedural and electronic security measures. However, please be aware that regardless of any security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of any Personal Data stored with us or with any third parties as described in Section 4 above.
8. Data Subject Rights
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may have certain rights under relevant applicable laws regarding the collection and processing of your Personal Data. To the extent these rights apply and concern you, you can contact us and ask to exercise the following rights:
8.1. Right of access:
You may have the right to receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Data concerning you is being processed and access your stored Personal Data.
8.2. Right of data portability:
you have the right to request us to move, copy and transfer your Personal Data easily from one IT environment to another, in a safe and secure way, without affecting its usability.
8.3. Right of rectification:
You have the right to request rectification of your Personal Data in our control in the event that you believe the Personal Data held by Rapyd is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.
8.4. Right to deletion/erasure:
You have the right to request that Rapyd erase or delete Personal Data held about you at any time.
8.5. Right to restriction or objection to processing:
You have the right to request that Rapyd restrict or cease to conduct certain Personal Data processes
at any time
.
8.6. Right to withdraw your consent:
To the extent we process Personal Data on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw your given consent at any time.
8.7. Right to limit use and disclosure of your sensitive Personal Data:
You have the right to request to limit the collection of your sensitive Personal Data, to that use which is necessary to perform our Services.
8.8. Right not to be subject to automated decision making:
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly effects to you.
8.9. Right to opt-out of the sale or share of Personal Data:
In the event that we sell or share your Personal Data for behavioral advertising purposes, you have the right to submit a request to opt-out of the sale or share of your Personal Data. After you opt-out, we may continue disclosing some Personal Data with our partners to help us perform business-related functions such as, but not limited to, providing the Services, ensuring that the Services is working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics and preventing fraud.
8.10. Right to non-discrimination:
you have the right to be free from any discrimination for exercising your rights, such as offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of services, based solely upon your request.
Please note that these rights are not absolute, and may be subject to applicable laws, our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements or technical readability.  Please also note that the rights mentioned above may have different application, title or legal definition depending on your jurisdiction.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you can submit your request via
Rapyd Privacy Request Webform
or contact us  at the following email address:
privacy@rapyd.net
. We will consider any requests, complaints or queries and provide you with a reply in a timely manner. We take our obligations seriously and we ask that any concerns are first brought to our attention, so that we can try to resolve them. To the extent you feel unsatisfied with our response to your request to exercise your rights, you may choose to send us a request to appeal our decision. If you are unsatisfied with our response, you can lodge a complaint with the applicable data protection supervisory authority.
Please note that we may require additional information and documents, including certain Personal Data, in order to authenticate and validate your identity and to process your request. Such additional data will be then retained by us for legal purposes (e.g. as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request), in accordance with Section 2 above. If you use an authorized representative, we may request a copy of the representative’s signed permission to act, verify your identity directly, and ask that you confirm the representative’s authority.
9. Automated Decision Making
According to privacy laws such as the EU & UK GDPR, Automated Decision-Making relates to a decision that has a legal impact on an individual, and that is based solely on automated means, without any meaningful human intervention.
Rapyd is required by laws to carry out KYC/KYB checks on Clients and – in some instances – End-Users when they apply to use the Services and during the performance of our agreement, to act in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to prevent fraud, money laundering and financing terrorism. We may use third party identification, screening and verification services (including credit reporting agencies) in order to assist us to verify identity and the documents provided.
Rapyd’s verification solution allows Rapyd
to carry out these checks. The solution collects Personal Data , analyzes it for authenticity and checks it against publicly available sources or against our Service Providers’ databases (such as company registration information). If everything checks out, the application will be automatically approved by the system. If the system determines that KYC/KYB checks are unsuccessful, it will reject the application and a notice will be delivered to the Client/End-User. If the application is neither fully approved nor fully denied, it will be sent for human review by Rapyd’s expert compliance team, who will make a final determination regarding the application.
For more information about how our verification solution works, please visit
this
page
.
If you think that a decision to reject your application was made in error you can contact Rapyd support at
support@rapyd.net
.
10. Additional Notices
Updates and Amendments:
we may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our websites and Services. The amended version will be effective as of the date it is so published. We will provide a 10-day prior notice if we believe any substantial changes are involved via any of the communication means available to us or via the Services. After such notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you.
External Links:
while our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for their privacy practices, and encourage you to pay attention when you leave our Services for the website or application of such third parties and to read the privacy policies of each and every website or service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services.
Our Services are not designed to attract children under the age of majority
(as determined under the applicable laws where the individual resides; “
Age of Majority
”). Our Services are not intended for, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from individuals under the Age of Majority and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a person under the Age of Majority is using the Services, we will prohibit and block such use and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personal Data stored with us with regard to such individuals. If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us by email at
privacy@rapyd.net
.
DPO, Questions, Concerns or Complaints:
if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or if you have any concerns regarding your Personal Data, please contact Rapyd’s DPO by email by sending a message to
privacy@rapyd.net.
If you reside in the EU, you may contact our EU representative:
Rapyd Europe hf.
Dalshraun 3,
220 Hafnarfjörður,
Iceland
privacy@rapyd.net
If you reside in the UK, you may contact our UK representative:
Rapyd Payments Limited
Rapyd suite 26
Weston business  Centre
Parsonage Road
Takeley
Essex
CM22 6PU.
England
privacy@rapyd.net
Additional Terms for California Residents
This part of this Privacy Policy addresses the specific disclosure requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (Cal. Civ. §§ 1798.100–1798.199) and the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations by the Attorney General (collectively, “
CCPA
“).
The categories of Personal Information we process:
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected and disclosed the following categories of Personal Information (as this term is defined under the CCPA):
Category of Personal Information Collected
Personal Information Collected
To whom the data may be disclosed
A. Identifiers
A real name, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account names.
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Our Clients (as applicable);
Service providers;
Ad-network and advertising partners;
Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, telephone number, address, signature, social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, bank account number, credit card number or any other financial information.
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Service providers;
Our Clients (as applicable);
Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
D. Commercial Information
Transaction data
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Service providers;
Our Clients (as applicable);
Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
F. Internet or other electronic network activity data
Browsing history, search history, and information on interactions with our websites or advertisements.
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Service providers;
Ad-network and advertising partners.
G. Geolocation data
Approximate location derived from IP address.
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Service providers;
Ad-network and advertising partners.
H. Sensory data
Photos
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Service providers
Sensitive Personal Information (as defined under the CCPA)
Social security, driver’s license, state identification card or passport number, account log-in, financial account.
Rapyd subsidiaries;
Service providers;
Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Sources of Personal Information:
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
(a)
Consumer directly.
(b)
Our Clients or End Users.
(c)   Our Service Providers.
Sharing and Selling Personal Information
We do not “sell” Personal Information as most people would typically understand that term. However, we share Personal Information with third parties for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising, via the cookies we place on your browser when you visit our website. In order to see the full list of cookies we use, including those used for cross-context behavioral advertising and understand how to opt-out of such usage, please visit Rapyd’s Cookie Policy
here
.
In the preceding 12 months we “sell” or “share” the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
Category (corresponding with the table above)
Category recipient
Purpose of sale of share
Category A
Category F
Category G
Ad-network and advertising partners.
Cross-context behavioral advertising.
Your rights
You can exercise your rights, as detailed in the Data Subjects Rights section, by submitting a verifiable consumer request to the contact details listed above.
The request must:
Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient details to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf using the contact information below.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
X
$h2
$hl
X
×
Close mobile menu
Partners
ISOs & ISVs
PayFacs
Referral Agents & Consultants
Apply Now
Products
Accept Payments Online
Send Payouts
Issue Cards
Global Accounts
Use Cases
Contries & Payment Methods
Pricing
Industries
Resources
Blog
Developers
Docs
Company
About
Why Rapyd
Support
Events
Contact Us
Careers
Login
Sign Up
🌐︎
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Português
עברית
Íslenska
简体中文
繁體中文
日本語
대한민국
Sub-policy 1
https://termly.io/products/privacy-policy-generator:
Home
›
Products
›
Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policy
Generator
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Where will your privacy policy be used?
Select all that apply.
Website
App
Facebook App
Generate Privacy Policy
Use our
free privacy policy generator
to create a privacy policy for your website, app, ecommerce store, SaaS, small business, or any other need in just a few minutes. Comply with the
GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA
, and more!
Free
Generate in Minutes
Customize for Your Business
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Where will your privacy policy be used?
Select all that apply.
Website
App
Facebook App
Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Features
Generate a
free privacy policy
that’s comprehensive and legally compliant using one of the best privacy policy generators of 2025.
“Creating a privacy policy was very easy with the guided questions and available templates. Would recommend.”
Jason
View Review
Built for Every Business
Website
App
Ecommerce site
SaaS
Complies with Privacy Laws
GDPR
CCPA/CPRA and CalOPPA
UK GDPR
PIPEDA
Easy to Use
Intuitive builder
Customization tools
Automatic updates
Embed options
How To Use Our Privacy Policy Generator
Just follow these simple steps to get a custom, compliant privacy policy for your business, software, site, or app:
Get started by answering a few questions in our privacy policy builder.
When you’re done, simply click publish. You can then customize how your privacy policy looks before adding it to your website or app.
Whether you use a content management system like WordPress, manage your website yourself, or use a professional service, we give you a few different options to add your policy.
We guide you through the process of generating a privacy policy by asking some simple questions about your business –
Yasmeen, Privacy Engineer @ Termly
Trusted by over
1,900,000
businesses worldwide
“It is so easy to use. I don't need to understand the full legal details of everything. It takes you step by step through the whole process.”
Steven
View review
“Termly is an amazing service and easy to use and update as business grows.”
Daria
View review
“I was impressed by how Termly made it easy to create a privacy policy that covered multiple privacy laws (in my case UK GDPR, CCPA and CDPA) into one coherent professional-looking policy.”
Carl
View review
Create a
Free Privacy Policy
We offer the best privacy policy solution for all types of businesses.
Privacy Policy for AI
Our AI-ready privacy policy generator lets you to disclose how you use AI and if and when you share user data with third-party AI platforms or services.
Privacy Policy for Websites, Blogs, and CMS
Use our generator to build a privacy policy for your own website or blog or for platforms like:
WordPress
Godaddy
Wix
Squarespace
Privacy Policy for Apps
You can create a privacy policy for any type of app regardless of marketplace.
iPhone
Android
Windows Phone
Privacy Policy for Ecommerce Stores
Generate a free privacy policy for any online store, whether its custom or hosted on a platform.
Shopify
WooCommerce
BigCommerce
Privacy Policy for Third-Party Software & Tools
Our generator can help you create a personalized policy to comply with any third-party requirements.
Google Analytics & Adsense
Amazon
PayPal
Privacy Policy for SaaS / Subscription Based Businesses
You can get a privacy policy for your SaaS or subscription business in just a few minutes.
Privacy Policy for Facebook Ads, Apps, and Pages
You can build a compliant privacy policy for Facebook ads, apps, and pages.
Basic Privacy Policy
If you just need a simple privacy policy for your small business, personal website, app, etc., our privacy policy creator has you covered.
Easily Comply with Laws like
the
GDPR
,
CCPA
, and
PIPEDA
Based on international laws and modern business practices, you need a privacy policy if you collect any personal information or personal data from users. Personal data includes more than just names and addresses — it can include cookie data, IP addresses, email addresses, and more.
Personal Data
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify an individual. Personal data includes names, emails, phone numbers, addresses, geolocation, IP addresses, cookie data, and so much more.
When you create a privacy policy online, you must list all personal data your website or app collects from users.
Personal Data & the Law
Personal data is heavily protected by laws like the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA, and others. The leading method of protecting personal data is requiring websites and businesses to be honest about how they collect, share, and use personal data. Privacy law violations can result in serious fines.
Personal Data & Your Privacy Policy
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. Comply with laws, build loyalty with customers, and meet online business standards by providing a comprehensive privacy policy to your users. Our free generator walks you through the necessary questions to create a customized privacy policy.
GDPR
EU General Data Protection Regulation
CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act
CalOPPA
California Online Privacy Protection Act
PIPEDA
Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
A comprehensive and transparent privacy policy is required to comply with most of the major data privacy laws worldwide –
Leila, Privacy Compliance Specialist @ Termly
Privacy Policy Generator
FAQ
We answer the most frequently asked questions about privacy policies and our free generator.
Is the Privacy Policy Generator really free?
Yes, Termly offers one legal policy for free. No credit card is required to create, publish, and post your privacy policy once it’s been generated. However, if you need more than one legal policy or additional compliance features, you can choose to upgrade to a
paid plan
and gain full access to our entire suite of compliance tools.
What is a privacy policy?
A privacy policy — also referred to as a privacy notice — is a legal document that explains how a company or website collects, uses, and shares personal information.
The most important thing a privacy policy does is inform your users how you collect, use, and manage their personal data.
Other common names for a privacy policy include:
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement
Privacy Disclosure
Privacy Agreement
Why is a privacy policy important to have?
Privacy policies not only satisfy legal requirements, but they also signal to your users that you respect them enough to disclose how you collect, manage, and use their data.
Not having a privacy policy can make you seem to be an untrustworthy business.
However, you only need a privacy policy if you actually collect or process data through the use of cookies, analytics software, forms, etc.
Do I need a privacy policy?
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. There are multiple laws that require privacy policies, as well as service providers that demand their users have privacy policies. For example, many Google services require you to have a privacy policy.
Additionally, today’s consumers are more aware than ever when it comes to data privacy. Stand out from your competitors by publishing a clear, detailed privacy policy. You can reassure your users that their personal information is safe with your website, app, or company.
Which laws should I be aware of when generating my privacy policy?
When creating your privacy policy, you should consider several privacy laws — including, but not limited to, the GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, and PIPEDA. Depending on your type of business, you may also need to review any relevant industry-specific laws or laws about use of specific types of data.
If you’re not familiar with these data privacy laws or how they might apply to you, don’t worry. Our generator can help walk you through relevant questions.
Can I copy someone else’s privacy policy?
No, you can’t copy someone else’s privacy policy. Doing so will put your business or website at legal risk. Privacy policies are protected by copyright, so copying someone else’s policy is a legal violation. More importantly, your privacy policy needs to be tailored to your website in order to comply with data privacy laws and give users accurate information.
In addition, you cannot copy and paste a privacy policy. Using another company’s privacy policy without permission is (copyright infringement), and illegal. Your privacy policy needs to be specific to your business, and explain how your website or app collects (user) data.
What should my privacy policy include?
You’ll need to keep the following questions in mind when creating your policy:
What types of data do you collect? Email addresses, contact information, and payment information are commonly collected. Be sure to evaluate all of the data you collect, whether that is for marketing purposes, newsletters, order information, and more.
Why do you collect the data? Are you collecting any data you don’t need? Describing the purpose for data collection is a critical part of your privacy policy.
Where and how do you store collected data? Some data privacy laws limit how long you can keep personal information. You’ll also want to consider the security of your data storage.
Our generator walks you through the steps and ensures you don’t forget anything when creating a privacy policy.
Where should I put my privacy policy?
Put your privacy policy in easy-to-find areas on your website. Some common places to put a privacy policy include:
Website footer
Main menu
Checkout page
Sign-up page
Within other legal policies
You should put your policy in multiple of the above locations. Linking your privacy policy around your site ensures users can find it, and that you stay compliant with privacy laws. Our generator offers multiple embed options to help you easily add a policy to your website.
Do I need more than a privacy policy?
Some websites and businesses do need more than just a privacy policy. If you need to comply with laws like the GDPR, you may also need to look into cookie consent. Depending on the type of website or business you have, you may also need other legal agreements. For example, websites that sell products may need a return policy and a shipping policy.
Some legal agreements, like Terms and Conditions, can help protect your business. Terms and Conditions, also known as Terms of Service or Terms of Use, are an agreement between the website and the users. You can use this agreement to specify the rules for using your website or describe user behavior that is not allowed.
Our Full Suite of
Compliance Solutions
Terms and Conditions Generator
Establish guidelines and safeguard your business with custom terms
Learn more
Disclaimer Generator
Create a legal disclaimer for FREE to protect your blog, website, or app against legal liability
Learn more
Cookie Policy Generator
Notify users, provide cookie preferences, and obtain consent for your cookie use
Learn more
Cookie Scanner
Scan, categorize, and review your website’s cookies to ensure compliance with cookie use rules
Learn more
Explore more solutions
Related Articles About
Privacy Policies
Articles
March 7, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 7, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 7, 2025
Heloisa Valdívia, CIPM
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 5, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 5, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Explore more resources
EN
FR
ES
DE