Version：V1.0
Effective date：2022/4/8

The following uses "this application" to refer to Storm Sniffer App and related services.

1. Data storage
This application focuses on personal data privacy. All traffic data is only stored in your device.
By using the App to generate data, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Service Agreement.

2. Data collection
In order to ensure the stability of this application, the application uses some third-party services, such as Fabric for crash collection, and Cloudkit for some lightweight data storage. These services only collect user's error data (cause of crash) and necessary equipment. Information (device model, operating system version).

3. Legal terms
As this application is released globally, you must comply with the laws of your country. In particular, in China, in order to maintain online public order and social stability, please consciously abide by the following terms:

1. This application shall not be used to endanger national security, divulge state secrets, and may not infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of the state's social collectives and citizens. The following information shall not be produced, reproduced and disseminated by this application:
  (1) inciting resistance and undermining the implementation of the Constitution and laws and administrative regulations;
  (2) inciting subversion of state power and overthrowing the socialist system;
  (3) inciting the split of the country and undermining national unity;
  (4) inciting national hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
  (5) Fabricating or distorting facts, spreading rumors and disturbing social order;
  (6) Promoting feudal superstition, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, and abetment;
  (7) blatantly insulting others or fabricating facts against others, or conducting other malicious attacks;
  (8) damaging the credibility of the state organs;
  (9) Other violations of the Constitution and laws and administrative regulations;

2. It is forbidden to conduct various acts of sabotage on this site in any way.

3. It is forbidden to imitate or copy this application in any form, causing damage to the intellectual property of this application.