Erasoft, Inc. (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile application "Group Share" ("Application"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Platform, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application, or Platform after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Platform includes:
Personal Data
We have not collect any personal data, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender,  hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Platform. You are under no obligation to provide  us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Platform.
For a better experience while using the Platform we collect information about the devices where you install or access the Platform, depending on the permissions you have  granted which may include, but are not  limited to, operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength,  device identifiers, advertisement identifiers, connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language and time zone. If you do not grant access  you will not have the ability to use some of the features on the Platform.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about  you via the Platform to:
Facilitate proper use of the Platform
Provide access to the Platform
Perform the Platform-related operations
Assist us in analysing how the Platform is used
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties
Deliver targeted advertising
Monitor and analyse usage and trends to improve your experience
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Platform
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the  rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging  information with other entities for fraud protection and privacy risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including music access, data analysis, hosting services, customer service,  and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Third-Party Advertisers
We use a third party advertising company to serve ads when you visit the Platform. This company may use information about your visits to the Platform and other websites  that are contained in web cookies to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Business Partners
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions you may enjoy.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such  third parties for marketing purposes, as  permitted by law.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Tracking Pixels
We use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Platform to help customize the Platform and improve your experience. When you  access the Platform, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove  or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability  and functionality of the Platform. You may not decline web beacons; however, they can be  rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline  cookies on an individual basis. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy.
Third-Party Tools
Our Platform uses third-party tools from YouTube, which is operated by Google, Hearthis.at, Spreaker.com, and Dropbox to provide you seamless access to the  services offered on the Platform. When  you visit various services on the Platform, one or more of these third parties may be informed about which portions of our Platform  you have visited. These partners are used to help make Platform more appealing. Use of these services constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) DSGVO  under GDPR laws.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal  information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be  guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore,  we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Platform. This includes your social security number, bank information, or other sensitive personal information. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
The Platform is designed for those 13 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. We do  not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at: erasoft.info@gmail.com
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year  and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses  of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a  request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have provided your personal information with the Platform, you have the right to request removal of unwanted  data that you publicly post on the Platform. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include sufficient detail  about the public post(s) and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Platform, but please be aware that the  data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems, nor can we guarantee any cached or archived version of the Platform will remove such data.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), enacted in 2018, creates new consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information that  is collected by businesses. While we do not sell your information to any third party, we may partner with third-party service providers and affiliate partners who may gain  access to your information through the use of beacons, tracking pixels, or cookies as provided in this Privacy Policy. If you are a California resident, California law may  provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit our
Supplementary Privacy Notice  for California Residents.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at erasoft.info@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.atplayer.com%2Fprivacy-note-ca.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw1bK9dSxDSCfIzeUdyAw4af:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.