Nerdle - Contact & Privacy Notice
CONTACT
Thank you for your interest in nerdle and the nerdleverse.  If you have any feedback or questions, please contact us at
contact@nerdlegame.com
.
PRIVACY NOTICE
Updated 1 September, 2024
At nerdle (Tensa Ventures Ltd, referred to in this notice as “Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. 
                Please read on for more information about our practices with regards to your personal information.
When you visit our websites, including http://nerdlegame.com, http://maff.games and http://leaderboardle.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy notice. We seek to
                explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully. If there are any terms in this privacy
                notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our website (such as https://nerdlegame.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the
                "Services").
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT YOU
The following paragraphs describe the information we collect about you and how.
1.1	Information you give us voluntarily
If you contact us directly (via email, social media etc) or register for any of our Services (including to save your scores in an account etc), we collect your contact information and other information you may provide depending on the context.  This may include your name, email and other account credentials. If you log-in to our services, we recognise you by assigning you a unique user ID.
1.2 Information collected automatically
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Services. We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Services.
                This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system,
                language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and
                operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
1.3	Information from other sources
We may obtain your information through social media platforms, for example when you sign-in to our services using social-sign-in such as those operated by Google, Facebook etc.  By linking the services, you authorize us to collect, store and use any information they may give us (e.g., your email address). You can disconnect your registration from third-party accounts at any time.
We also receive information from you when you interact with our pages, groups, accounts or posts on social media platforms. This includes aggregate data on our followers (e.g., age, gender and location), engagement data and individual users’ public profiles.
We may use third party data sources such as survey information for marketing and analytics. This data sometimes includes your contact details and demographic information such as age and gender.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We process your information for the following purposes based on legitimate business interests:
2.1	To provide our services to you
We use your information to help us to provide you with access our websites and services, such as making games and other services available to you, allowing access to any account you have registered with us, responding to and inquiries or other communication from you, recording and displaying your scores and stats, completing any purchase transactions you make with us, sending service-related messages, saveing your service preferences and letting you take part in any polls, promotions, research and comments that we enable.
2.2	To personalise your experience and develop further services
We may track your interactions with us to personalize and improve your experience and recommend future games and other interactions.   We also analyse data across our users, which may include the user of aggregated de-personalised information, to help us understand user behaviour, improve our user experience and make business decisions.
2.3	To provide personalized advertising on our websites
We gather data and work with ad networks and third parties to show you personalized ads on behalf of advertisers. This data comes from ad tracking technologies set by us or the third party (including cookies), the information you provide such as your email address, your use of our services, information from advertisers or ad networks and anything inferred from any of this information. We only use or share this information in a manner that does not reveal your identity. For example, we use Google and other ad networks to serve ads on our websites, these networks use cookies or unique device identifiers, in combination with their own data, to show you ads based on you visiting our websites and other sites connected to these networks.
For more about targeted advertising, and how to opt out with your specific browser and device, go to the DAA Webchoices Browser Check and NAI Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising. You can download the AppChoices app to opt out in mobile apps. You can also follow the instructions in the What Are Your Privacy Rights? section below.
                We try to limit how our third-party advertising technology vendors use the information they gather from you. Many of these providers require us to enter into contracts that allow them to optimize their own services and products, or that help them create their own.
                Essentially, these providers combine any information they gather about you through our services with information they receive from their other clients. This helps them target ads to you on behalf of their other clients, not just us.
                These third parties sometimes use other services in order to serve ads; check their privacy policies for more details. For further information on tracking technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, see the applicable Cookie Policy.
2.4 To advertise our services to you
Sometimes we may market our services to you and may use marketing vendors to do this.
                We serve ads through websites, locations, platforms and services operated and owned by third parties. Often these ads are targeted at people who have visited or registered for our services. The ads are also targeted at people with similar traits or behaviours to our subscribers or customers which we facilitate with the use of lists of encrypted customer data.
2.5	To fulfil our contractual and legal obligations
We use the information we collect or receive:
To comply with our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfil business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfil the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response
                to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats
                to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.  More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work and with our shareholders, with Nerdlegame Ltd (the owner of the nerdle intellectual property) and with its shareholders. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services,
                    which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better
                    understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Services. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other
                    tracking technologies like hashed email addresses in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
More details of our how we use your data for targeted advertising and how you may opt-out are included in clause 2 above.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal
                requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup
                archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
We are committed to appropriately protecting your personal information as well as protecting confidential business information through a system of organizational and technical security policies and procedures We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process.  These measures are designed to minimize the risk of loss, theft, or compromise of business confidential or user personal information and are regularly reviewed and updated.
Our privacy and security incident response plan provides a well-defined and organized approach for handling actual or potential security threats and breaches and ensures that we react appropriately to any security concerns that we become aware of in a timely manner.  If you have reason to believe your interaction with us is no longer secure, notify us immediately.
Also, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment and you should not share any passwords that you may use to access our services if you register for an account.
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
We do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA) in a manner not permitted by COPPA from or market to children under 13 years of age unless under in an environment with adult (including teacher) supervision.  By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 13 or
                that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services.
In an environment where there children may wish to play our games, we encourage teachers, parents or guardians to access our services directly and to share the gaming experience with others in an appropriately supervised manner.
If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at contact@nerdlegame.com. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
9.1 Accessing, updating, deleting or exercising your rights in relation to your personal information.
If you have a registered account with us, you can control access and control some of your personal information online by accessing your account.
In some parts of the world, you have the right to:
Access, modify, or delete the personal information we have about you.
Receive an electronic copy of the personal information we have about you, for data portability.
Restrict, or object to, how we process personal information about you.
Not receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interest or that of a third party — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing of, or the keeping of, your personal information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
To exercise any of the above rights, contact us at contact@nerdlegame.com specifying the details of your request. Please use the email address linked to the relevant personal information and please respond to any identify verification checks that we send you before we process your request.
We might need to keep certain information for recordkeeping purposes, or to complete a transaction you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., if you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you might not be able to change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion of the purchase or promotion).
If you’d like, you can lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
9.2 Opting out of email, push notifications and other correspondence from us
You may opt out of certain correspondence from us as follows:
Email: We may offer a variety of commercially oriented emails and newsletters. You can opt-out of these communications from within your account or unsubscribe from them by following the “unsubscribe” instructions near the bottom of the email. You can also email us at contact@nerdlegame.com.
Push Notifications: You can opt out any time by adjusting your device settings, or uninstalling our app.
Mail, telephone and text promotions: You can ask us to unsubscribe from our mail or telephone solicitations.
We complete any opt-out request as quickly as we can. This opt-out request won’t prohibit us from sending you service-related information or important non-marketing notices.
9.3 Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. Please refer to paragraph 2 above for more details.
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing
                activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that
                automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of
                personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If
                you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such
                data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed
                on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this
                privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are
                protecting your information.
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY ?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at
contact@nerdlegame.com
.
We operate the Nerdlegame websites / services and licence intellectual propertly rights relating to 'Nerdle' from the IP owner and registered trademark owner, Nerdlegame Ltd, registered in the UK.