Betis Beata Skubała - Privacy Policy and Advertising Terms
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use apps created by Betis. 
    By using our applications, the User gives their consent to the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy.
Advertising
Our applications may contain ads from third party ad networks.
Our ad networks partners use a unique identifier on your device to display ads.
Non-Personalize Ads
If ad personalization is off, our ad networks partners will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads ad networks shows to you. 
        You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful.
        You may see ads that are less relevant to you. These ads use mobile identifiers, but not for personalization.
Personalize Ads
We use device identifiers to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. 
We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
If ad personalization is turned on, our partners will use your information to make your ads more useful for you.
Other information collection
Some of our apps use Game Center to display Achievements and Leaderboards. User can log to this services.
Some of our apps may contain in app purchases.
We may use third-party Service providers to and analyze the use of our apps.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that sites and services you use or visit can set on your browser or device and they can typically be read on future visits 
to learn more about the User and to personalize an experience, including the ads that are displayed to the User. 
Cookies is also a term that may be used to refer to a range of technologies that help an operator identify Users and devices, 
which in turn can help personalize an experience, prevent fraud, store preferences, and speed up delivery of content.
Contact us
Our privacy policy may change from time to time.
If you have questions please contact us via email betismobile @ outlook.com
Last update January 15th 2022