Privacy Policy
The following uses "this application" to refer to DevTools Extension App and related services.

    1. Data storage
    
    This application focuses on personal data privacy. Currently (2021-03-03) not collects any informations.
    
    When you use this application to generate data, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement.
    
    2. Legal terms
    
    Since this application is released globally, you must comply with the laws and regulations of your country. In particular, in China, in order to maintain online public order and social stability, please consciously abide by the following terms:
    
    1. You must not use this application to endanger national security, reveal state secrets, or infringe the lawful rights and interests of the country's social collectives and citizens, and you must not use this application to make, copy, and disseminate the following information:
    (1) Inciting resistance or undermining the implementation of the Constitution, laws and administrative regulations;
    (2) Inciting to subvert state power and overthrow the socialist system;
    (3) Inciting to split the country and undermining national unity;
    (4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity;
    (5) Fabricating or distorting facts, spreading rumors, disturbing social order;
    (6) Propagating feudal superstition, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, abetting crime; 　
    (7) Openly insulting others or fabricating facts to slander others, or carrying out other malicious attacks;
    (8) Damage to the credibility of state organs;
    (9) Other violations of the Constitution and laws and administrative regulations;
    
    2. It is forbidden to conduct various sabotage behaviors on this site in any way.
    3. It is forbidden to imitate or copy this application in any form and cause damage to the intellectual property rights of this application.