Home
Household
2025 Collection Calendars
Join Today
Payment Options
What Goes In My Bin?
Business
Skip Hire
Skip Hire Services
Order a Skip
About Us
Why Choose Us
Latest News
FAQ
Environmental
Contact Us
My Account
Use Of Information
Ray Whelan Ltd respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this privacy statement to inform you of our privacy policy and practices including how information is collected online and how that information is used.
Ray Whelan Ltd will not collect any personal information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them. Examples of such information are:
• Your name;
• Your mobile telephone number;
• Your postal address;
• Your email address; and
The information collected will only be used to send you the information you have requested and to provide information that may be useful to you.
Ray Whelan Ltd may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about our site visitors’ traffic patterns with partners or other parties. However, we do not sell or share any information about individual users.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on particular sites, thus enabling website owners to provide more useful features for their users. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the website. We use cookies for two reasons: to help us track usage patterns in order to improve and manage the website; and to record preferences in order to personalise your visit. On revisiting this website our computer server will recognise the cookie, giving us information about your last visit. This does not recognise you as an individual, but only the computer that is being used to view the site.
Your Rights
In addition to the company’s own security safeguards, your personal data is protected in Ireland by the Data Protection Act 1988, which Ray Whelan Ltd fully complies with. This covers the storage and disclosure of any information you have provided, and the prevention of unauthorised access to such information. This provides amongst other things that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. The information should be kept up to date, where necessary, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It should be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people. You have the right to see what is held about you and can correct any inaccuracies online.
Policy Changes
Any changes to this policy will be posted here.
Security
Ray Whelan Ltd treats all the data held with the utmost care and security. Any details you give will remain completely confidential except to the extent that they are required to be disclosed by law, regulation or any governmental or competent regulatory authority.
Feedback and Complaints
If you have any complaints or queries about privacy issues or the use of your personal information please contact us via our contact form.
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience.
My settings
Accept
Privacy Settings
Google Analytics
Privacy Settings
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience. Which cookies and scripts are used and how they impact your visit is specified on the left. You may change your settings at any time. Your choices will not impact your visit.
NOTE:
These settings will only apply to the browser and device you are currently using.
Google Analytics
We use cookies to improve the way our website works for you and to measure and understand how our Clients use our website.
✕