Build
Products Faster
Using Customer Insights
Stickier Products
Customer insights
Explore your users' feelings and emotions , enhance the user experience, and fast-track your user test process with our advanced analysis technology.
Discover Odaptos for free
View the pricing
Odaptos's AI has supported these major corporations in their product!
Save  time in your UX tests with Artificial Intelligence.
Easily integrate Odaptos, a leading user testing platform, to bypass manual testing and instantly translate user reactions into essential insights.
Pinpoint friction points through user testing and precise emotional analysis.
Understand not only where your users face challenges, but also how they feel in those moments. Odaptos identifies friction points by analyzing userexperience testing, all while maintaining top-notch data security
Collaborate with your team using our user acceptance testing platform
Odaptos offers a collaborative space where your team can access all your UX test results, cooperate, and swiftly retrieve user insights on a centralized dashboard.
Emotion-Based Video Player
Revisit important moments of your user test in our analysis room. Segments are divided based on your questions and users' emotional reactions.
Automatic transcription
Save time during your tests with our user testing tool. Review your interviews in text format for quick, detailed analysis.
Beta
User Recruitment Widget
Set your criteria and find the perfect testers for your studies in just one click. Our widget makes recruiting and managing user testing a breeze.
System usability score (SUS)
Assess the usability of your platform with our 10-question SUS questionnaire, administered at the end of each interview. Compare scores against behavioral data for a complete UX testing analysis.
Beta
Meet Oda, Our Intelligent Chatbot
Streamline your user test with Oda. Within seconds, Oda identifies key words, highlights important themes, and provides concise summaries of your tasks and interviews.
User Test Planning
Organize your user tests by pre-defining your test protocol on Odaptos. This structure facilitates analysis and allows results to be segmented based on your set criteria.
Markup Tool
Mark significant moments in real-time during user testing with our markup tool. These markers will help you during the analysis phase to focus on the most relevant sequences.
Emotion Recognition
Go beyond words to understand what your users truly feel. Our advanced AI analyzes facial expressions after the interview to provide a nuanced understanding of user emotions.
Sentiment Analysis
Understand the 'why' behind your users' feedback. Our sentiment analysis evaluates the tone and nuances in user communications to provide a comprehensive view of their emotional state.
Coming soon
Usability Browser
Our dedicated ux testing browser offers advanced tracking capabilities, including mouse tracking, for deeper insights into user behaviors.
Coming soon
User Journey Monitoring
Track the user journey step-by-step on your interface. Quickly spot areas that grab attention and optimize them for a better user experience.
Coming soon
Emotion Heatmap
Visualize areas of intense emotional interaction with our emotion heatmaps. Based on mouse tracking and user interaction, they offer a spatial emotional analysis of your interface.
Solo
$59
/
                  month
Billed annually*
($637 USD)
5 Interviews / Month
Mobile Interviews
SUS
Voice Transcription
Emotional Analysis
Select Plan
30-day Free trial
Team
$179
/
                  month
Billed annually*
($1933 USD)
12 Interviews / Month
Multi Language Tests
Two Factor Authentification
+ Everything in Solo Plan
Select Plan
30-day Free trial
Most Popular!
Growth
$399
/
                  month
Billed annually*
($4309 USD)
20 Interviews / Month
Global scenario analysis
User Anonimization
+ Everything in Team Plan
Select Plan
30-day Free trial
Enterprise
Let's Talk
21+ Interviews / Month
Study protocol
Onboarding Corporate
Experience Customer Manager
+ Everything in Growth Plan
Contact Us
30-day Free trial
* Select annual payment and get 10% inmediate discount
We're making headlines!
Headlines
Challenges • 27/03/2024
Odaptos has been chosen as one of the “100 startups to invest in 2024”
Read the article
BFMTV • 25/01/2022
La Pépite : La start-up Odaptos développe une solution de compréhension des émotions grâce à l'IA
Read the article
BFMTV - TECH&CO • 10/01/2023
ODAPTOS, LA START-UP QUI DÉCRYPTE LES ÉMOTIONS GRÂCE À L’INTELLIGENCE ARTIFICIELLE
Read the article
France 3 • 06/01/2023
CES 2023 : des pépites de l'Hérault primées à Las Vegas !
Read the article
TF1 • 06/01/2022
Intelligence Artificielles les entreprises françaises au sommet.
Read the article
Discover our resources
Explore our resources to deepen your understanding of emotional analysis and automated user testing. From guides to case studies, discover how Odaptos can help you accelerate your product development processes.
Frequently Asked Questions
Find answers to common questions
UX Guide
Your comprehensive guide for your UX tests
Blog
Stay up to date with our articles
Your Data Secured with Enterprise-Grade Protections.
Odaptos ensures compliance with global data protection standards, safeguarding your information with the highest security protocols.
Learn more
Axeptio consent
Consent Management Platform: Personalize Your Options
Our platform empowers you to tailor and manage your privacy settings, ensuring compliance  with regulations. Customize your preferences to control how your information is handled.