Features
Pricing
Support
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted  when you access, install, or use Free VPN Unlimited Services. This Privacy Policy will remain in  effect until a new policy supersedes it.
Your continued use of the Website and our services will constitute your acknowledgment of  the policy in its current version and your understanding of the terms of the policy. If you  disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
Our guiding principle toward data collection is to collect only the minimal data required  to operate a world-class VPN service at scale. We designed our systems to not have  sensitive data about our customers; We do not ever sell your personal information  to third parties. We do not collect logs of your activity (browsing history, traffic  destination, data content, or DNS queries). We also never store connection logs,  meaning no logs of your IP address, your outgoing VPN IP address, connection  timestamp, or session duration.
This privacy policy will help you understand how we collect, use and store information.
Table of contents
Account & Personal Information
Connection status and usage Statistics
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
Security Measures to Protect Your Information
Consent and Age Restrictions
Users in the European Union
Storing of Information Related to Support and Feedback Forms
Mobile identifiers
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Account & Personal Information
We may require you to provide personal information, such as name, email address and subscription information, in order to establish that you have a valid Free VPN Unlimited account so that we can support you and respond to any queries you initiate. We may also use your email address for the following:
To provide support for any inquiries you initiate
To send you updates and announcements (optional only).
To communicate with you about your VPN services or respond to your communications.
To send marketing information, such as Free VPN Unlimited offers, surveys, invitations, and content about other matters in connection with Free VPN Unlimited. You may choose to not receive Marketing emails by following the opt-out procedure described in these emails.
Back
Connection Status and Usage Statistics
The section below specifies in detail what information we collect. We ensure that we never log browsing history, traffic destination, data content or DNS queries. Therefore:
We do not know who accessed a particular website or service.
We do not know who was connected to the VPN
Connection Status
Should anyone try to compel Free VPN Unlimited to release user information based on any  of the above, we cannot supply this information because the data doesn't exist.
In order to maintain excellent customer support and quality of service, Free VPN Unlimited collects the following information related to your VPN usage:
We collect information about whether you have successfully established a VPN connection, to which VPN location, and from which country/ISP. This minimal information assists us in providing technical support, such as identifying connection problems, providing country-specific advice about how to best use our Service, and to enable Free VPN Unlimited engineers to identify and fix network issues.
Usage Statistics and Fair Usage Policy
We collect information regarding the total sum of data transferred by a given user. Although we provide unlimited data transfer, we expect users to follow fair usage. If we notice that a single user has significantly higher usage than others, thereby impacting the quality of service for other Free VPN Unlimited users, we may reach out to that user for additional information.
Back
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
Free VPN Unlimited’s core mission is to keep your information private. In service of this mission, Zoom Labs’s headquarters and registered place of business is in California, USA.
Should we receive a valid legal order from the legal authorities, it is important to note that Free VPN Unlimited does not collect any browsing history, traffic data or DNS queries that could be used to identify any specific user activity.
Back
Security Measures to Protect Your Information
Free VPN Unlimited uses best-in-class physical, procedural, and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of information. Access to user information is restricted to staff who require such access to perform their job functions.
While we believe these systems are robust, it is important to understand that no data security measures in the world can offer 100% protection.
Servers are housed in data centers with strong security practices. None of these data centers require us to collect or store any traffic data or personal information related to your use of VPN Services. If any data center were to ask us to log such data, we would immediately cease operations with said data center and find alternative options.
Even if a government were to physically seize one of our VPN servers and manage to break its disk encryption, there would be no logs or information that would tie any individual user to a particular event, website, or behavior.
Back
Consent and Age Restrictions
By using the Site, Content, Apps, Software, or Services, you agree to have your information handled as described in our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. The services are intended for users of any age who have a need to use VPN, in compliance with local laws and regulations. If you believe your child has provided information to us, please let us know immediately.
Back
Users in the European Union
Zoom Labs is committed to user privacy globally, and our existing practices reflect  that through minimal collection of data and ensuring users have control over their  personal information. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the  European Union (EU) requires us to outline those practices in a specific manner for  users in the EU.
In line with the GDPR, we collect and process the data outlined in this Privacy  Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the Services and Apps they have requested.
Providing customer support.
Managing user subscriptions and processing payments.
For a legitimate interest associated with the operation of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, reliability, and effectiveness of our Site, Services, and Apps.
Communicating with customers to provide information and seek feedback related to our Services and Apps.
With the consent of users, which users can withdraw at any time.
You can exercise your rights under the GDPR to access, transfer, correct, delete, or object to the processing of your personal information by contacting us through our web support form.
Back
Storing of Information Related to Support and Feedback Forms
Zoom Labs keeps records of any correspondence, questions, complaints, or compliments you submit to us through our Site or Services, along with our response. Depending on how you contact us, we may collect your email address and any additional information you provide to us. Having full correspondence records enables our staff to provide the best possible customer support experience. We don't us thru party platform for support correspondence.
Back
Mobile identifiers
A mobile identifier is an identifier provided by iOS device. It does not contain your name or email address. Zoom Labs uses mobile identifiers to generate statistics related to the marketing channels and advertising partners through which users learned about and signed up for our mobile apps. Disabling or resetting mobile identifiers
Users may disable or reset the mobile identifiers associated with their devices at any time. For instructions, see
Apple's page on Advertising & Privacy on iOS devices
Back
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, without prior notice to you, consistent with applicable privacy laws and principles. Your continued use of the Site or Services constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Back
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact us at the following email address:
Support@zoom-labs.com
Back
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT205223:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
Contextual Information
Contextual information may be used to serve ads to you, such as:
Device Information: Your keyboard language settings, device type, OS version, and connection type.
Device Location: If Location Services is turned on and you’ve granted permission to the App Store, Apple News, or Apple TV app to access your location, your approximate location may be used to serve you geographically relevant ads. Apple’s advertising platform does not construct profiles from your location, and does not use or store your precise location even if you allow an app to access your precise location. To access these settings, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services.
App Store: Your query when you perform a search, and information about the page you are viewing may be used to serve you a relevant ad.
Apple News and Stocks: The type of story you read may be used to select appropriate ads.
Segments
We create segments to deliver personalized ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks. Segments are groups of people who share similar characteristics. Information about you may be used to determine which segments you’re assigned to, and thus, which ads you receive. To protect your privacy, personalized ads are delivered only if more than 5,000 people meet the targeting criteria selected by an advertiser.
We may use information such as the following to assign you to segments:
Account Information: Your name, address, age, gender, and devices registered to your Apple Account. Information such as your first name in your Apple Account registration page or salutation in your Apple Account may be used to derive your gender. You can update your account information on the Apple Account website at
account.apple.com
.
Downloads, Purchases & Subscriptions: The music, movies, books, TV shows, and apps you download, as well as any in-app purchases and subscriptions. We don’t allow targeting based on downloads of a specific app or purchases within a specific app (including subscriptions) from the App Store, unless the targeting is done by that app’s developer.
Apple News and Stocks: The topics and categories of the stories you read and the publications you follow, subscribe to, or turn on notifications from.
Advertising: Your interactions with ads delivered by Apple’s advertising platform.
When selecting which ad to display from multiple ads for which you are eligible, we may use some of the above-mentioned information, as well as your App Store searches and browsing activity, to determine which ad is likely to be most relevant to you. App Store browsing activity includes the content and apps you tap and view while browsing the App Store. This information is aggregated across users so that it does not identify you. We may also use local, on-device processing to select which ad to display, using information stored on your device, such as the apps you frequently open.
Apple’s advertising platform receives information about the ads you tap and view against a random identifier not tied to your Apple Account.
Apple does not share any personal data with third parties. We make certain non-personal data available to our advertisers and strategic partners that work with Apple to provide our products and services, help Apple market to customers, and sell ads on Apple’s behalf. No Apple Pay transactions or Health app data is accessible to Apple’s advertising platform, or is used for advertising purposes. Apple does not know or make available to advertisers information about your sexual orientation, religious beliefs, or political affiliations.
Advertising Preferences
About This Ad
To understand why a specific ad was shown to you on the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks, tap the Ad button on the ad. This will present the segments and other data, such as demographic information, that were used to determine which ad you received.
Ad Targeting Information
To see information about you that may be used to deliver targeted ads by Apple’s advertising platform, including the segments that you are in.
To see this information on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tap View Ad Targeting Information. On Mac, go to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising, then click View Ad Targeting Information.
If you believe information about you is inaccurate, you can update your Apple Account information.
Location-Based Ads
If you allow the App Store, Apple News, or Apple TV app to access your location, Apple’s advertising platform may use the approximate current location of your device to provide you with geographically targeted ads.
You can opt out of location-based app functionality including for advertising. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services, and either turn off Location Services or, where applicable, set the App Store, Apple News, or Apple TV app permission to Never. On Mac, go to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services, and turn off Location Services or turn off location permissions for News or TV. On tvOS, go to Settings > General > Privacy > Location Services, and turn off Location Services or set the Apple TV app permission to Never.
Apple’s advertising platform does not receive location-based information when you turn off Location Services on your device.
Personalized Ads
If you turn on Personalized Ads, Apple’s advertising platform may use your information to serve ads that are more relevant to you on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks. Turning off Personalized Ads will prevent Apple from using this information for ad personalization. It may not decrease the number of ads you receive, but the ads may be less relevant to you.
You can turn off Personalized Ads on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On Mac, go to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising, and deselect Personalized Ads. The Personalized Ads option may be unavailable if you are a minor, have a managed account, or are in a location where Apple does not deliver advertising to its apps.
Preventing Fraud and Other Malicious Activity
To help identify and prevent fraud and other malicious activity within ads, Apple’s advertising platform may use information about your searches on the App Store, the ads you view and tap, and the apps you purchase and download from ads. This information is collected against a random identifier not tied to your Apple Account.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
Published Date: September 20, 2024