Privacy Policy
Launchround Inc. built the Pencil Bible app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Launchround Inc. and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions
, which are accessible at Pencil Bible unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Name, Surname, Email. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
Information Collected Automatically
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, to analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device when you use that device to visit our Services.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies.
Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies.
Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. Some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track (“DNT”) preferences. We make efforts to respond to DNT signals, although as there is not yet a uniform industry standard for handling DNT signals from website browsers, we cannot guarantee our response to DNT signals.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
or
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services. We use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To meet or fulfill the reason you provided the information to us.
To communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements, updates, or offers.
To provide support and assistance for the Services.
To create and manage your Account or other user profiles.
To personalize website content and communications based on your preferences.
To process orders or other transactions.
To respond to user inquiries and fulfill user requests.
To improve and develop the Services, including testing, research, analysis, and product development.
To protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal, or harmful actions and maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Services.
To comply with our legal or contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms of Use.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
For any other business, the purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us with the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our services. If you do not want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you can follow the unsubscribe link that is present in each of these emails or indicate your preference by emailing us at erin@pencilbible.com. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out.
Disclosures of Personal Data for a Business Purpose
We disclose your Personal Data to service providers and other parties for the following business purposes:
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.
Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that we own, manufacture, was manufactured for us, or control.
Sales of Personal Data
We do not “sell” Personal Data and have not “sold” Personal Data for purposes of the CCPA in the last 12 months. We have shared Personal Data with service providers over the last 12 months which did not constitute a sale under then-applicable law.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational, and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. The Services use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of sensitive Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanisms; limiting access to your computer or device and browser, and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA, and we will not engage in such discrimination. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you with a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
European Union Data Subject Rights
EU Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below.
For this section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage, and disclosure. Launchround Inc. generally will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with your use of the Services, unless we are handling your Personal Data as a processor on behalf of your organization.
If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at erin@pencilbible.com
Personal Data We Collect
The “Categories of Personal Data We Collect” section above details the Personal Data that we collect from you.
Personal Data Use and Processing Grounds
The “How We Use Your Personal Data” section above explains how we use your Personal Data.
We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity, and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Contractual Necessity:
We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Service with you, which enables us to provide you with the Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such data.
A. Personal identifiers.
B. Customer records identified by state law.
C. Internet or other similar network activity information.
Legitimate Interest:
We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties.
A. Personal identifiers.
B. Customer records identified by state law.
C. Internet or other similar network activity information.
Examples of these legitimate interests include:
Operation and improvement of our business, products and services
Marketing of our products and services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Compliance with legal obligations
Completion of corporate transactions
Consent:
In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds:
From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Sharing Personal Data
The “How We Share Your Personal Data” section above details how we share your Personal Data with third parties.
EU Data Subject Rights
If you are an EU Data Subject, you have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email erin@pencilbible.com. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access:
You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by emailing erin@pencilbible.com.
Rectification:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly via your account page in our applications.
Erasure:
You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the Company’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Company and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Company in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Company to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-07-23
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@pencilbible.com
‣
Hidden