Home
News
References
About
FAQ
Contact
Data protection
Privacy Policy
1. An overview of data protection
General information
The following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. The term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.
Data recording on this website
Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e., the “controller”)?
The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)” in this Privacy Policy.
How do we record your data?
We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.
Other data shall be recorded by our IT systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g., web browser, operating system, or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access this website.
What are the purposes we use your data for?
A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns. If contracts can be concluded or initiated via the website, the transmitted data will also be processed for contract offers, orders or other order enquiries.
What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients, and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated. If you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing. Moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.
Analysis tools and tools provided by third parties
There is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit this website. Such analyses are performed primarily with what we refer to as analysis programs.
For detailed information about these analysis programs please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.
2. Hosting
We are hosting the content of our website at the following provider:
Hetzner
The provider is the Hetzner Online GmbH, Industriestr. 25, 91710 Gunzenhausen, Germany (hereinafter referred to as Hetzner).
For details, please view the data privacy policy of Hetzner:
https://www.hetzner.com/de/legal/privacy-policy/
.
We use Hetzner on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in the most reliable depiction of our website possible. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
Data processing
We have concluded a data processing agreement (DPA) for the use of the above-mentioned service. This is a contract mandated by data privacy laws that guarantees that they process personal data of our website visitors only based on our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.
3. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.
Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e., through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third-party access.
Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)
The data processing controller on this website is:
Software Notion
Kornblumenring 40
31600 Uchte
Germany
CEO: Sebastian Kruse
Phone:
+49 (0) 5763 / 7949148
E-mail:
info@software-notion.de
The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g., names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Storage duration
Unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. If you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.
General information on the legal basis for the data processing on this website
If you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR or Art. 9 (2)(a) GDPR, if special categories of data are processed according to Art. 9 (1) DSGVO. In the case of explicit consent to the transfer of personal data to third countries, the data processing is also based on Art. 49 (1)(a) GDPR. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your end device (e.g., via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally based on § 25 (1) TDDDG. The consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is required for the fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Furthermore, if your data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, we process it on the basis of Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR. Furthermore, the data processing may be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest according to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Information on the relevant legal basis in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this privacy policy.
Recipients of personal data
In the scope of our business activities, we cooperate with various external parties. In some cases, this also requires the transfer of personal data to these external parties. We only disclose personal data to external parties if this is required as part of the fulfillment of a contract, if we are legally obligated to do so (e.g., disclosure of data to tax authorities), if we have a legitimate interest in the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR, or if another legal basis permits the disclosure of this data. When using processors, we only disclose personal data of our customers on the basis of a valid contract on data processing. In the case of joint processing, a joint processing agreement is concluded.
Revocation of your consent to the processing of data
A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6(1)(E) OR (F) GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21(1) GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING AT ANY TIME. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21(2) GDPR).
Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
Information about, rectification and eradication of data
Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data at any time. You may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time.
Right to demand processing restrictions
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data instead of demanding the eradication of this data.
If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.
SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
4. Recording of data on this website
Cookies
Our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” Cookies are small data packages that do not cause any damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate your visit. Permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them, or they are automatically eradicated by your web browser.
Cookies can be issued by us (first-party cookies) or by third-party companies (so-called third-party cookies). Third-party cookies enable the integration of certain services of third-party companies into websites (e.g., cookies for handling payment services).
Cookies have a variety of functions. Many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work in the absence of these cookies (e.g., the shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies may be used to analyze user behavior or for promotional purposes.
Cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions, for the provision of certain functions you want to use (e.g., for the shopping cart function) or those that are necessary for the optimization (required cookies) of the website (e.g., cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience), shall be stored on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, unless a different legal basis is cited. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the storage of required cookies to ensure the technically error-free and optimized provision of the operator’s services. If your consent to the storage of the cookies and similar recognition technologies has been requested, the processing occurs exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG); this consent may be revoked at any time.
You have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases. You may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or in general or activate the delete-function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes. If cookies are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
Which cookies and services are used on this website can be found in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:
The type and version of browser used
The used operating system
Referrer URL
The hostname of the accessing computer
The time of the server inquiry
The IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.
Contact form
If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
The processing of these data is based on Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) or on your agreement (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR) if this has been requested; the consent can be revoked at any time.
The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g., after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions, in particular retention periods.
Request by e-mail, telephone, or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR) if it has been obtained; the consent can be revoked at any time.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.
Communication via WhatsApp
For communication with our customers and other third parties, one of the services we use is the instant messaging service WhatsApp. The provider is WhatsApp Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The communication is encrypted end-to-end (peer-to-peer), which prevents WhatsApp or other third parties from gaining access to the communication content. However, WhatsApp does gain access to metadata created during the communication process (for example, sender, recipient, and time). We would also like to point out that WhatsApp has stated that it shares personal data of its users with its U.S.-based parent company Meta. Further details on data processing can be found in the WhatsApp privacy policy at:
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/#privacy-policy
.
The use of WhatsApp is based on our legitimate interest in communicating as quickly and effectively as possible with customers, interested parties and other business and contractual partners (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). If a corresponding consent has been requested, data processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of the consent; this consent may be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
The communication content exchanged between you and us on WhatsApp remains with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for which the data is stored ceases to apply (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions, in particular retention periods, remain unaffected.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/7735
.
We use WhatsApp in the “WhatsApp Business” variant.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/business-data-transfer-addendum?lang=en
.
Gravatar
We have integrated Gravatar on this website. The provider is Automattic Inc., 60 29th Street #343, San Francisco, CA 94110, USA (hereinafter Gravatar).
Gravatar is a tool that lets you provide personal images (avatars) to users of our website. The avatars serve as visual representations of the users and are displayed wherever a user interacts with the platform (e.g., in forums or chats). When a user interacts with the platform, their avatar is displayed based on the choices associated with their email address. This adds a personal touch to the users' online presence and simplifies the identification process, as the selected image is associated with the users when they are active online.
When commenting or interacting on our website with Gravatar enabled, the hash of the email address of the user using Gravatar (used as an ID) is processed by Gravatar.
The use of Gravatar is based on Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in an appealing presentation of its forums. Insofar as a corresponding consent was requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
For further details, please refer to the provider's privacy policy:
https://automattic.com/privacy/
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/4709
.
5. Social media
Facebook
We have integrated elements of the social network Facebook on this website. The provider of this service is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland. According to Facebook’s statement the collected data will be transferred to the USA and other third-party countries too.
An overview of the Facebook social media elements is available under the following link:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
.
If the social media element has been activated, a direct connection between your device and the Facebook server will be established. As a result, Facebook will receive information confirming your visit to this website with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook Like button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link content of this website to your Facebook profile. Consequently, Facebook will be able to allocate your visit to this website to your user account. We have to emphasize that we as the provider of the website do not receive any information on the content of the transferred data and its use by Facebook. For more information, please consult the Data Privacy Policy of Facebook at:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
.
The use of this service is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG. Consent can be revoked at any time.
Insofar as personal data is collected on our website with the help of the tool described here and forwarded to Facebook, we and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland are jointly responsible for this data processing (Art. 26 DSGVO). The joint responsibility is limited exclusively to the collection of the data and its forwarding to Facebook. The processing by Facebook that takes place after the onward transfer is not part of the joint responsibility. The obligations incumbent on us jointly have been set out in a joint processing agreement. The wording of the agreement can be found under:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum
. According to this agreement, we are responsible for providing the privacy information when using the Facebook tool and for the privacy-secure implementation of the tool on our website. Facebook is responsible for the data security of Facebook products. You can assert data subject rights (e.g., requests for information) regarding data processed by Facebook directly with Facebook. If you assert the data subject rights with us, we are obliged to forward them to Facebook.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum
,
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
and
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/4452
.
X (formerly Twitter)
We have integrated functions of the social media platform X (formerly Twitter) into this website. These functions are provided by the parent company X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The branch Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland, is responsible for the data processing of individuals living outside the United States.
If the social media element has been activated, a direct connection between your device and X’s server will be established. As a result, X (formerly Twitter) will receive information on your visit to this website. While you use X (formerly Twitter) and the “Re-Tweet” or “Repost” function, websites you visit are linked to your X (formerly Twitter) account and disclosed to other users. We must point out, that we, the providers of the website and its pages do not know anything about the content of the data transferred and the use of this information by X (formerly Twitter). For more details, please consult the X (formerly Twitter) Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://x.com/en/privacy
.
The use of this service is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG. Consent can be revoked at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://gdpr.x.com/en/controller-to-controller-transfers.html
.
You have the option to reset your data protection settings on X (formerly Twitter) under the account settings at
https://x.com/settings/account
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/2710
.
6. Analysis tools and advertising
Matomo
This website uses the open-source web analysis service Matomo.
Through Matomo, we are able to collect and analyze data on the use of our website-by-website visitors. This enables us to find out, for instance, when which page views occurred and from which region they came. In addition, we collect various log files (e.g. IP address, referrer, browser, and operating system used) and can measure whether our website visitors perform certain actions (e.g. clicks, purchases, etc.).
The use of this analysis tool is based on Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operator’s web offerings and advertising. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
Hosting
We host Matomo exclusively on our own servers so that all analysis data remains with us and is not passed on.
Google AdSense
This website uses Google AdSense, a service for the integration of ads. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
With the assistance of Google Adsense, we are in a position to place targeted ads by third parties on our site. The contents of the ads are based on your interests, which Google determines based on your past user patterns. Moreover, when choosing compatible ads, context information, such as your location, the content of the visited website or Google search terms you have entered, will be taken into account.
Google AdSense uses Cookies, Web Beacons (invisible graphics) and comparable recognition technologies. As a result, it is possible to analyze information, such as visitor traffic data, on these sites.
The usage information for this website (including your IP address) recorded by Google Adsense and delivery of advertising formats are transferred to a Google server in the United States, where the information is stored. Google may share this information with one of its contracting partners. However, Google will not link your IP address with any other of your stored information.
The use of these services occurs on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TDDDG. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/5780
.
7. Plug-ins and Tools
YouTube
This website embeds videos of the website YouTube. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If you visit a page on this website into which a YouTube has been embedded, a connection with YouTube’s servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.
Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device or comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). In this way YouTube will be able to obtain information about this website’s visitors. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud. Furthermore, the data collected will be processed in the Google advertising network.
If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/5780
.
Google Fonts
To ensure that fonts used on this website are uniform, this website uses so-called Google Fonts provided by Google. When you access a page on our website, your browser will load the required fonts into your browser cache to correctly display text and fonts.
To do this, the browser you use will have to establish a connection with Google’s servers. As a result, Google will learn that your IP address was used to access this website. The use of Google Fonts is based on Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in a uniform presentation of the font on the operator’s website. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
If your browser should not support Google Fonts, a standard font installed on your computer will be used.
For more information on Google Fonts, please follow this link:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/5780
.
Font Awesome (local embedding)
This website uses Font Awesome to ensure the uniform use of fonts on this site. Font Awesome is locally installed so that a connection to Fonticons, Inc.’s servers will not be established in conjunction with this application.
For more information on Font Awesome, please and consult the Data Privacy Declaration for Font Awesome under:
https://fontawesome.com/privacy
.
Google Maps
This website uses the mapping service Google Maps. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. With the means of this service, we can integrate map material on our website.
To enable the use of the Google Maps features, your IP address must be stored. As a rule, this information is transferred to one of Google’s servers in the United States, where it is archived. The operator of this website has no control over the data transfer. In case Google Maps has been activated, Google has the option to use Google Fonts for the purpose of the uniform depiction of fonts. When you access Google Maps, your browser will load the required web fonts into your browser cache, to correctly display text and fonts.
We use Google Maps to present our online content in an appealing manner and to make the locations disclosed on our website easy to find. This constitutes a legitimate interest as defined in Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/gdprcontrollerterms/
and
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/gdprcontrollerterms/sccs/
.
For more information on the handling of user data, please review Google’s Data Privacy Declaration under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/5780
.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter referred to as “reCAPTCHA”) on this website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to determine whether data entered on this website (e.g., information entered into a contact form) is being provided by a human user or by an automated program. To determine this, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitors based on a variety of parameters. This analysis is triggered automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the site. For this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates a variety of data (e.g., IP address, time the website visitor spent on the site or cursor movements initiated by the user). The data tracked during such analyses are forwarded to Google.
reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background. Website visitors are not alerted that an analysis is underway.
Data are stored and analyzed on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the protection of the operator’s websites against abusive automated spying and against SPAM. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TDDDG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA please refer to the Google Data Privacy Declaration and Terms Of Use under the following links:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
and
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
.
The company is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the US, which is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards for data processing in the US. Every company certified under the DPF is obliged to comply with these data protection standards. For more information, please contact the provider under the following link:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/5780
.
Last edited: 10th December 2024
Software Notion
Kornblumenring 40
31600 Uchte
Germany
+49 (0) 5763 / 7949148
+49 (0) 5763 / 7949149
info@software-notion.de
Navigation
Home
News
References
Frequently Asked Questions
About
Contact
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Partner
Copyright
© 2015-2025 Software Notion
English
Deutsch
This website is using cookies
We use them to provide you the best experience. If you continue using our website, we'll assume that you agree to use our cookies.
Learn how to disable cookies:
Google Chrome
,
Firefox
,
Safari
,
Internet Explorer
,
Microsoft Edge
For further information please check our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hetzner.com/de/legal/privacy-policy/:
Close
Serverbörse
ab
36,89 €
35
Server Finder
ab
44,39 €
42.00
Dedicated
EX-Line
ab
46,41 €
44.00
AX-Line
ab
44,39 €
42.00
RX-Line
ab
201,11 €
188.00
SX-Line
ab
123,76 €
116.00
GPU-Line
ab
218,96 €
205.00
BRANDS
ab
248,71 €
233.00
Cloud
Web & Managed
Webhosting
ab
2,09 €
2.00
Managed Server
ab
40,46 €
38.00
Colocation
Storage
neu
Object Storage
Storage Box
ab
3,81 €
4.00
Storage Share
ab
5,11 €
5.00
Services
Load Balancer
ab
6,41 €
5.99
Domain-Registrierung
ab
11,90 €
12.00
DNS Console
kostenlos
Registration Robot
ab
3,90 €
4.00
SSL-Zertifikate
ab
38,08 €
36.00
Custom Solutions
auf Anfrage
Jobs
Community
Über uns
Unternehmen
Newsroom
Unsere Kunden
Karriere
Rechtliches
Support
Login
Cloud
Robot
konsoleH
DNS
Impressum
Datenschutz
System Policies
Dedicated Server
Cloud- und vServer
Managed Server
Webhosting
Storage Box
AGB
Digital Services Act
Widerrufsformular
TLD-Vergabebedingungen
Impressum
Datenschutz
System Policies
Dedicated Server
Cloud- und vServer
Managed Server
Webhosting
Storage Box
AGB
Digital Services Act
Widerrufsformular
TLD-Vergabebedingungen
Hetzner Online GmbH Datenschutzerklärung
Allgemein
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für alle Online-Dienste der Hetzner Online GmbH.
Verantwortliche Stelle ist:
Hetzner Online GmbH
Industriestr. 25
91710 Gunzenhausen
Deutschland
Tel.: +49 (0)9831 505-0
Fax: +49 (0)9831 505-3
E-Mail:
info@hetzner.com
Registergericht Ansbach, HRB 6089
USt-Id Nr. DE 812871812
Geschäftsführer: Martin Hetzner, Stephan Konvickova, Günther Müller
Datenschutzbeauftragte ist Alena Scholz,
data-protection@hetzner.com
.
Wie werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet?
Wir speichern und verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur für die Bearbeitung Ihrer Aufträge und für die Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen.
                Soweit Sie unseren Newsletter abonniert haben, nutzen wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse darüber hinaus zu dessen Versand. Wenn Sie sich auf
hetzner-status.de
angemeldet haben, benachrichtigen wir Sie über Störungsmeldungen aus unseren Datacentern.
                Über unser Bewerberportal können Sie sich um eine Stelle bei uns bewerben und uns Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen zusenden.
Welche Kategorien von Daten werden von uns erhoben?
Bei jedem Aufruf userer Internetseite wird u.a. Ihre IP-Adresse in anonymisierter Form gespeichert. Wenn Sie sich bei uns registrieren, werden Ihre Kontaktdaten gespeichert. Wenn Sie Produkte bei uns bestellen, werden auch Ihre Adresse und Ihre Zahlungsdaten gespeichert.
Im Einzelnen speichern wir folgende Daten von Ihnen:
Registrierungsdaten
Im Rahmen Ihrer Registrierung bei uns müssen wir bestimmte personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen als Ihre Registrierungsdaten erheben und verarbeiten.
                Z.B. benötigen wir Ihren Namen, Adressdaten, Telefonnummer, Zahlungsdaten und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse um Ihre Bestellungen zu bearbeiten.
                Bei der Bezahlung mit Kreditkarte erfassen und speichern wir keine Zahlungsverkehrsinformationen wie Kreditkartennummern oder Prüfnummern.
                Diese geben Sie ausschließlich direkt dem jeweiligen Zahlungsdiensteanbieter bekannt.
Ausnahme ist bei Kreditkartenzahlungen eine sogenannte Pseudokartennummer:
                Damit Sie Ihre Kreditkartendaten nicht bei jedem Bezahlvorgang erneut eingeben müssen, wird eine Pseudokartennummer zu Ihrem Kundenkonto gespeichert.
                Die Pseudokartennummer ermöglicht nur die Bezahlung von Angeboten auf unserer Webseite, die von Ihrem Kundenkonto aus bestellt werden und ist nicht identisch mit der Kreditkartennummer.
                Wir löschen diese Daten innerhalb von 24 Monaten, sobald Sie Ihr Nutzerkonto bei uns löschen bzw. wenn die gesetzliche Aufbewahrungsfrist abgelaufen ist.
                Sie können Ihr Nutzerkonto bei uns löschen, indem Sie uns eine E-Mail an
data-protection@hetzner.com
mit der Bitte um Löschung senden.
                Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
E-Mail-Adressen
Wenn Sie unseren Newsletter abonniert haben, wenn Sie bei einem Hetzner Cloud Projekt zur Mitarbeit eingeladen wurden oder wenn Sie sich bei
status.hetzner.com
eingetragen haben, speichern wir ebenfalls Ihre E-Mail-Adresse.
                Wir löschen diese Daten, wenn Sie Ihr Nutzerkonto löschen oder wenn Sie den Newsletter abbestellt haben.
Zur Gewährleistung einer einverständlichen Newsletter-Versendung nutzen wir das sogenannte Double-Opt-in-Verfahren.
                Im Zuge dessen lässt sich der potentielle Empfänger in einen Verteiler aufnehmen. Anschließend erhält der Nutzer durch eine Bestätigungs-E-Mail die Möglichkeit,
                die Anmeldung rechtssicher zu bestätigen. Nur wenn die Bestätigung erfolgt, wird die Adresse aktiv in den Verteiler aufgenommen.
Diese Daten verwenden wir ausschließlich für den Versand der angeforderten Informationen und Angebote.
Als Newsletter Software wird Brevo verwendet. Ihre Daten werden dabei an die Sendinblue GmbH übermittelt. Brevo ist es dabei untersagt, Ihre Daten zu verkaufen und für andere Zwecke als für den Versand unserer Newsletter zu nutzen. Brevo ist ein deutscher, zertifizierter Anbieter, welcher nach den Anforderungen der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und des Bundesdatenschutzgesetzes ausgewählt wurde.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie hier:
https://www.brevo.com/de/informationen-newsletter-empfaenger/
Die erteilte Einwilligung zur Speicherung der Daten, der E-Mail-Adresse sowie deren Nutzung zum Versand des Newsletters können Sie jederzeit widerrufen, etwa über den "Abmelden"-Link im Newsletter.
                Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a oder Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Server-Logfiles
Immer wenn Sie unsere Internetseiten aufrufen, speichern wir automatisch bestimmte Daten.
                Dazu gehören u.a. IP-Adresse, Typ und Version des verwendeten Browsers, Uhrzeit, Datum sowie Website, von der Nutzer auf unsere Seite kommen.
                Die IP-Adresse wird anonymisiert gespeichert. Ein Personenbezug ist nicht mehr herstellbar. Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f  DSGVO.
Forum
Wenn Sie sich in unserem Onlineforum angemeldet haben, speichern wir Ihren Nutzernamen und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse.
                Nachdem Sie Ihren Account im Forum gelöscht haben, werden die gespeicherten Daten ebenfalls gelöscht. Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a  DSGVO.
Bewerberportal
Sie haben uns Bewerbungsunterlagen wie, z. B. Lebenslauf, Zeugnisse und Bewerbungsanschreiben zugesandt.
                Bewerbungsunterlagen von Bewerbungen, die nicht zur Stellenbesetzung geführt haben, werden nach 6 Monaten gelöscht.
                Wenn Sie uns Ihr Einverständnis für eine weitere Speicherung gegeben haben, werden Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen nach 24 Monaten gelöscht.
                Bei Bewerbungen, die zu einer Stellenbesetzung geführt haben, werden die Unterlagen in unsere Mitarbeiterverwaltung überführt.
                Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten im Bewerbungsverfahren ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Gewinnspiele
Auf unseren Internetseiten bieten wir zu verschiedenen Gelegenheiten Gewinnspiele an.
                Wir speichern Ihren Vornamen, Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und unter Umständen das Land aus dem Sie kommen.
                Die erhobenen Daten werden nur für die Abwicklung des Gewinnspiels verwendet.
                Wenn das Gewinnspiel abgeschlossen ist und der oder die Gewinner ermittelt und beanchrichtigt worden sind, werden die erhobenen Daten gelöscht.
                Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a  DSGVO.
Website-Analyse
Wir setzen auf unserer Website das Open Source Webanalysetool Matomo als selbstgehostetes System ein.
                Matomo verwendet Cookies. Das sind Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Computer gespeichert werden und die eine Analyse der Benutzung der Website durch Sie ermöglichen.
                Dazu werden die durch den Cookie erzeugten Informationen über die Benutzung dieser Website auf unserem Server gespeichert.
Die durch den Cookie erzeugten Informationen über die Benutzung dieser Website werden nicht an Dritte weitergegeben.
                Sie können die Speicherung der Cookies durch eine entsprechende Einstellung Ihrer Browser-Software verhindern;
                wir weisen Sie jedoch darauf hin, dass Sie in diesem Fall möglicherweise nicht alle Funktionen dieser Website nutzen können.
Wenn Sie mit der Speicherung und Nutzung Ihrer Daten nicht einverstanden sind, können Sie die Speicherung und Nutzung deaktivieren.
Bitte klicken Sie dazu hier
Einstellungen anzeigen
In diesem Fall wird in Ihrem Browser ein Opt-Out-Cookie hinterlegt, der verhindert, dass Matomo Nutzungsdaten speichert.
An wen geben wir Ihre Daten weiter?
Neben der verantwortlichen Stelle haben gegebenenfalls externe Dienstleister, die uns bei der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen unterstützen, Zugriff auf Ihre Daten.
                Vereinzelt können sonstige Dritte wie Behörden, externe Berater oder bestimmte Geschäftspartner Ihre Daten erhalten.
Im Einzelnen sind dies bei:
Domainregistrierung
Wenn wir für Sie eine Domain registrieren, so geben wir die notwendigen Daten an die entsprechende Registrierungsstelle weiter.
Zahlungen mit Kreditkarte:
Bei der Bezahlung mit Kreditkarte erfolgt die Abwicklung der Bezahlung durch einen externen Dienstleister.
                Für die Kreditkartenzahlung werden Ihre Angaben direkt vom Diensteanbieter Computop Wirtschaftsinformatik GmbH, Schwarzenbergstr. 4, D-96050 Bamberg erhoben.
Inkasso
Im Falle des Inkassos werden die erforderlichen Daten an einen externen Dienstleister weitergegeben.
Bewerbungsunterlagen
Für den Fall, dass Sie sich über unser Bewerberportal auf eine Stelle in Tuusula, Finnland  oder in München (Unterföhring) bewerben,
                geben wir Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen an unsere Tochterfirmen Hetzner Finland OY oder Hetzner Cloud GmbH weiter.
                Es liegen mit beiden Verträge zur Auftragsverarbeitung vor.
Wir verwenden für das Bewerbermanagement eine Software von rexx systems GmbH . Ein Vertrag zur Auftragsverarbeitung mit dem Dienstleister liegt vor.
Drittländer
Datenübermittlungen an Drittländer finden unter Einhaltung der gesetzlich geregelten Zulässigkeitsvoraussetzungen statt.
                Wenn die Übermittlung der Daten an ein Drittland nicht zur Erfüllung unseres Vertrags mit Ihnen dient, wir keine Einwilligung Ihrerseits haben,
                die Übermittlung nicht zur Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen erforderlich ist und auch sonst keine Ausnahmeregelung gilt,
                übermitteln wir Ihre Daten nur dann an ein Drittland, wenn ein Angemessenheitsbeschluss nach Art. 45 DSGVO oder geeignete Garantien nach Art. 46 DSGVO vorliegen.
Weitere Kategorien von Empfängern
Staatliche Stellen und Gerichte
Wo werden Ihre Daten verarbeitet?
Die Daten werden ausschließlich in unseren Datacentern in Deutschland und in Finnland verarbeitet.
Cookies und Widerspruchsrecht bei Direktwerbung
Als „Cookies“ werden kleine Dateien bezeichnet, die auf Rechnern der Nutzer gespeichert werden.
                Innerhalb der Cookies können unterschiedliche Angaben gespeichert werden.
                Ein Cookie dient primär dazu, die Angaben zu einem Nutzer (bzw. dem Gerät auf dem das Cookie gespeichert ist) während oder auch nach seinem Besuch innerhalb eines Onlineangebotes zu speichern.
                Als temporäre Cookies, bzw. „Session-Cookies“ oder „transiente Cookies“, werden Cookies bezeichnet, die gelöscht werden, nachdem ein Nutzer ein Onlineangebot verlässt und seinen Browser schließt.
                In einem solchen Cookie kann z.B. der Inhalt eines Warenkorbs in einem Onlineshop oder ein Login-Staus gespeichert werden.
                Als „permanent“ oder „persistent“ werden Cookies bezeichnet, die auch nach dem Schließen des Browsers gespeichert bleiben.
                So kann z.B. der Login-Status gespeichert werden, wenn die Nutzer diese nach mehreren Tagen aufsuchen.
                Ebenso können in einem solchen Cookie die Interessen der Nutzer gespeichert werden, die für Reichweitenmessung oder Marketingzwecke verwendet werden.
                Als „Third-Party-Cookie“ werden Cookies bezeichnet, die von anderen Anbietern als dem Verantwortlichen, der das Onlineangebot betreibt,
                angeboten werden (andernfalls, wenn es nur dessen Cookies sind spricht man von „First-Party Cookies“).
Wir können temporäre und permanente Cookies einsetzen und klären hierüber im Rahmen unserer Datenschutzerklärung auf.
Falls die Nutzer nicht möchten, dass Cookies auf ihrem Rechner gespeichert werden, werden sie gebeten, die entsprechende Option in den Systemeinstellungen ihres Browsers zu deaktivieren.
                Gespeicherte Cookies können in den Systemeinstellungen des Browsers gelöscht werden. Der Ausschluss von Cookies kann zu Funktionseinschränkungen dieses Onlineangebotes führen.
Ein genereller Widerspruch gegen den Einsatz, der zu Zwecken des Onlinemarketing eingesetzten Cookies, kann bei einer Vielzahl der Dienste, vor allem im Fall des Trackings, über die US-amerikanische Seite
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
oder die EU-Seite
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
erklärt werden.
                Des Weiteren kann die Speicherung von Cookies mittels deren Abschaltung in den Einstellungen des Browsers erreicht werden.
                Bitte beachten Sie, dass dann gegebenenfalls nicht alle Funktionen dieses Onlineangebotes genutzt werden können.
Nutzung unseres Chatbots
1. Allgemeines
Wir bei Hetzner setzen auf fortschrittliche Technologien, um unseren Kunden den bestmöglichen Service zu bieten.
                Aus diesem Grund haben wir den Chatbot „Ask AI“ eingeführt, der Sie bei Fragen rund um unsere Produktwelt unterstützt.
                Der Chatbot wird von kapa.ai betrieben und nutzt im Hintergrund die Technologie von ChatGPT. Weitere Informationen zum Chatbot finden Sie unter
https://www.kapa.ai
.
Die Beantwortung Ihrer Anfragen erfolgt seitens des Chatbots vollautomatisiert und auf der Basis von Textanalyse und maschinellem Lernen.
                Die Antworten basieren ausschließlich auf Informationen, die Hetzner erstellt hat, bspw. in den
Hetzner Docs
.
Im Rahmen der kontinuierlichen Verbesserung und Weiterentwicklung des Chatbots kann es notwendig sein, dass wir Anpassungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung vornehmen.
                Aufgrund dessen empfehlen wir Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit erneut zu überprüfen.
2. Umfang und Rechtsgrundlage der Datenverarbeitung
Um Ihre Anfragen zu beantworten, sammelt und verwendet der Chatbot zunächst alle Informationen, die Sie als Nutzer bereitstellen.
Für die Nutzung des Chatbot benötigen wir keine personenbezogenen Daten.
Zur Erhöhung des Schutzes und der Sicherheit Ihrer Daten setzen wir deshalb auch ein Tool zur automatischen Erkennung personenbezogener Daten (im Folgenden „PII-Tool“) ein:
                Sollten Sie dem Chatbot personenbezogene Daten wie Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse zur Verfügung stellen, werden diese vom Tool automatisch erkannt.
                In diesem Fall gibt Ihnen der Chatbot eine entsprechende Rückmeldung und bittet Sie, Ihre Anfrage erneut und ohne personenbezogene Daten einzugeben.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass trotz unserer Bemühungen zur automatischen Erkennung personenbezogener Daten keine vollständige Garantie zur Erkennung aller von Ihnen eingegeben personenbezogenen Daten gegeben werden kann.
Konkrete Anfragen zu Ihrem Kundenaccount stellen Sie bitte direkt über eine Supportanfrage via
https://accounts.hetzner.com
.
Die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten erfolgt ausschließlich zum Zweck der Bereitstellung dieses Services und zur kontinuierlichen Verbesserung unserer Dienstleistungen.
                Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit unserem PII-Tool ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Kapa.ai nutzt die Enterprise-Version von ChatGPT, welche ebenfalls keine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet.
                Nähere Informationen finden Sie in den Datenschutzbestimmungen von ChatGPT unter
https://openai.com/enterprise-privacy
.
2.1 reCaptcha
Bei der Nutzung des Chatbots wird reCaptcha eingesetzt, ein von Google LLC entwickelter Dienst, der dazu dient, die Sicherheit von Websites zu erhöhen.
                Weitere Informationen zu reCaptcha finden Sie unter
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/
.
                Durch die Verwendung von reCAPTCHA werden Google Fonts geladen. Nähere Informationen zu Google Fonts finden Sie unter
https://fonts.google.com/about
.
3. Empfänger der Daten / Weitergabe von Daten
Aufgrund des Einsatzes des PII-Tools, werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Server von kapa.ai Inc. in die USA übertragen und dort verarbeitet.
                Weitere Informationen zum Thema Datenschutz entnehmen Sie bitte den Datenschutzbestimmungen von kapa.ai unter
https://www.kapa.ai/content/privacy-policy
4. Speicherung und Verarbeitung der Daten
Der vollständige Gesprächsverlauf zwischen Ihnen und dem Chatbot sowie der Nutzungszeitpunkt (Datum und Uhrzeit des Abrufs) werden nach der Bearbeitung Ihrer Anfrage bei kapa.ai gespeichert.
                Es werden dabei weder personenbezogenen Daten abgefragt noch gespeichert.
Die erfassten Chatverläufe dienen Hetzner ausschließlich dazu, die Qualität der Antworten zu überprüfen, zu verbessern und etwaige Fehler zu beheben.
                Ihre Daten werden nicht zu Trainingszwecken des Large Language Modells (LLMs) verwendet.
                Ein mögliches von Ihnen abgegebenes Feedback auf die Antworten des Chatbots nutzen wir bei Hetzner, um künftige Antworten zu optimieren.
                Die Datenbasis wird im Rahmen der redaktionellen Pflege ständig erweitert.
5. Cookies
Um den Chatbot nutzen zu können, ist es notwendig, dass Sie alle Cookies zulassen.
                Sofern Sie bei Aufruf unserer Website ausschließlich die notwendigen Cookies akzeptiert haben, erfolgt bei Klick auf das Ask-AI-Symbol eine erneute Abfrage, ob Sie der Nutzung aller Cookies zustimmen.
                Sofern Sie zustimmen, werden verschiedene Cookies gesetzt:
Session-Cookie
Der Session-Cookie wird im Arbeitsspeicher Ihres Gerätes gespeichert. Er enthält eine Identifikationsnummer (Session-ID) sowie Informationen über Herkunft und Speicherfrist.
                    Der Cookie wird nur für die Dauer Ihres Besuchs auf unserer Website gespeichert und beim Verlassen der Seite oder Schließen des Browserfensters gelöscht.
                    Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten dabei auf Grundlage des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO, da der Session-Cookie für die Funktion des Chatbots zwingend erforderlich ist.
Google-Cookies
Bei der Nutzung des Chatbots kommt Google reCAPTCHA (im Folgenden “reCAPTCHA”) zum Einsatz. Dies ist ein Dienst von Google Inc. (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (im Folgenden “Google”), der die Sicherheit von Websites erhöht, indem er prüft, ob Dateneingaben von Menschen oder automatisierten Programmen stammen. Diese Analyse erfolgt automatisch im Hintergrund bei Aufruf der Website und umfasst Daten wie Ihre IP-Adresse und die Verweildauer auf unserer Website. Die erfassten Daten werden an Google weitergeleitet. Nähere Informationen zu reCaptcha finden Sie unter
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/
.
                    Durch die Verwendung von reCAPTCHA werden auch Google Fonts geladen. Weitere Informationen zu Google Fonts finden Sie unter
https://fonts.google.com/about
.
                    Die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten erfolgt auf Grundlage des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO, das berechtigte Interesse liegt darin, den Chatbot vor missbräuchlich automatisierter Ausspähung und vor Spam zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten können Sie den Datenschutzbestimmungen von Google entnehmen:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Soweit Sie im Hintergrund mit Ihrem Google-Konto eingeloggt sind, werden durch Google weitere Cookies gesetzt. Bitte beachten Sie hierzu die Datenschutzerklärung von Google.
6. Erstellung von Logfiles
Um die reibungslose Nutzung des Chatbots zu ermöglichen und Verbesserungen an diesem Service vornehmen zu können, werden bei der Nutzung automatisch Informationen auf den Servern von kapa.ai gespeichert.
                Diese Informationen umfassen das Datum und die Uhrzeit des Abrufs, die Meldung, ob der Abruf erfolgreich war, und die URL.
                Diese Daten werden für maximal 30 Tage in einer Protokolldatei gespeichert und können möglicherweise eine Identifizierung Ihrer Person ermöglichen.
                Die Rechtsgrundlage für die vorübergehende Speicherung der Logfiles ist Artikel 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO, da die Erfassung und Speicherung dieser Daten für den Betrieb des Chatbots zwingend erforderlich sind.
7. Sicherheit
Ihre Daten werden über eine HTTPS-Verschlüsselung an den Chatbot übertragen.
                Wir ergreifen gemeinsam mit kapa.ai zahlreiche technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen, um sicherzustellen,
                dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unberechtigten Zugriffen durch Dritte geschützt sind.
Umfragen
Um uns und unsere Produkte stetig zu verbessern, führen wir Umfragen durch.
                Die Teilnahme ist freiwillig. Wir nutzen bei der Befragung das Tool LimeSurvey
                (
https://www.limesurvey.org/de
).
Sofern im Rahmen der Umfrage personenbezogene Daten erhoben werden, werden diese direkt beim Anbieter verarbeitet und gespeichert.
                Die Datenschutzhinweise des Unternehmens können Sie über den folgenden Link abrufen:
https://www.limesurvey.org/de/datenschutzhinweise
Social Media Daten
Youtube
Wir binden die Videos der Plattform “YouTube” des Anbieters Google (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland) ein.
Datenschutzerklärung:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://youtube.com/opt-out
.
Rechtliche Grundlage hierfür ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Onlinepräsenzen in sozialen Medien
Wir unterhalten Onlinepräsenzen innerhalb sozialer Netzwerke und Plattformen, um mit unseren Kunden, Interessenten und Nutzern kommunizieren und sie dort über unsere Leistungen informieren zu können.
                Es handelt sich dabei u.a. um Facebook, Twitter und Instagram. Beim Aufruf der jeweiligen Plattformen gelten die Geschäftsbedingungen und die Datenverarbeitungsrichtlinien des jeweiligen Betreibers.
Soweit nicht anders im Rahmen unserer Datenschutzerklärung angegeben, verarbeiten wir die Daten der Nutzer sofern diese mit uns innerhalb der sozialen Netzwerke und Plattformen kommunizieren,
                z.B. Beiträge auf unseren Onlinepräsenzen verfassen oder uns Nachrichten zusenden.
Die Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten der Nutzer erfolgt auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen an einer umfassenden Information der Nutzer und Kommunikation mit den Nutzern gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO.
                Falls die Nutzer von den jeweiligen Anbietern der Plattformen um eine Einwilligung in die Datenverarbeitung gebeten werden, ist die Rechtsgrundlage der Verarbeitung Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a. DSGVO.
Für eine detaillierte Darstellung der jeweiligen Verarbeitungen und der Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten (Opt-Out), verweisen wir auf die nachfolgend verlinkten Angaben der Anbieter.
Facebook:
Anbieter: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2, Irland.
Datenschutzerklärung:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.
X (ehemals Twitter):
Anbieter: Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Irland.
Datenschutzerklärung:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://help.twitter.com/de/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
Instagram:
Anbieter: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2, Irland.
Datenschutzerklärung:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Youtube:
Anbieter: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland.
Datenschutzerklärung:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Ihre Rechte als „Betroffene“
Sie haben das Recht auf Auskunft über die von uns zu Ihrer Person verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten.
                Bei einer Auskunftsanfrage, die nicht schriftlich erfolgt, bitten wir um Verständnis dafür, dass wir dann ggf. Nachweise von Ihnen verlangen, die belegen, dass Sie die Person sind, für die Sie sich ausgeben.
                Ferner haben Sie ein Recht auf Berichtigung oder Löschung oder auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung, soweit Ihnen dies gesetzlich zusteht.
                Ferner haben Sie ein Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung im Rahmen der gesetzlichen Vorgaben. Gleiches gilt für ein Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit.
Beschwerderecht
Sie haben das Recht, sich über die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten durch uns bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz zu beschweren.
Freiwilligkeit der Datenzurverfügungstellung
Es besteht keine gesetzliche Pflicht für die Bereitstellung Ihrer Daten an Hetzner Online GmbH.
                Allerdings können Sie bestimmte Dienste von uns nicht in Anspruch nehmen, wenn Sie uns Ihre Daten nicht zur Verfügung stellen.
                Die Bereitstellung Ihrer Daten ist vollkommen freiwillig.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Last updated: 16 February 2024 (
archived versions
)
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Key Updates
WhatsApp Legal Info
Information We Collect
Information Shared by You and by WhatsApp with Third Parties
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis For Processing
How To Exercise Your Rights
Retention of Your Information
Deleting Your Information
Managing Your Information
Working With Authorities, Advisors And Industry Partners
Transferring information outside the EEA as part of Our Global Operations
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you live in the
UK
, WhatsApp LLC provides the Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
If you live outside the
UK
or
European Region
, WhatsApp LLC provides the Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
Key Updates
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy in line with new EU regulations. We’ve also made changes to our international data transfer mechanisms and changes to ensure a consistent minimum age requirement for WhatsApp globally. These updates include:
Digital Markets Act (DMA) requirements: Under the DMA, WhatsApp is required to make basic functionalities of its messaging service interoperable with other third party providers of messaging services. We’ve added information for users who choose to use the interoperable message experience to explain the new processing activities.
Digital Services Act (DSA) requirements: We've added information covering our processing in line with our regulatory obligations under the DSA.
International data transfer mechanisms: We’re making changes to our international data transfer mechanisms. For users in the European Region, we will adopt the new EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
Minimum age requirement: We’re reducing the minimum age to use WhatsApp in the European Region from 16 to 13. This ensures a consistent minimum age requirement for WhatsApp globally.
As always, your personal messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one else, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them.
Back to top
WhatsApp Legal Info
If you live in the
European Region
, WhatsApp Ireland Limited ("WhatsApp," "our," "we," or "us") provides our
Services
to you under the
Terms of Service
and this Privacy Policy.
Respect for your privacy is coded into our DNA. Since we started WhatsApp, we've aspired to build our
Services
with a set of strong privacy principles in mind.
We are one of the
Meta Companies
. Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains our data practices, including the information we process to provide our
Services
.
For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and how this affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy, like building our Services so delivered messages aren't stored by us and giving you control over who you communicate with on our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services unless specified otherwise. Some products or features that we offer have supplemental privacy policies which supplement this WhatsApp Privacy Policy:
Channels Supplemental Privacy Policy
. If you are a user of another messaging service that is interoperable with WhatsApp under Article 7 of the Digital Markets Act, then this
notice
applies to you for the limited processing activities that enable interoperable messaging.
Please also read WhatsApp's
Terms of Service
("Terms"), which describe the terms under which you use and we provide our Services.
Back to top
Information We Collect
The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services. We require certain of
Your Account Information
in accordance with our Terms to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services.
Our Services have optional features which, if used by you, require us to collect additional information to provide such features. You will be notified of such a collection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. For example, you cannot share your
Precise Location Information
with your contacts if you do not enable location sharing on your device. Permissions can be managed through your device-based settings on both
Android
and
iOS
devices.
As always, your personal messages and calls remain end-to-end encrypted. No one else, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them.
Information You Provide
Your Account Information
. You must provide your mobile phone number and a profile name of your choice to create a WhatsApp account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services. You can add other optional information to your account, such as a profile picture, and "about" information.
User Content.
Your Messages, Media within Messages, and Calls: We offer end-to-end encryption for our Services. End-to-end encryption means that your calls, messages, media within messages including content like images, audio, video, documents and files are encrypted to protect against third parties (including WhatsApp) from seeing that content. Learn more about
end-to-end encryption
and
how businesses communicate with you on WhatsApp
.
Typically your messages are stored on your device(s) and not on our servers. We temporarily store your messages in encrypted form while they are being delivered. Once your messages are delivered, they are deleted from our servers.
If a message cannot be delivered, we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days while we try to deliver it. If a message is still undelivered after 30 days, we delete it. We cannot see the contents of undelivered messages stored on our servers as they are encrypted.
When a user sends media within a message, we store that media for up to 30 days in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery, such as if recipients choose to forward the media. We cannot see the media as it is encrypted.
Status Information. You can choose to share your Status, which is also end-to-end encrypted.
Precise Location Information. We enable you to share your Precise Location Information from your device when you choose to use location-related features, like when you decide to share your current location with, or send live location to your contacts, or view locations nearby. Precise Location Information that you share with your contacts in your chats is encrypted so WhatsApp cannot see it. You can control your Precise Location Information sharing in your in-app settings (see more information for
iPhone
and
Android
) and your device-based settings.
You may also provide content that is not encrypted which means that we can see it. This includes your profile picture, your "about" information and names and descriptions of your communities and groups. When you choose to use certain avatars features, such as using a photo to enable us to suggest an avatar that more closely resembles you, we process the photo and parts of your face or body features in the photo frame. The information we use for this process is not used to identify you.
Your Connections
.
You can use contact upload and provide us with the phone numbers in your device address book on a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your other contacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll manage this information in a way that is designed to ensure that those contacts cannot be identified by us. Learn more
about contact upload
and about the information we provide to people who do not use WhatsApp
here
. We also collect information on users who contact you that aren't in your device address book and any users you've blocked or who have blocked you.
Your Community and Group Information
.
You can create, join, or get added to communities, groups and broadcast lists, and such communities, groups and lists get associated with your account. You give your groups and communities a name. You can provide a community or group profile picture or description. We also collect information about when communities and groups are created or updated.
Customer Support Information And Other Communications
.
When you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us (for example, through optional surveys), you may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including copies of your messages, any other information you deem helpful in order for us to understand and resolve your query, and how to contact you (e.g., an email address). For example, you may send us an email with information relating to app performance or other issues. We also collect information on how you use our customer support features (e.g., the searches you make on our Help Center), any feedback you give us on the customer support experience and your responses to surveys or questions on a range of topics (including, for example, what you like or don't like about the Service or Meta Companies).
Account Access Information
.
When you sign up or log-in to our Service, we verify your WhatsApp account, for example, by sending you a code via SMS or calling you. You can also add a PIN to enable two-step verification and an email address that can be used to reset that PIN. Depending on the circumstances, we ask you for information to prove that you are the true owner of your WhatsApp account.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage Information
.
We collect information about your usage of our Services. This includes collecting information about your activity (including how you use our Services), how you interact with others using our Services (including when you search for and interact with a business), and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities. This also includes information about the features you use like our messaging (and integrated applications), calling, Status, avatars, communities, groups or business features; whether you are online; timestamps related to your use such as when you last used our Services (your "last seen") and the times you send and receive calls and messages; and when you last updated your "about" information.
Log and Troubleshooting Information
.
We collect information about how our Services are performing when you use them, like service related diagnostic and performance information. This information includes log files, timestamps, diagnostic or crash data, website performance logs and error messages or reports.
Device And Connection Information
.
We collect device and connection-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information including whether you are using wifi or cellular data, mobile operator or internet service provider (ISP), language and time zone, IP address, device operations information and identifiers (including identifiers unique to
Meta Company Products
associated with the same device or account).
General Location Information
.
Even if you do not choose to use our precise location-related features (see
Information Shared by You and by WhatsApp with Third Parties
), we use IP addresses and other information like phone number area codes, to estimate your general location (e.g., country).
Cookies
.
We collect information using cookies to operate and provide our web-based Services and website.
Learn more
about how we use cookies to provide you our Services.
User Choices
.
We collect information about your in-app settings, privacy settings and records about when you accepted terms. Only you are in control of your
privacy settings
which can be used to change, for example, who can see your "last seen", profile photo, "about" information, Status updates, read receipts or add you to groups. We also collect information about whether you have enabled push notifications and whether you wish to send disappearing messages.
Authentication Information
.
To verify and grant appropriate authorisations as you use the Services (such as when you choose to use encrypted backups and create your unique password), we create and store authentication codes which are a security measure to ensure only you are accessing your account. Authentication Information also includes your public encryption keys that our end-to-end encryption protocol uses. Messages are encrypted before they reach our servers which means that we cannot see them.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
Information Others Provide About You
.
We receive information about you from other users. For example, when other users you know use our Services, they may provide your phone number if they use
contact upload
just as you may provide theirs. We require each of these users to have lawful rights to collect, use, and share your information before providing any information to us. They may also send you messages, send messages to groups to which you belong, or call you. You should keep in mind that in general any user can capture screenshots of your chats or messages or make recordings of your calls with them and send them to WhatsApp or anyone else, or post them on another platform.
User Reports
.
Just as you can report other users, other users or third parties may also choose to report to us your interactions and your messages with them or others on our Services; for example, to report possible violations of our Terms or policies. When a report is submitted to us through the reporting tools, we receive information from the reporter on both the reporting user and those reported. To find out more about the information we receive when a User Report is submitted to us and what happens when a User Report is submitted, please see
About blocking and reporting contacts
.
Businesses On WhatsApp
.
When businesses you interact with while using our Services provide us with information about their interactions with you, we require each of these businesses to act in accordance with applicable law.
When you
message with a business on WhatsApp
, keep in mind that the content you share may be visible to several people in that business. In addition, some businesses might be working with third-party service providers (which may include Meta) to help manage their communications with their customers. For example, a business may give such third-party service providers access to its communications to send, store, read, manage or otherwise process them for the business. To understand how a business processes your information, including how it might share your information with third parties or Meta, you should review that business’s privacy policy or contact the business directly.
Third-Party Services
.
WhatsApp receives information about bad actors and abuse from
Meta Companies
and app verification information from anti-abuse services to promote safety, security and integrity. For example, when Meta becomes aware of a scam encouraging individuals to contact a phone number via WhatsApp, they might share that phone number with WhatsApp so we can investigate the WhatsApp account.
We also allow you to use our Services in connection with third-party services and
Meta Company Products
. If you use our Services with such third-party services or
Meta Company Products
, we may receive information about you from them; for example, if you use the WhatsApp share button on a news service to share a news article with your WhatsApp contacts, groups, or broadcast lists on our Services.
When you choose to communicate with users of third party interoperable messaging services under Article 7 of the Digital Markets Act, we receive limited information to enable you to successfully send and receive messages, namely whether your messages are successfully delivered, information about the type of message (text or media) and when it was sent.
Please note that when you use third-party services or
Meta Company Products
, the terms and privacy policies of the company that offers those services will govern your use of those services and products.
Back to top
Information Shared by You and by WhatsApp with Third Parties
You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customise and support our Services.
Send Your Information To Those With Whom You Choose To Communicate
. You share
User Content
when you communicate through our Services or if you choose to communicate with users of third party interoperable messaging services. You are in control of what you are sending when you send your information to the individual or business WhatsApp users you choose to communicate with. Please be mindful that, once you have sent User Content to a WhatsApp user, they can store or reshare it with others on and off our Services.
Information Associated With Your Account
. As part of your WhatsApp messaging experience and based on your privacy settings, those users who have your phone number can see Your Account Information (phone number, profile photo, "about" information), and can add you to groups and communities where this information is then potentially visible to others in the group or community. When you send a message to another user or to a group, your chosen profile name will become visible to the recipients of the message, including users who do not have you in their contact list. Users who have your phone number can also see your "last seen" information and your message receipts, depending on your privacy settings. You can configure your privacy settings to manage group membership, and certain information (for example, your "last seen") available to other users. Please see our Help Center for more information on
how to change your privacy settings
.
Third-Party Services
. When you, or other users you interact with, use third-party services or other
Meta Company Products
that are linked through our Services, or if you choose to communicate with users on third party interoperable messaging services, the providers of those services or products may receive the information about you that you or others share with them. For example, if you use a data backup service integrated with our Services (like iCloud or Google Account), they will receive the information you share with them, such as your WhatsApp messages, and if you search the web from WhatsApp for a group profile picture, the search engine provider will receive the search term you use. If you interact with a third-party service or other
Meta Company Products
through our Services, such as when you use the in-app player to play content from a third-party platform like YouTube or Facebook, information like your IP address and technical information showing that the request comes from a WhatsApp app, may be provided to the provider of such service or products. If you choose to communicate with users of third party interoperable messaging services, your phone number and some Usage Information, Device And Connection Information and Authentication Information will be shared with the applicable third party interoperable messaging service. Please note that when you use third-party services or other
Meta Company Products
, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Third-Party Service Providers.
We work with third-party service providers to help us provide our Services.
When we share information with third-party service providers in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
We work with the following different types of third-party service providers:
telecommunications technology providers to send you SMS messages, or call you, to verify your account. To be able to provide these services, these providers receive Your Account Information (phone number) and Account Access Information (verification codes to enable you to verify a new phone number or device connected to your account). The providers we currently use are located in Sweden, the Netherlands, the UK and the United States.
a content safety technology service provider that helps us to maintain the safety and integrity of the Services by detecting and helping us to prioritise harmful material for our reviewers to assess. To provide these services, this provider receives certain images from User Reports (e.g. images), Your Account Information (e.g. profile picture) and Your Community and Group Information (e.g. community or group profile picture). The provider we currently use is located in the United States.
a location data provider to enable you to share your location or a nearby place with other WhatsApp users. To be able to provide these services, this provider receives Precise Location Information (your current location and other locations you choose on the map). The provider we currently use is located in the United States.
Please also see the
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
and
Working with Authorities, Advisors and Industry Partners
sections for further information we share.
Back to top
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
WhatsApp is one of the
Meta Companies
. The Meta Companies provide technology products and services for both individuals and businesses.
We work with other Meta Companies that act as our service providers and help us provide and improve our Services. When Meta Companies act as our service providers, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
We work with Meta Companies in the United States and Ireland that assist us with the operation of our Services. To receive these services we share
Information We Collect
.
We work with Meta Companies and other companies which are owned by Meta in the United States that provide data hosting and infrastructure services, including the use of
data centers
together with related services and equipment which are used to operate the Services. We share the
Information We Collect
with these companies.
We work with Meta Companies in the UK, Israel and the United States that provide us with business analytics services so that we can learn for example how many unique users we have compared to other services offered by the
Meta Companies
. We share
Your Account Information
(phone number),
Device and Connection Information
(identifiers associated with the same device or account, hardware model, operating system information and app versions, mobile country code and network code),
User Choices
(records about Terms acceptance, and user settings),
Usage Information
(when you last used WhatsApp and the date you first registered your account, time of activities) and your
Customer Support Information and Other Communications.
We work with a Meta Company in the United States that provides services to:
help carry out two factor authentication; and
provide technical engineering support and trouble-shooting in relation to our interaction with mobile phone networks.
We share Your Account Information (phone number) and Account Access Information (verification code) in order to obtain this service.
We work with other Meta Companies in:
the United States that provide us with operational, administrative and customer support services to help us:
operate, improve, and develop the Services;
develop, fix and customise the Services;
respond to user/non-user queries and provide support relating to the queries;
ensure accounts are kept safe and secure;
with contract administration, project management, planning and any related purposes; and
carry out surveys.
the UK, United States that provide us with:
product research and testing (features of) services to help us improve our Services; and
troubleshoot technical issues, and ensure the Services operate smoothly.
the UK, Ireland, Germany and United States, that provide us with legal advice and legal support services to help us:
in litigation and other dispute processes;
regulatory investigations and other statutory processes;
with handling complaints and/or requests from data subjects;
with responding to government and other legal requests;
with our legal administration;
with the management of privacy-related queries, including development of tooling and record repositories; and
with other legal support as requested from time to time.
Ireland, the United States and Singapore, that provide us with assistance when we respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, to legal requests and government requests, including in emergency situations, with:
disclosing relevant personal information to law enforcement, government authorities, regulators or others; and
disclosing personal information to third parties in the context of civil legal proceedings.
the United States and UK, that provide administrative services to help us with our efforts to ensure that the Services are safe and secure by:
investigating any suspicious activities or violations of our policies; and
removing violating accounts.
Ireland, the United States and Singapore, that provide us with services to help us to guard against violations of our intellectual property by:
reviewing accounts for violation of WhatsApp policies;
assisting with enforcement against those accounts;
providing periodic reports to us on individual accounts that have been reviewed and enforced upon; and
escalating any cases requiring legal review to us.
For receiving the services listed above and depending on the service that is provided, we share the
Information We Collect
.
If you would like further details about the Meta Companies that currently act as our service providers, please click
here
.
Back to top
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis For Processing
Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal basis to process information. We rely on different legal bases to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
For each legal basis below, we describe the purposes of our processing (why we process your information) and our processing operations (how we process your information to achieve each purpose). We also list the categories of your information that we process for each purpose.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we've explained these below. You should know that no matter what legal basis applies, you always have the right to request access to, rectification of, and erasure of your information. To exercise your rights, see the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section.
Information that we process to convey your messages or calls (which includes information like your phone number, the time and date you make a call or send a message, or the duration of your calls) is subject to and handled in accordance with the specific rules and requirements under the EU Directive 2002/58/EC, where applicable.
Back to top
Processing necessary to perform our contract with you
For all users who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contract with you, our
Terms
.
The categories of information used and why and how they are processed, are set out below:
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
To operate, provide, customise, and support our Services
as described in the About Our Services section of our
Terms
which includes providing ways for you to connect and communicate with other WhatsApp users including businesses, WhatsApp:
Assists you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account by:
verifying your WhatsApp account by, for example, sending you a verification code via SMS or by calling you.
checking the operating system and other features of your device to set up WhatsApp correctly on your device, and running security checks to make sure you don’t already have an account or a phone number that is banned from WhatsApp.
recording your User Choices, including the terms you accepted, your privacy settings and the users you’ve blocked.
facilitating you adding additional information such as an avatar or Account Information such as a profile picture, “about” information which is displayed to people who have your phone number, in line with your privacy settings.
changing the phone number associated with your WhatsApp account when you update it.
in order to maintain security, limit data retention and protect your privacy, checking for activity every 30 days and deleting your account where your phone has not been online for 120 days (in general). Learn more in our Help Center
here
.
deleting your account, at your request (see how to delete your account on your
iPhone
and on your
Android
device) or in accordance with our Terms. We may take steps to ban your account if there is a breach of our Terms, for example a breach of our "Acceptable Use of Our Services" terms.
enabling you to re-register your account when it has been deactivated or locked.
To assist you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Connections
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Facilitates you using and managing your WhatsApp account on multiple devices by:
linking a new device to your account so that you can use WhatsApp on additional devices and so that we can register certain additional devices on our servers.
syncing Your Account Information and User Choices across your
devices
by sending an update to other devices linked to your account.
sending an end-to-end encrypted copy of your chat history to your new companion
devices
when you sync your chats (we temporarily store this encrypted copy to complete the sync).
For linking a device to your account:
Your Account Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
For syncing your Account Information and User Choices across your devices:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
User Choices
For syncing your chat history across your devices:
Your Account Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio and videos are end-to-end encrypted)
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
To send and receive
end-to-end encrypted
messages and broadcast your Status, we:
enable you to reply to, forward and delete messages, or to send different types of messages such as voice messages, “View Once” or disappearing messages.
if the recipient’s device is online on WhatsApp, deliver messages directly to their device. If your device or the recipient’s device is offline, we store the encrypted message for up to 30 days as we attempt to deliver the message and send a push notification to the device.
show when you are online or indicate activity to recipients in a chat, such as displaying your ‘last seen’ to recipients according to your User Choices.
enable you to search the web for images to use as a community or group profile picture or to share videos from third-party services such as YouTube. Where that link is a video, we display a preview and allow the recipient to view it within the chat.
allow you to broadcast your Status updates with contacts of your choice. Status updates disappear after 24 hours.
take precautions to ensure your messages are conveyed correctly.
optimise the sending of media files by storing them temporarily for up to 30 days in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery.
enable you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate and interact with each other using our services such as
catalogs for businesses
on WhatsApp where you can browse products and services and place orders.
use cookies to operate and provide our web-based Services.
To send and receive
end-to-end encrypted
messages and to broadcast your Status:
Your Account Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio, video, documents and files are end-to-end encrypted, as is the Status you share)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
For showing your presence (in one-to-one chats) and last seen:
Your Connections
Usage Information
(online or offline status)
User Choices
For showing your activity indicators:
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
(whether you are typing or pausing typing, or recording a voice note)
For sharing your Status:
User Content
(Status is end-to-end encrypted)
Your Connections
User Choices
To generally operate and provide our Services, we:
analyse log information to resolve crashes and user issues.
collect information for troubleshooting, diagnostics and debugging.
collect and aggregate activity, system events and metrics (such as messaging volume and latencies) to monitor service performance, reliability, and efficiency, so we can ensure and optimise service quality.
test out and experiment with new features to see if they work as expected
To generally operate and provide our Services:
Your Account Information
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
To enable you to connect with businesses, we:
enable you to search and browse for businesses on the Service.
To enable you to connect with businesses:
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Authentication Information
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls, we:
establish an end-to-end encrypted connection for audio/video information between you and the other call participant (or participants if you are in a group call) after checking the participant’s privacy settings to see if they have blocked you.
enable you to create and send call links.
send you a push notification if you are receiving or have missed a call.
notify participants in a group call when:
another user has been invited but has not accepted the call,
another user starts to ring,
another user joins the call,
a call participant has left, and
the call is over.
When you change your in-app settings or take certain actions in a call, we let the other call participant(s) know the following:
whether your video is on or off.
when you invite other users to switch from an audio to a video call (or vice versa).
when you have not heard from the other call participant(s).
when you turn mute on or off.
when your battery is below 5% and not charging.
when you get an incoming call that interrupts your ongoing call on WhatsApp.
To optimise call quality, we:
swap to alternative networks interfaces where your existing connection is limited, and collect aggregated call metrics (for iOS only).
track metrics such as failed calls, number of calls ended due to disconnection and measure network link conditions to identify and resolve call quality issues.
store performance information on your device after the call, so it is easier to set up a call with the same user(s) again.
collect metrics about calls and aggregate them to optimise call quality.
back up your data usage and time spent on a call.
exchange network and other information during a call to adjust audio, video and network quality.
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls:
Your Account Information
User Content
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For notifying call participants about changes during a call:
Device and Connection Information
For optimising call quality:
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
To help you discover if your contacts are WhatsApp users when you choose to sync your device’s address book using contact upload, we:
regularly identify other WhatsApp users in your address book, add them to your WhatsApp contact list and store cryptographic hash values of the phone numbers of your contacts who are
not WhatsApp users
, so we can quickly update your WhatsApp contacts if those contacts sign-up to WhatsApp at a later date. Learn more
here
.
remove contacts from your WhatsApp contact list if one of your contacts no longer has an account.
at your request, block phone numbers of other users to prevent them contacting you on WhatsApp.
To enable you to use contact upload:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
To allow you to create, join, leave and connect in communities and groups to communicate with multiple contacts at the same time, we:
check that phone numbers you are trying to add to a group are WhatsApp users and check to ensure that their admission to the group is in line with their privacy settings.
check to ensure that the community or group name and optional community or group description meets WhatsApp requirements.
store information about the community or group and its participant users (including any pending or past participant users) for example, to ensure that the appropriate privileges are applied and assign the creator of the community or group as an admin so that they can control and personalise the community's or group’s information, membership and settings.
when a community or group is active, log when you send invites to new community or group participants and for groups, expire non-accepted invitations within a set period.
notify participants in the group of certain key changes to the community or group, such as changes to the community or group name, description or profile picture or when a message is deleted. After you
exit a group
, your phone number will appear in the past participants list of the group for up to 60 days from the time you exited the group.
temporarily store information to protect you from being re-added to groups you chose to leave and store the phone numbers of participants who are banned for example, from groups to ensure that they cannot rejoin. This information is also used to help identify any suspicious users or abusive behaviour where there is a high turnover of participants.
allow you to appoint other community admins to a community you’ve created or you are a community admin of and appoint a new group admin or community admin when the current admin (or admins) leave the group or community or delete their account.
delete a group when its last member leaves.
suspend, or deactivate a community, and add or disconnect groups within the community.
For creating a group or community:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For administering active groups or communities:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Assists you to create backups of your chat history (and media within the chat history), when you request it by:
enabling you to upload a backup of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Account or iCloud).
end-to-end encrypt your chat history
with a randomly generated encryption key or password you create. You can upload these encrypted backups of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Account or iCloud).
using an encryption key or your password to retrieve an encryption key to decrypt your backed-up chat history.
For allowing you to create, access and restore backups and encrypted backups:
Your Account Information
Authentication Information
(authenticating an encryption key or password)
To ensure safety, security, and integrity of our Services.
We use information we have and apply automated data processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
verify accounts on an ongoing basis, and check that user sign-ups are genuine.
log events and aggregated counts about community, group and user actions on our Services (like the number of groups joined) and related sequences like patterns in registration and repetitive or identical User Reports to identify and investigate suspicious users, threats to the security of our Services or where a fake WhatsApp app or an imitation of our Services is being used.
investigate and address violations of our Terms. For example, we may ban your account when we learn that you are engaged in infringing activities.
detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour which threatens the security of our users' information or the Service, such as to combat scraping by bad actors at scale, or our efforts to detect and prevent spam.
collect app verification information from anti-abuse services to aid our efforts to e.g. prevent malicious actors from trying to take over your account.
To ensure the safety, security and integrity of our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Transfer, store or process your information outside the European Economic Area.
As the WhatsApp service operates globally, with users and businesses around the world, we need to share information we collect globally, both internally within the
Meta Companies
and where the
data centers
we rely on are located and externally with our Third-Party Service Providers. We carry out necessary transfers outside the European Economic Area, including to the United States and other countries to:
operate and provide our Services. We also allow you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
allow us to fix, analyse and improve our Services.
For more information, see
Transferring information outside the EEA as part of Our Global Operations
section below.
To operate and provide our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Communicate with you on Services-related issues, we:
identify relevant Service-related notifications for you, send them to you on WhatsApp and keep a log when you have received the notification. For example, when our Terms are updated we’ll provide a notification about the update (as appropriate).
For sending you notifications or updates about our Services:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
(details of the notifications you have previously received)
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Provide customer support by:
processing requests for support and / or searches you make within the WhatsApp Help Center, in the app or via the WhatsApp website.
responding when you request our help such as assisting with your account login or verification process.
For providing you with customer support:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
When we process information you provide to us as necessary to perform our contractual relationship with you, under applicable data protection laws you have the right to port it. To exercise your rights, visit the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
The other legal bases we rely on when processing your information and the circumstances in which we rely on them are set out below:
Your Consent
We process information for the purposes described below when you have given us your consent to enable particular product features in your device-based settings. The categories of information used and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
For collecting information through the device-based settings which you have enabled, for example:
sharing your device’s
Precise Location Information
if you choose to use our location-related features. You can share your current location with, or send your live location to your contacts or view a nearby place on your map. When your live location is being shared, the live location control in your privacy settings shows which chats your live location is being shared in.
Precise Location Information
which you share in your chats is end-to-end encrypted which means that it cannot be seen by WhatsApp.
accessing your camera and / or photo gallery if you choose to share photos or media with your WhatsApp contacts or use optional features like avatars. Photos and media that you share in your personal chats are end-to-end encrypted.
User Content
When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before the consent is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, your in-app settings like your live location control, and the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
Compliance With A Legal Obligation
We process information to comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request. Examples of Irish and EU laws that could give rise to a legal obligation requiring us to process information are set out below. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing and we will update the list of laws from time to time.
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
The actual information used depends on the specific legal obligation, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others or to implement appropriate security measures. For example, a search warrant or production order from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as your profile picture or IP address.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland are laws that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters
: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters
: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide data in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer and competition matters
: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 such as where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information and our obligations under the Digital Markets Act and Digital Services Act.
Corporate and taxation matters
: to comply with our obligations under companies legislation and tax law such as the Companies Act 2014 such as where the Irish Revenue requests information.
Regulatory matters
: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018, the European Commission under the Digital Markets Act, and relevant regulators under the Digital Services Act.
Information security
: to implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures, such as under the General Data Protection Regulation, EU Directive 2002/58/EC and the European Electronic Communications Code established under Directive (EU) 2018/1972.
See
here
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for WhatsApp which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Account Access Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Reports
User Choices
Cookies
Information Others Provide About You
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Back to top
Protection Of Your Vital Interests Or Those Of Another Person
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For protecting your vital interests or those of another person
.
We apply automated processing techniques and conduct manual (human) review. We share information with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your or someone else’s life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others.
In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security. For example, we investigate reports of harmful conduct and take appropriate action, such as taking action on user accounts (e.g. banning them) or sharing information with relevant authorities, where there is a risk of imminent harmful conduct such as an attack or where a person’s safety is at risk. We also compare profile pictures, community and group pictures and reported images against a database of known hashed child sexual abuse material (CSAM) and use a combination of automated processing techniques and human review to detect previously unknown CSAM in these images. If we detect apparent CSAM, we report it to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (learn more about how we work to help fight child exploitation
here
).
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Back to top
Legitimate Interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third-party, such as our users, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"):
Why And How We Process Your Information
Legitimate Interests Relied On
Information Categories Used
For users under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Assisting you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account by
:
verifying your WhatsApp Account by, for example, sending you a verification code via SMS, email, by calling you or by using device verifiers when your operating system supports it.
checking the operating system and other features of your device to set up WhatsApp correctly on your device, and running security checks to make sure you don’t already have an account or a phone number that is banned from WhatsApp.
recording your User Choices, including the terms you accepted, your privacy settings and the users you’ve blocked.
facilitating you adding additional information such as an avatar or Account Information such as a profile picture, “about” information which is displayed to people who have your phone number, in line with your privacy settings.
changing the phone number associated with your WhatsApp account when you update it.
in order to maintain security, limit data retention and protect your privacy, checking for activity every 30 days and deleting your account where your phone has not been online for 120 days (in general). Learn more in our Help Center here.
deleting your account, at your request (see how to delete your account on your iPhone and on your Android device) or in accordance with our Terms. We may take steps to ban your account if there is a breach of our Terms, for example a breach of our "Acceptable Use of Our Services" terms.
enabling you to re-register your account when it has been deactivated or locked.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to be able to create and manage a secure account which is set up correctly and reflects their choices, including their privacy settings.
To assist you in creating and managing your WhatsApp account:
:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Connections
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Facilitates you using and managing your WhatsApp account on multiple devices by:
.
linking a new device to your account so that you can use WhatsApp on additional devices and so that we can register certain additional devices on our servers.
syncing Your Account Information and User Choices across your devices by sending an update to other devices linked to your account.
sending an end-to-end encrypted copy of your chat history to your new companion devices when you sync your chats (we temporarily store this encrypted copy to complete the sync).
It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to be able to access the WhatsApp service across multiple devices in an easy and reliable manner. It is in our interest to allow users to easily use the Service across different devices.
For linking a device to your account:
Your Account Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
For syncing your Account Information and User Choices across your devices:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
User Choices
For syncing your chat history across your devices:
Your Account Information
User Content (your messages, images, audio and videos are end-to-end encrypted)
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Authentication Information
To send and receive end-to-end encrypted messages and broadcast your Status, we:
enable you to reply to, forward and delete messages, or to send different types of messages such as voice messages, “View Once” or disappearing messages.
if the recipient’s device is online on WhatsApp, deliver messages directly to their device. If your device or the recipient’s device is offline, we store the encrypted message for up to 30 days as we attempt to deliver the message and send a push notification to the device.
show when you are online or indicate activity to recipients in a chat, such as displaying your ‘last seen’ to recipients according to your User Choices.
enable you to search the web for images to use as a community or group profile picture or to share videos from third-party services such as YouTube. Where that link is a video, we display a preview and allow the recipient to view it within the chat.
allow you to broadcast your Status updates with contacts of your choice. Status updates disappear after 24 hours.
take precautions to ensure your messages are conveyed correctly.
optimise the sending of media files by storing them temporarily for up to 30 days in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery.
enable you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate and interact with each other using our services such as catalogs for businesses on WhatsApp where you can browse products and services and place orders.
use cookies to operate and provide our web-based Services.
It is in our interest to provide and maintain features that enable users to communicate. It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to express themselves and communicate with other users and businesses.
To send and receive end-to-end encrypted messages and to broadcast your Status:
Your Account Information
User Content
(your messages, images, audio, video, documents and files are end-to-end encrypted, as is the Status you share)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
For showing your presence (in one-to-one chats) and last seen:
Your Connections
Usage Information (online or offline status)
User Choices
For showing your activity indicators
:
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information (whether you are typing or pausing typing, or recording a voice note)
For sharing your Status:
User Content (Status is end-to-end encrypted)
Your Connections
User Choices
To generally operate and provide our Services, we:
analyse log information to resolve crashes and user issues.
collect information for troubleshooting, diagnostics and debugging.
collect and aggregate activity, system events and metrics (such as messaging volume and latencies) to monitor service performance, reliability, and efficiency, so we can ensure and optimise service quality.
test out and experiment with new features to see if they work as expected.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority that we provide and maintain a reliable Service.
To generally operate and provide our Services:
Your Account Information
Your Community and Group Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
To enable you to connect with businesses, we:
enable you to search and browse for businesses on the Service.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to provide and maintain features which enable users to search for and connect with businesses on the Service.
To enable you to connect with businesses:
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Authentication Information
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls, we:
establish an end-to-end encrypted connection for audio/video information between you and the other call participant (or participants if you are in a group call) after checking the participant’s privacy settings to see if they have blocked you.
enable you to create and send call links.
send you a push notification if you are receiving or have missed a call.
notify participants in a group call when:
another user has been invited but has not accepted the call,
another user starts to ring,
another user joins the call,
a call participant has left, and
the call is over.
When you change your in-app settings or take certain actions in a call, we let the other call participant(s) know the following:
whether your video is on or off.
when you invite other users to switch from an audio to a video call (or vice versa).
when you have not heard from the other call participant(s).
when you turn mute on or off.
when your battery is below 5% and not charging.
when you get an incoming call that interrupts your ongoing call on WhatsApp.
To optimise call quality, we:
swap to alternative networks interfaces where your existing connection is limited, and collect aggregated call metrics (for iOS only).
track metrics such as failed calls, number of calls ended due to disconnection and measure network link conditions to identify and resolve call quality issues.
store performance information on your device after the call, so it is easier to set up a call with the same user(s) again.
collect metrics about calls and aggregate them to optimise call quality.
back up your data usage and time spent on a call.
exchange network and other information during a call to adjust audio, video and network quality.
It is in our interest and in the interests of WhatsApp users under the age of majority to be able to make, receive, join calls or video calls reliably in order to express themselves, communicate with other users, and have their choices respected.
For making, receiving, joining or leaving voice and video calls:
Your Account Information
User Content
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
For notifying call participants about changes during a call:
Device and Connection Information
For optimising call quality:
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
To help you discover if your contacts are WhatsApp users when you choose to sync your device’s address book using contact upload, we:
regularly identify other WhatsApp users in your address book, add them to your WhatsApp contact list and store cryptographic hash values of the phone numbers of your contacts who are not WhatsApp users, so we can quickly update your WhatsApp contacts if those contacts sign-up to WhatsApp at a later date. Learn more
here
.
remove contacts from your WhatsApp contact list if one of your contacts no longer has an account.
at your request, block phone numbers of other users to prevent them contacting you on WhatsApp.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority, in operating and providing the Service to discover and identify their contacts.
To enable you to use contact upload:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
To allow you to create, join, leave and connect in communities and groups to communicate with multiple contacts at the same time, we:
check that phone numbers you are trying to add to a group are WhatsApp users and check to ensure that their admission to the group is in line with their privacy settings.
check to ensure that the community or group name and optional community or group description meets WhatsApp requirements.
store information about the community or group and its participant users (including any pending or past participant users) for example, to ensure that the appropriate privileges are applied and assign the creator of the community or group as an admin so that they can control and personalise the community's or group’s information, membership and settings.
when a community or group is active, log when you send invites to new community or group participants and for groups, expire non-accepted invitations within a set period.
notify participants in the group of certain key changes to the community or group, such as changes to the community or group name, description or profile picture or when a message is deleted. After you exit a group, your phone number will appear in the past participants list of the group for up to 60 days from the time you exited the group.
temporarily store information to protect you from being re-added to groups you chose to leave and store the phone numbers of participants who are banned for example, from groups to ensure that they cannot rejoin. This information is also used to help identify any suspicious users or abusive behaviour where there is a high turnover of participants.
allow you to appoint other community admins to a community you’ve created or you are a community admin of and appoint a new group admin or community admin when the current admin (or admins) leave the group or community or delete their account.
delete a group when its last member leaves.
suspend, or deactivate a community, and add or disconnect groups within the community.
It is in our interest and in the interests of WhatsApp users (under the age of majority) to provide and maintain features that enable users to communicate and engage in groups or communities relevant to them. It is in the interests of WhatsApp users under the age of majority to respect their choices or privacy settings and ensure that such features respect WhatsApp requirements.
For creating a group or community:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting
User Choices
Authentication Information
For administering active groups or communities:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
User Choices
Authentication Information
Assists you to create backups of your chat history (and media within the chat history), when you request it by:
enabling you to upload a backup of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Account or iCloud).
end-to-end encrypt your chat history with a randomly generated encryption key or password you create. You can upload these encrypted backups of your chat history to a third-party cloud-based service (like Google Account or iCloud).
using an encryption key or your password to retrieve an encryption key to decrypt your backed-up chat history.
It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to be able to maintain a secure backup of their chat history. It is in our interest to provide users with the option of encrypted backups to secure their backup.
For allowing you to create, access and restore backups and encrypted backups:
Your Account Information
Authentication Information (authenticating an encryption key or password)
To ensure safety, security, and integrity of our Services.
We use information we have and apply automated data processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
verify accounts on an ongoing basis, and check that user sign-ups are genuine.
log events and aggregated counts about community, group and user actions on our Services (like the number of groups joined) and related sequences like patterns in registration and repetitive or identical User Reports to identify and investigate suspicious users, threats to the security of our Services or where a fake WhatsApp app or an imitation of our Services is being used.
investigate and address violations of our Terms. For example, we may ban your account when we learn that you are engaged in infringing activities.
detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour which threatens the security of our users' information or the Service, such as to combat scraping by bad actors at scale, or our efforts to detect and prevent spam.
collect app verification information from anti-abuse services to aid our efforts to e.g. prevent malicious actors from trying to take over your account.
It is in our interest and in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to secure WhatsApp systems, user's accounts, and detect and investigate threats, infringement, harmful or unlawful activities and promote safety, integrity and security on the Services.
To ensure the safety, security and integrity of our Services:
Your Account Information
User Content (if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Choices
Authentication Information
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
Communicate with you on Services-related issues, we:
identify relevant Service-related notifications for you, send them to you on WhatsApp and keep a log when you have received the notification. For example, when our Terms are updated we’ll provide a notification about the update (as appropriate).
It is in our interest to send notifications and keep a record of users who have received them. It is in the interests of all WhatsApp users under the age of majority to receive these notifications.
For sending you notifications or updates about our Services:
Your Account Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
(details of the notifications you have previously received)
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Provide customer support by:
processing requests for support and / or searches you make within the WhatsApp Help Center, in the app or via the WhatsApp website.
responding when you request our help such as assisting with your account login or verification process.
It is in our interest to provide support to our users and provide information with regard to user issues and it is in all WhatsApp users’ interests under the age of majority to receive such support and information.
For providing you with customer support:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Account Access Information
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
For all users of our Services including users under the age of majority:
Business intelligence and analytics
:
we count users and events for reporting to identify how many users WhatsApp has (and similar metrics) so we can share these metrics with affiliates, regulators and the public. This includes metrics like how many unique users WhatsApp has across the Meta Companies by establishing which of our users don't use other Meta apps.
validate metrics and analyse the feedback you provide (e.g. via surveys), to understand how and how often our Services are used, and how this compares to usage across the Meta Companies, to gain insights, inform business planning and forecasting.
In our interest to measure the use of our Services and count the people who interact with the WhatsApp services in order to inform business decisions and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Business intelligence and analytics
:
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
We preserve and share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests
.
This includes responding to legal requests where we are not compelled by applicable law but have a good faith belief it is required by law in the relevant jurisdiction or sharing information with law enforcement or industry partners/peers such as other online platforms and technology companies to combat abusive or illegal behaviour. For example, we preserve a snapshot of user information when requested by law enforcement where necessary for the purposes of an investigation.
We may also report illegal or infringing content to law enforcement, government or other authorities.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of WhatsApp, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
The general public and industry partners/peers such as other online platforms and technology companies have a legitimate interest in having abusive or illegal behaviour investigated and combated.
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Your Account Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Usage Information
General Location Information
User Reports
We preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes
. This includes matters such as violations of our Terms and policies.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of WhatsApp, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Your Account Information
User Content
(if provided by a user)
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
Cookies
User Choices
Information Others Provide About You
User Reports
Businesses on WhatsApp
Third-Party Services
To promote safety, integrity and security outside of the performance of our contract with you.
We use information we have and apply automated data processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
log User Reports, user’s feedback about other users, aggregated events and actions to identify and understand the techniques being used by the bad actors that may interfere with the Services, including your use of the Services.
identify, analyse and investigate patterns of suspicious, harmful or fraudulent behaviour like scams or other potential violations of our policies and Terms. We may ban your account when we learn that you are engaged in infringing activities.
check to ensure that User Reports are genuine and that community or group name, description or profile picture comply with WhatsApp’s Terms and policies.
invite you to take surveys or provide feedback and analyse your responses to resolve issues.
in limited circumstances request a copy of your id documentation or other authentication information, or ask that you take certain actions to verify you are the true owner of a specific WhatsApp account.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to secure WhatsApp systems, user's accounts, and fight threats, abuse, or infringement activities and promote safety, integrity and security on the Services. It is also in our interest to ensure our Services are used in accordance with the Terms.
It is in our interest to ensure our Services are used in accordance with the Terms and policies.
For ensuring the safety, security and integrity of our Services:
Your Account Information
Account Access Information
Your Connections
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
User Reports
To improve the WhatsApp Service by developing new features or updating existing features, we:
generate and validate metrics to understand how and how often our Services are used and how this compares to usage across the Meta Companies, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and forecast future adoption of the service or features.
undertake experiments to evaluate the impact of new features.
invite you to take surveys or provide feedback and analyse your responses to gain insights into users’ views (for example, about the Service and Meta Companies).
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to evaluate the use of the services and adoption of new features to inform the development of future features and improve product direction and development.
Your Account Information
User Content (Avatars)
Your Community and Group Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
User Choices
To improve the WhatsApp customer support service, we:
track information about your interactions with our customer support team to understand if issues are being resolved in a timely manner and whether the information provided in our
FAQs
are helpful.
run quality assurance checks on our interactions with our customers
request and review information you provide in customer satisfaction feedback surveys.
log search queries in our Help Center to build an index of common search queries to keep our Help Center up to date with relevant content.
It is in our interest and in the interest of WhatsApp users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
To improve the WhatsApp customer support service:
Your Account Information
Customer Support Information and Other Communications
Usage Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Device and Connection Information
General Location Information
Cookies
User Reports
You have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, this processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
How To Exercise Your Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
We still do not allow third-party banner ads on our Services. We have no intention to introduce them, but if we ever do, we will update this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
How To Exercise Your Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have the right to access, rectify, port, and erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information.
This includes the right to object to our processing of your information for direct marketing and the right to object to our processing of your information where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third-party. We will consider several factors when assessing an objection including: your reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users, third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons.
You have the right to object to and restrict our processing of your information. To submit an objection use
this form
and select “How can I make an objection to the processing of my information”. Learn more about submitting an objection and the way we use your information by going
here
. If we use your information for direct marketing, you can always object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in such communications, or by using our in-app "block" feature.
You can access or port your information using our in-app Request Account Info feature (available under Settings > Account). You can access tools to rectify, update, and delete your information directly in-app as described in the
Retention of Your Information
section.
When we process information you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To withdraw your consent, visit your device-based settings or in-app settings.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with WhatsApp's lead supervisory authority under the GDPR, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or any other competent data protection supervisory authority.
Back to top
Retention of Your Information
We store information for as long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, including to provide our Services, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on the following factors:
The nature of the information and why it is collected and processed
. The length of time we will keep your information will generally be determined by how long we need that information to provide you with our Services, including any optional features you use and to provide customer support.
For example:
As described
above
, we require certain of
Your Account Information
to deliver our Services. We need to keep it for the lifetime of your account so that we can maintain your account.
We keep your
User Choices
for the lifetime of your account.
We keep
Authentication Information
for the lifetime of your account.
We only need to keep other information as long as necessary to provide optional features to you, such as
Your Connections
as long as you use contact upload.
We keep information collected using
Cookies
for 90 days.
We generally keep
customer support communications
for 30 days after they have been dealt with or 90 days after we receive them, whichever is sooner.
We generally keep
User Reports
for 90 days.
In certain cases, we need to keep your information for longer for legal reasons as described under the Legal Reasons section below.
Legal Reasons
. In certain cases, we also keep your information for legal reasons, including after your account has been deleted.
We keep your information:
To respond to a legal request or to comply with applicable law when we have a legal obligation to retain information
. For example, if we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account, we preserve your information after you delete your account.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints
. For example, we generally retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for a year, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
For litigation or regulatory matters
. For example, we preserve your information where it is reasonably necessary for reasons related to a legal claim or complaint, such as where we are subject to a regulatory investigation or we need to defend ourselves in legal proceedings about a claim related to your information or respond to a regulator in relation to a complaint made by you or someone else.
Issues relating to the safety, security and integrity of our Services and to protect rights, property and users
. For example, we keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our
Services
, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our
Terms
, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
The actual information that we keep and how long we keep it for depends on the nature of the reason in question.
Operational Retention Needs
. We need to store information in certain cases for operational needs. For example, if a message cannot be delivered immediately, we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it. We also store information where necessary for troubleshooting and debugging issues with the Services. We keep the information that we store for this purpose for up to 90 days, provided longer storage is not necessary for investigating and resolving a specific issue, or for legal reasons.
Messaging
. We retain the information that we process to convey your messages or calls (which includes information like your phone number, the time and date you make a call or send a message, or the duration of your calls) in accordance with the specific rules and requirements under the EU Directive 2002/58/EC, where applicable, as long as it is needed for transmitting the communication, operating our Services, ensuring the safety and security of our Services, or to comply with legal obligations under applicable law. When we do not need the information for any of these purposes anymore, we delete or anonymise it.
Back to top
Deleting Your Information
What Happens To Your Information When Your Account Is Deleted?
When you delete your WhatsApp account or when it is deleted as a result of inactivity (see
About inactive account deletion
for information on inactive accounts), we delete the information we have about you, apart from the information listed below which we retain in limited circumstances.
Deleted Information
. Your Account Information and any undelivered messages to you are deleted from our servers. You will be removed from all WhatsApp communities and groups. Note that for technical reasons it takes up to 90 days from the beginning of the deletion process to delete or de-identify your WhatsApp information. Copies of your information may also remain after the 90 days for a limited time in the backup storage that we use to recover lost information in the event of a disaster, software error, or other information loss event.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Deleted.
If we are analysing or investigating a security incident, in order to maintain the security of our Services, we need to retain
Log and Troubleshooting Information
associated with the incident that we are reviewing past the normal 90 day deletion period.
Copies of certain log records remain in our database but are disassociated from personal identifiers which are used for example to measure performance, reliability and efficiency and to operate and improve our Services.
Your account initially was linked to these records by a randomly generated identifier. To disassociate this information when your account is deleted, we delete the link between this identifier and your account as part of the account deletion process.
Copies of your information may also be retained for legal reasons after you delete your account in the circumstances described. The information that may be retained and length of time we need to retain it will depend on the specific legal reason we need to retain it for.
For more information on how long we store information, see
Retention of Your Information
.
Back to top
Managing Your Information
If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your information, you can do that through the following tools:
Settings
. You can change your settings to manage certain information available to other users. You can manage your contacts, groups, and broadcast lists, or use our "block" feature to manage who you communicate with on our Services.
Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name And Picture, And "About" Information
. If you change your mobile phone number you must update it using our in-app change number feature and transfer your account to your new mobile phone number. You can also change your profile name, profile picture, and "about" information at any time.
Deleting Your WhatsApp Account
. You can delete your WhatsApp account at any time using our in-app delete my account feature in your in-app settings. Once you initiate the deletion process for your account, that account can no longer be used (i.e. you cannot log in or re-register or access any content (including message history) as it will be deleted). See
Deleting Your Information
section for more detail on what happens to your information when you delete your account.
Be mindful that if you only delete WhatsApp from your device without selecting the in-app delete my account option in your in-app settings, the
Information We Collect
will be stored on our servers for a longer period. WhatsApp accounts are generally deleted after 120 days of inactivity. Users are not alerted when this occurs. See our Help Center article
About inactive account deletion
for more information.
Please remember that when your account is deleted, it does not affect your information related to the communities or groups you created (such as community or group names), or the information other users have relating to you, such as their copy of the messages you sent them.
Back to top
Working With Authorities, Advisors And Industry Partners
We access and share your information described in the
Information We Collect
section, including sharing with regulators, law enforcement, other government agencies, industry partners/peers such as other online platforms and technology companies, our advisors such as external lawyers who act for us, and others in accordance with the
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis for Processing
section if we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to:
respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, court orders, legal process, or government requests. For example, sharing with regulators, law enforcement, or other government agencies in response to legal requests or sharing with civil litigants pursuant to court orders;
detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security and technical issues. For example, we access and share information with law enforcement, other government agencies, or industry partners such as other online platforms and technology companies to identify and prevent bad actors using our Services for illegal purposes; or
protect the rights, property and safety of our users, WhatsApp, the Meta Companies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
For more information on how we preserve your information for these purposes, please see the
Retention of Your Information
section.
The processing we carry out will depend on the circumstances. Further information on the different categories of information affected and the legal bases we rely on is set out in the
How and Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Basis for Processing
section under the Processing necessary to perform our contract with you, Compliance with a Legal Obligation, Protection of Your Vital Interests or Those of Another Person and Legitimate Interests headings.
Back to top
Transferring information outside the EEA as part of Our Global Operations
Why is information transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area and where?
WhatsApp shares information described in the
Information We Collect
section of this Privacy Policy globally, both internally within the
Meta Companies
, and externally with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our
Terms
. This includes places where the
data centers
we rely on are located, and where our other internal
Meta Companies
and external
Third-Party Service Providers
are located (which includes the United States). These transfers are necessary and essential to enable us to provide the Services set forth in our
Terms
and globally to operate and provide our Services which allow you to communicate with users and businesses on WhatsApp around the world.
How do we safeguard your information?
When information controlled by WhatsApp is transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other third countries outside of the European Economic Area, we rely on the following transfer mechanisms:
Adequacy Decisions
: We rely on decisions from the European Commission where they recognise that certain countries and territories outside of the European Economic Area ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information. These decisions are referred to as “adequacy decisions”. We transfer Your Account Information, Device and Connection Information, Usage Information and User Choices (see
Information We Collect
) from the European Economic Area to Israel in reliance on the European Commission’s adequacy decision for
Israel
.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
: WhatsApp LLC and Meta Platforms, Inc. have certified their participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the European Commission's related
adequacy decision
, for transfers of
Information We Collect
to WhatsApp LLC and Meta Platforms, Inc. in the U.S. for the services specified in the certifications of WhatsApp LLC and Meta Platforms, Inc. For more information, see the
WhatsApp LLC Data Privacy Framework Disclosure
and the
Meta Platforms, Inc. Data Privacy Framework Disclosure
.
Standard Contractual Clauses
: We utilise standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers to third party interoperable messaging services and to the United States, the UK and Singapore. For example, WhatsApp uses Meta’s global infrastructure and data centers, which are located around the world including in the United States, to store the information described in the
Information We Collect
section of this Privacy Policy. For a copy of the standard contractual clauses, please see our
SCC Help Center article
.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided for under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
If you have any questions about the standard contractual clauses you can
contact us
.
Back to top
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you notice of amendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate, and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Back to top
Contact Us
The Data Protection Officer for WhatsApp can be contacted
here
.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
or write us here:
WhatsApp Ireland Limited
Attn: Privacy Policy
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5
Ireland
Back to top
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/7735:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://automattic.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);
Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and
Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on
Controllers and Responsible Companies
.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike License
We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on
GitHub
. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account.
Public profile information:
If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information:
There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a
custom domain
, some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, and WooPayments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use
WooPay
to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like
WordAds
, you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you.
Business Profile:
Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features.
Content information:
You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload).
Credentials:
Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly.
Communications with us (hi there!):
You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Job applicant information:
If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles).  You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com.
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like
WooPay
) to buy something from a third party.
Usage information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our
WooCommerce Usage Tracker
also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our
Admin Bar
and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention.
Location information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Stored information:
We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Interactions with other users’ sites:
We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example,
recommend posts
we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile.
Information from cookies & other technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. For example:
Third Party Login:
If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address)
Social Sharing Services:
If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our
Publicize feature
, we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.
Financial Account Info
:
If you use WooPayments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe.
Google Account Information:
When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site.
The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available.
Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services.
For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information.
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services.
For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use.
To place and manage ads in our advertising program.
For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance.
To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public.
For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To fix problems with our Services.
For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience.
For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you.
For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
To recruit and hire new Automatticians.
For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms.  If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information.  This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
:
Subsidiaries and independent contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them.
Third-party vendors:
We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooPayments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on woocommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our
Cookie Policy
).
Legal and regulatory requirements:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our
Legal Guidelines
. Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our
Domain Registrations and Privacy support document
for more details.
To protect rights, property, and others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we
may disclose information related to the emergency without delay
.
Business transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With your consent:
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature.
Aggregated or de-identified information:
We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Site owners:
If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the
Payments feature
) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner.
Published support requests:
If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views!
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your
G
lobally
R
ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website.
We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for
WordPress.com
and
Jetpack
sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter. To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like
Two Step Authentication
.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process.
Limit access to information on your mobile device:
Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs.
Opt out of marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies:
At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can
usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt out of our internal analytics program:
You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close your account:
While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. (
Here
are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site);
Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); and
Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition).
If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected:
Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application.
You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the
Information We Collect section
above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How and Why We Use Information section
. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing Information section
. We retain this information for the length of time described in our
How Long We Keep Information section
.
In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to:
Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;
Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; and
Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in
our Privacy Report
.
Right to Opt Out
We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).
We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of.
You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states.
Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again.
We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.
We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16.
Your Information & Personalized Advertising
Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to
Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program
.
Contacting Us About These Rights
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “
How to Reach Us
” to, well, find out how to reach us.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.
In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing.  Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants.
If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services.
Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide.
The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI).
Automattic Services (except Woo)
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
Automattic Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Woo Services
Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products and services available at woocommerce.com.
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce, Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc.
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the
Your Rights section
above, please contact us through our
web form
or via
email
. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049.
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
How and Why We Use Information section
above.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooPayments (powered by Stripe), Woo extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our
Privacy Notice
.
Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the
WordPress.com Blog,
or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Other Information and Resources
Jetpack Privacy Center
Woo and the GDPR
Translation
Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example:
French:
https://automattic.com/fr/privacy
Spanish:
https://automattic.com/es/privacy
German:
https://automattic.com/de/privacy
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change log
April 22, 2024:
Removed the outdated list of specific US states covered by the US Privacy Laws section
October 31, 2023:
Changed instances of “WooCommerce” to “Woo.”
July 12, 2023:
Added new example of information shared with site owners.
March 17, 2023:
Removed references to WPVIP.
December 30, 2022:
Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states.
October 18, 2022
: Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.
April 26, 2022:
Included information regarding WooPay.
November 22, 2021:
Included information for WPScan.
October 8, 2021:
Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples.
January 1, 2021
: Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
December 7, 2020:
Included information for MailPoet.
October 12, 2020
: Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax.
August 1, 2020
: Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
February 21, 2020:
Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.”
December 31, 2019
: Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout.
October 2, 2019:
A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program.
May 31, 2019:
Included information for the Recurring Payments feature.
April 1, 2019:
Included information for Happy Tools.
March 13, 2019:
Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us.
February 1, 2019:
Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts.
November 6, 2018:
Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal.
September 24, 2018:
Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search.
May 25, 2018:
Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
January 3, 2018:
Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices.
August 22, 2017:
Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section.
November 2, 2016
: Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance.
February 18, 2015:
Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
September 18, 2013:
Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
February 1, 2011:
Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph.
January 3, 2011:
Added court order and subpoena clarification.
July 1, 2010:
Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators.
October 29, 2009:
Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy.
March 10, 2009:
Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies.
Sections
▼
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Creative Commons Sharealike License
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Other Sources
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
Information Shared Publicly
How Long We Keep Information
Security
Choices
Your Rights
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
US Privacy Laws
Contacting Us About These Rights
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
Controllers and Responsible Companies
How to Reach Us
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Third-Party Software and Services
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
Privacy Policy Changes
Other Information and Resources
Translation
Change log
Subscribe
Subscribed
Automattic
Join 10,685 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Automattic
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
As an open source company, we take your privacy seriously and want to be as transparent as possible. So: We use cookies to collect some personal data from you (like your browsing data, IP addresses, and other unique identifiers). Some of these cookies we absolutely need in order to make things work, and others you can choose in order to optimize your experience while using our site and services.
Customize
Accept all
Your privacy is critically important to us. We and our partners use, store, and process your personal data to optimize: our
website
such as by improving security or conducting analytics,
marketing activities
to help deliver relevant marketing or content, and your
user experience
such as by remembering your account name, language settings, or cart information, where applicable. You can customize your cookie settings below. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
Required
These cookies are essential for our websites and services to perform basic functions and are necessary for us to operate certain features, like allowing registered users to authenticate and perform account-related functions, storing preferences set by users (like account name, language, and location), and ensuring our services operate properly.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to optimize performance by collecting information on how users interact with our websites.
Advertising
We and our advertising partners set these cookies to provide you with relevant content and to understand that content’s effectiveness.
Accept selection
Sub-policy 4
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/4709:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 5
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
E-Mail-Adresse oder Handynummer
Passwort
Passwort vergessen?
Neues Konto erstellen
Offenbar hast du diese Funktion zu schnell genutzt. Du wurdest vorübergehend von der Nutzung dieser Funktion blockiert.
Back
Deutsch
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben?
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in
Meta-Produkten
bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir sie, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern sowie um Meta-Produkte für Personen, die ein Konto haben, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern.
Erforderliche Cookies: Diese Cookies sind notwendig für die Nutzung von Meta-Produkten und die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Websites.
Cookies anderer Unternehmen: Wir verwenden diese Cookies, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Hierbei handelt es sich um optionale Cookies.
Du bestimmst, welche optionalen Cookies wir verwenden dürfen. In unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie
erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern.
Infos zu Cookies
Was sind Cookies?
Mehr dazu
Warum verwenden wir Cookies?
Mehr dazu
Was sind Meta-Produkte?
Mehr dazu
Deine Cookie-Auswahl
Mehr dazu
Cookies anderer Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Cookies
anderer Unternehmen
, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von unseren Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste oder Videos anbieten zu können.
Cookies nach Kategorie auswählen
So verwenden wir diese Cookies
Wenn du diese Cookies erlaubst:
Wenn du diese Cookies nicht erlaubst:
Andere Möglichkeiten, um deine Informationen zu kontrollieren
Personalisiere dein Werbeerlebnis in der Kontenübersicht
Weitere Informationen zu Onlinewerbung
Cookies über die Browser-Einstellungen kontrollieren
Alle Cookies erlauben
Optionale Cookies ablehnen
Alle Cookies erlauben
Optionale Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 6
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/4452:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 7
https://x.com/en/privacy:

Sub-policy 8
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/2710:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 9
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms: Standard Contractual Clauses
Index of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) used in connection with the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Table of Contents
SCCs (Controller-to-Controller)
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
Sub-policy 10
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/participant/5780:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 11
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 12
https://fontawesome.com/privacy:
Last
updated:
November 11, 2024
Privacy Policy
Dive into the data Font Awesome collects about you. Here we explain what we collect and when we collect it. You can also learn about how it's used -
          and as importantly, how it's not used. Lastly, let's walk through how you can control and manage this data.
On This Page
What is Font Awesome?
How does Font Awesome collect data about me?
What data does Font Awesome collect about me, and why?
How can I make choices about data collection?
Where does Font Awesome store data about me?
Does Font Awesome comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
Where can I see, change, and erase data about me?
Does Font Awesome share data about me with others?
How can I contact Font Awesome about privacy?
How can I find out about changes?
Content Delivery Network Providers
Payment Processors
Other Services
EU-U.S. Data Protection Framework Statement and Policy
Link to "What is Font Awesome?"
What is Font Awesome?
Font Awesome is the company home of
Font Awesome Icons
, libraries of free-to-use and paid icons. As a company, Font Awesome publishes icons
        on its website,
fontawesome.com
, as well through
content delivery networks
for use on customers' websites.
Font Awesome sets only its own privacy policy, not the privacy policies of Font Awesome customers, affiliates, or others who use Font Awesome icons.
        You should ask all of those involved in administering and hosting websites that you use for their privacy policies.
Link to "How does Font Awesome collect data about me?"
How does Font Awesome collect data about me?
Font Awesome collects data about you:
when you browse
fontawesome.com
when you use Font Awesome's
content delivery networks
, or visit websites that do
when you create and use an account on
fontawesome.com
when you buy products and services from Font Awesome through the
fontawesome.com
web store
when you contact Font Awesome by e-mail for support or other help
Font Awesome does not buy or otherwise receive data about you from data brokers.
Link to "What data does Font Awesome collect about me, and why?"
What data does Font Awesome collect about me, and why?
Font Awesome collects data about visits to fontawesome.com.
When you visit
fontawesome.com
, whether you have an account or not, the site uses cookies, server logs, and other
          methods to collect data about what pages you visit and when.
Font Awesome uses data about how you use the website to:
optimize the website, so it's quick and easy to use
diagnose and debug technical errors
defend the website from abuse and technical attacks
associate your browsing session with an affiliate, if you click throug h an affiliate's referral link
associate your account with an affiliate, if you buy after clicking thr ough an affiliate's referral link
compile statistics on icon popularity
compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
Font Awesome usually stores data about how you use the forum in identifiable form for just a few weeks. In special circumstances, like extended
          investigations about technical attacks, Font Awesome may preserve log data longer, for analysis. Font Awesome stores aggregate statistics about use
          of the website indefinitely, but those statistics don't include data identifiable to you personally.
Font Awesome collects data about use of its content delivery networks.
Content delivery networks are worldwide networks of computer servers that make sure everyone online can download files quickly from servers near to
          them. Font Awesome uses content delivery networks to serve files for its free and
Pro
icons. Many websites using Font Awesome
          icons have visitors download the icons from Font Awesome's content delivery networks.
When you visit a website that uses a Font Awesome content delivery network to load icons, Font Awesome collects data about what icon files you
          download and when.
Font Awesome uses data about how you use Font Awesome content delivery networks to:
optimize the content delivery networks, so website visitors can down load files quickly
diagnose and debug technical errors
defend the content delivery networks from abuse and technical attacks
calculate fees for Font Awesome Pro customers
compile statistics on icon popularity
compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
Font Awesome usually stores data about how you use content delivery networks in identifiable form for just a few weeks. In special circumstances,
          like extended investigations about technical attacks, Font Awesome may preserve log data longer, for analysis. Font Awesome stores aggregate
          statistics about use of content delivery networks indefinitely, but those statistics don't include data identifiable to you personally.
Font Awesome collects account data.
To buy
Font Awesome Pro
, access Pro files, and configure Pro services like
content delivery networks
, you need a
fontawesome.com
account. To sign up for an account, Font Awesome requires your e-mail address, you may optionally provide your name, your company's name and other
          preference data.
Font Awesome uses your account data to identify you on
fontawesome.com
.
Font Awesome uses your e-mail address to:
announce new versions of
Pro
icons, software, and services
advertise new Font Awesome products and services
send you alerts about Pro services
reset your password and help keep your account secure
contact you in special circumstances related to your account
contact you about legal requests
Font Awesome stores your account data as long as your account remains open.
Font Awesome collects payment card data.
To buy licenses and sign up for
Font Awesome Pro
, Font Awesome requires your payment card data. Font Awesome does not collect or store enough information to charge your card itself. Rather, Font
          Awesome's
payment processors
collect that data on Font Awesome's behalf, and gives Font Awesome security tokens that allow Font Awesome to create charges and subscriptions.
Font Awesome uses your payment card data only to charge for Font Awesome products and services. Font Awesome instructs its payment processors to
          store your payment card data only as long as you use paid Font Awesome services.
Link to "How can I make choices about data collection?"
How can I make choices about data collection?
You're free to visit
fontawesome.com
without logging in. You may also configure your web browser to disable cookies when visiting the website.
You can set your cookie preferences by clicking the "Cookie Preferences" link located in the footer of all pages.
You can opt out of Google Analytics using a
browser extension
.
Font Awesome does not respond to the
Do Not Track HTTP header
.
Link to "Where does Font Awesome store data about me?"
Where does Font Awesome store data about me?
Font Awesome stores account data, data about website use, and data about content delivery network use on servers in the United States of America.
Content delivery network servers are located worldwide, and store data about their use wherever they are located.
Link to "Does Font Awesome comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?"
Does Font Awesome comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
Font Awesome respects privacy rights under
Regulation (EU) 2016/679
, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Information that GDPR requires Font Awesome to give can be found throughout these
    questions and answers.
Link to "How is Font Awesome in Compliance with GDPR if my Data is Transferred Internationally?"
How is Font Awesome in Compliance with GDPR if my Data is Transferred Internationally?
International transfers are allowed via the adequacy decision associated with the EU-U.S. Data Protection Framework.
Link to "Where can I see, change, and erase data about me?"
Where can I see, change, and erase data about me?
You can see and change your account data at any time by visiting your account page on
fontawesome.com
.
You can download a copy of all the data Font Awesome currently has about you
here
(requires login).
You can cancel your
Font Awesome Pro
subscription at any time. Canceling subscription will also start the process of deleting your account data.
Link to "Does Font Awesome share data about me with others?"
Does Font Awesome share data about me with others?
Font Awesome does not sell or give information about you to other companies or services. However, Font Awesome does use services from other companies
        to provide
fontawesome.com
,
content delivery networks
, and to distribute and develop icons and
        software. The companies behind those services may collect data about you on their own, for their own purposes. Some of these services may be used to
        collect information about your online activities across different websites. All of these services are based in the United States.
Affiliates are companies or individuals who recommend Font Awesome and refer customers through links that enable us to pay them a sales commission. We
        do not share any personally identifiable data about you with affiliates, even if you purchase Font Awesome through an affiliate's link. We provide
        affiliates with summary reports of sales and commissions, and a detail report that shows time-stamped log entries of when sales occur.
Link to "Content Delivery Network Providers"
Content Delivery Network Providers
Font Awesome uses content delivery network service providers to provide its
content delivery networks
:
Service
Privacy Notice
Cloudflare
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy
Link to "Payment Processors"
Payment Processors
Font Awesome uses payment processing services to collect and use
payment card data
:
Service
Privacy Notice
Braintree
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
PayPal
https://paypal.com/privacy
Stripe
https://stripe.com/privacy
Link to "Other Services"
Other Services
Font Awesome use several other services to run
fontawesome.com
, the
content delivery networks
, communicate with users and customers,
      and operate its business:
Service
Privacy Notice
Description
Amazon Web Services
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy
Provides cloud servers and services for running websites.
Basecamp
https://basecamp.com/about/policies/privacy
Manages Font Awesome team projects.
Backerkit
https://www.backerkit.com/privacy_policy
Manages Kickstarter campaign rewards delivery and shipping logistics.
GitHub
https://help.github.com/privacy-policy
Hosts source code and a private repository for Pro customers.
Google Analytics
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms
Compiles visitor statistics on
fontawesome.com
HelpScout
https://www.helpscout.net/company/legal/terms-of-service
Facilitates response to support questions.
Kickstarter
https://www.kickstarter.com/privacy
Hosts crowd-funding campaigns.
Sentry
https://sentry.io/privacy
Tracks technical errors.
Link to "How can I contact Font Awesome about privacy?"
How can I contact Font Awesome about privacy?
You can send privacy-related questions, complaints, and requests to Font Awesome at
privacy@fontawesome.com
.
For complaints under GDPR more generally, European Union users may lodge complaints with their local data protection supervisory authorities.
Link to "How can I find out about changes?"
How can I find out about changes?
This version of Font Awesome's privacy questions and answers took effect
November 11, 2024
.
Font Awesome will post the next version at
https://fontawesome.com/privacy
. Font Awesome may change how it announces changes in future versions.
      In the meantime, Font Awesome may update
its contact information
and
list of service providers
without announcing a change. Please refer to
https://fontawesome.com/privacy
for the latest information at any time.
Link to "EU-U.S. DPF Statement and Policy"
EU-U.S. DPF Statement and Policy
This EU-U.S. DPF Statement and Policy (this “policy”) explains the rights and policies concerning Fonticons, Inc.’s (“we,” “our,” or the “company’s”)
      collection, use, sale, and sharing of the personal information relating to any user (“you”) of our website, products, services, and other online tools
      and resources. We may update and make changes to this policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. This policy only addresses specific matters
      concerning collection, use, sale, and sharing of certain personal information. The terms herein supplement and amend our other policies, including but
      not necessarily limited to any of our other privacy policies. For additional information regarding how the company addresses privacy matters, please
      review all of our posted policies. It is the intention of our policy to ensure compliance with EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the
      EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and to safeguard the rights created and outlined therein as such rights relate to citizens of
      the EU, UK, and Switzerland.
Personal Data We Collect About You.
We collect information to provide goods and/or services to you, to help improve your customer experience,
        and to support our business functions. We may collect the following categories of consumer personal data:
Identifiers:
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual such as
          your name and email address.
Commercial information:
Purchase and transaction history, as well as information necessary to detect and prevent fraud when processing
          payments.
Quantitative Site Use:
Information pertaining to your use of our site, such as page views, the source of your visit, views of content
          during a visit, bandwidth utilized, stored video preferences, and information provided by you regarding your profile.
Geolocation data.
Why We Use Your Personal Information.
We use your consumer personal information for the following business purposes:
Maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information,
          processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services;
Advertising or marketing;
Helping to ensure security and integrity and prevent fraud;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or devices and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them;
Auditing or monitoring of transactions and engagements;
Compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Conducting research and analysis;
To conduct other activities for legitimate business purposes
Third Parties.
The information described herein may be stored on servers owned by third parties in the ordinary course of business.
Our Participation in the EU-U.S. DPF.
In order to comply with certain domestic and international legal requirements, we participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the "EU-U.S.
          DPF"). If you would like additional information regarding the EU-U.S. DPF other than what is contained in our Privacy Policy, such information is
          available at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
As described herein, Fonticons, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices in the State of Arkansas and State of Missouri, collects certain personal
          information (described above) and shares it with certain other parties (described above). As part of our participation in EU-U.S. DPF, we adhere to
          certain Principles, as described on and defined by the EU-U.S. DPF website (the "Principles"). Any of our subsidiaries also adhere to such
          Principles.
It is the intention of this policy to ensure compliance with EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.
          Data Privacy Framework, and to safeguard the rights created and outlined therein as such rights relate to citizens of the EU, UK, and Switzerland.
Fonticons, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data
          Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Fonticons, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce
          that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received
          from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Fonticons, Inc. has certified
          to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to
          the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
          privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data
          Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
As described herein, Fonticons, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices in the State of Arkansas and State of Missouri, collects certain personal
          information (described above) and shares it with certain other parties (described above). As part of our participation in EU-U.S. DPF, we adhere to
          certain Principles, as described on and defined by the EU-U.S. DPF website (the “Principles”). Any of our subsidiaries also adhere to such
          Principles.
We are committed to applying the Principles to all data we receive from the EU in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF.
The purposes for which we collect certain personal data is described above.
If you need to contact us, regarding inquiries, or complaints, you can reach us by email at
dpo@awesome.me
or
privacy@fontawesome.com
, or by clicking Help on
          any page at
https://fontawesome.com
". In addition, certain EU officials and organizations may be able to
          respond to your inquiries or complaints. You may find their contact information at
https://edps.europa.eu/about-edps/contact_en
or
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/more-about-edpb/contact-us_en
As described herein, the information we retain may be stored on servers owned by third parties.
You have a right to access the data that we collect about you. If you would like to do so, please contact us via the methods listed above.
Certain personal data, your email for example, is required for the use of our services. Therefore, if you do not wish for us to collect or store any
          of your personal data, then we will be unable to provide services to you.
An independent dispute resolution body is available to address complaints and provide recourse free of charge to you concerning the issues set forth
          herein. Specifically, we have elected the JAMS Data Privacy Framework for disputes relating to EU-U.S. DPF. If you need to open a dispute resolution
          matter relating to EU-U.S. DPF, information is available here:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
Our services, including the activities described herein, may be subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
By utilizing our services, you agree that, except as described herein and subject to the limitations of the laws of relevant jurisdictions, all
          matters relating to EU-U.S. DPF shall be subject to binding arbitration. You may initiate binding arbitration in the event that any dispute
          resolution procedures described by paragraph 4(xi) herein are unsuccessful. Information regarding initiating binding arbitration is available here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
In the event we receive a lawful request by a public or legal authority, such as a subpoena, we are required to abide by such requests and may be
          required to disclose data containing your personal information, even if you would prefer that we do not make such disclosure. Such disclosures may
          be required to be made in situations including, but not limited to, the necessity to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The rights and obligations contained in this Privacy Policy shall inure to the benefit or our, and your, heirs, successors, and assigns.
Opting Out.
You have the opportunity to choose to opt out of your personal information (i) being disclosed to a third party or (ii) being
        used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the
        individuals. To exercise such option, you can reach us by email at
dpo@awesome.me
or
privacy@fontawesome.com
, or by clicking Help on any page at
https://fontawesome.com
". For your reference, we do not gather personal information specifying medical or
        health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying
        the sex life of any individual
Our Liability.
The Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principle of the Principles explains that, if we wrongfully transfer your data, we
        have continuing responsibility for the processing of such personal information. In such case, we remain liable under the Principles if our agent
        processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we were not responsible for the event giving
        rise to the damage.
More Information.
For more information concerning the Principles, please see
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/program-articles/FAQs
Font Awesome Pro License
See how and where you can use Font Awesome
Pro
's icons and software in your projects and work.
Font Awesome Free License
Read the details on how you can use Font Awesome Free pretty much anywhere and everywhere.
Terms of Service
Understand what terms and expectations we have of you when using Font Awesome's icons, software, and services.
Sub-policy 13
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/gdprcontrollerterms/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms
Google and the other party agreeing to these terms (“
Partner
”) have entered into an agreement for the provision of the Controller Services (as amended from time to time, the “
Agreement
”).
These Google Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms (including the appendix, “
Controller Terms
”) are entered into by Google and Partner and supplement the Agreement. These Controller Terms will be effective, and replace any previously applicable terms relating to their subject matter, from the Terms Effective Date.
If you are accepting these Controller Terms on behalf of Partner, you warrant that: (a) you have full legal authority to bind Partner to these Controller Terms; (b) you have read and understand these Controller Terms; and (c) you agree, on behalf of Partner, to these Controller Terms. If you do not have the legal authority to bind Partner, please do not accept these Controller Terms.
1.
Introduction
These Controller Terms reflect the parties’ agreement on the processing of Controller Personal Data.
2.
Definitions and Interpretation
2.1
In these Controller Terms:
“
Additional Terms
” means the additional terms referred to in Appendix 1, which reflect the parties’ agreement on the terms governing the processing of Controller Personal Data in connection with certain Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
“
Affiliate
” means an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party.
“
Applicable Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable to the processing of Controller Personal Data, any national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data security or data protection law or regulation, including European Data Protection Legislation, the LGPD, U.S. State Data Protection Laws, and Japan Privacy Laws.
“
Controller Data Subject
” means a data subject to whom Controller Personal Data relates.
“
Controller Personal Data
” means personal data that is processed by a party under the Agreement in connection with its provision or use (as applicable) of the Controller Services.
“
Controller Services
” means the Google products or services that incorporate these Controller Terms by reference in their terms of service or other agreements, including the “Controller Services” listed at
business.safety.google/services
.
“
End Controller
” means, for each party, the ultimate controller of Controller Personal Data.
“
EU GDPR
” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
“
European Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable: (a) the GDPR; and/or (b) the Swiss FDPA.
“
GDPR
” means, as applicable: (a) the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the UK GDPR.
“
Google
” means the Google Entity that is party to the Agreement.
“
Google Entity
” means Google LLC, Google Ireland Limited or any other Affiliate of Google LLC.
"
Japan Privacy Law
" means Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information (Act No. 57 of 2003).
“
LGPD
” means the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais).
“
Swiss FDPA
” means, as applicable, the Federal Data Protection Act of 19 June 1992 (Switzerland) (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 14 June 1993), or the revised Federal Data Protection Act of 25 September 2020 (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 31 August 2022).
“
Terms Effective Date
” means the date on which Partner clicked to accept or the parties otherwise agreed to these Controller Terms.
“
UK GDPR
” means the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law under the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and applicable secondary legislation made under that Act.
“
U.S. State Data Protection Laws
” means all US privacy, data security, and data protection laws and regulations applicable to the personal information processed by a party under the Agreement, including without limitation the laws listed at
business.safety.google/usdataprotectionlaws
. including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) together with all implementing regulations (“CCPA").
2.2
The terms “
controller
”, “
data subject
”, “
personal data
”, “
processing
” and “
processor
” as used in these Controller Terms have the meanings given by either (a) Applicable Data Protection Legislation; or (b) absent any such meaning or law, the GDPR.
2.3
The words “
include
” and “
including
” mean “including but not limited to”. Any examples in these Controller Terms are illustrative and not the sole examples of a particular concept.
2.4
Any reference to a legal framework, statute or other legislative enactment is a reference to it as amended or re-enacted from time to time.
2.5
To the extent any translated version of these Controller Terms is inconsistent with the English version, the English version will govern.
3.
Application of these Controller Terms
3.1
General
. These Controller Terms will only apply to the Controller Services for which the parties agreed to these Controller Terms, for example: (a) the Controller Services for which Partner clicked to accept these Controller Terms; or (b) if the Agreement incorporates these Controller Terms by reference, the Controller Services that are the subject of the Agreement.
3.2
Incorporation of Additional Terms
. The Additional Terms supplement these Controller Terms.
4.
Roles and Restrictions on Processing
4.1
Independent Controllers
. Subject to Section 4.3 (End Controllers), each party:
(a)
is an independent controller of Controller Personal Data;
(b)
will individually determine the purposes and means of its processing of Controller Personal Data; and
(c)
will comply with the obligations applicable to it under the Applicable Data Protection Legislation regarding the processing of Controller Personal Data.
4.2
Restrictions on Processing
. Section 4.1 (Independent Controllers) will not affect any restrictions on either party’s rights to use or otherwise process Controller Personal Data under the Agreement.
4.3
End Controllers
. Without reducing either party’s obligations under these Controller Terms, each party acknowledges that: (a) the other party’s Affiliates or clients may be End Controllers; and (b) the other party may act as a processor on behalf of its End Controllers. Each party will ensure that its End Controllers comply with the Controller Terms.
4.4
Transparency
. Partner acknowledges Google has published information about how Google uses information from sites, apps or other properties that use its services at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. Without prejudice to its obligations under Section 4.1(c), Partner may link to that page to provide Controller Data Subjects with information about Google's processing of Controller Personal Data.
5.
Liability
If the Agreement is governed by the laws of:
(a)
a state of the United States of America, then, regardless of anything else in the Agreement, the total liability of either party towards the other party under or in connection with these Controller Terms will be limited to the maximum monetary or payment-based amount at which that party’s liability is capped under the Agreement (and therefore, any exclusion of indemnification claims from the Agreement’s limitation of liability will not apply to indemnification claims under the Agreement relating to the Applicable Data Protection Legislation); or
(b)
a jurisdiction that is not a state of the United States of America, then the liability of the parties under or in connection with these Controller Terms will be subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability in the Agreement.
6.
Effect of Controller Terms
6.1
Order of Precedence
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Additional Terms, the remainder of these Controller Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement then, subject to Sections 4.2 (Restrictions on Processing) and 6.2 (No Effect on Processor Terms), the following order of precedence will apply:
(a)
the Additional Terms (if applicable);
(b)
the remainder of these Controller Terms; and
(c)
the remainder of the Agreement.
6.2
No Effect on Processor Terms
. These Controller Terms will not affect any separate terms between Google and Partner reflecting a controller-processor, processor-processor or processor-controller relationship for a service other than the Controller Services.
7.
Changes to these Controller Terms
7.1
Changes to URLs
. From time to time, Google may change any URL referenced in these Controller Terms and the content at any such URL, except that Google may only change the list of potential Controller Services at
business.safety.google/services
:
(a)
to reflect a change to the name of a service;
(b)
to add a new service; or
(c)
to remove a service (or a feature of a service) where either: (i) all contracts for the provision of that service are terminated; (ii) Google has Partner’s consent; or (iii) the service, or a certain feature of the service, has been recategorised as a processor service.
7.2
Changes to Controller Terms
. Google may change these Controller Terms if the change:
(a)
is as described in Section 7.1 (Changes to URLs);
(b)
reflects a change in the name or form of a legal entity;
(c)
is required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency, or reflects Google’s adoption of a Data Transfer Solution (as defined in Appendix 1, Part A); or
(d)
does not otherwise: (i) seek to alter the categorisation of the parties as controllers of Controller Personal Data under Applicable Data Protection Legislation; (ii) expand the scope of, or remove any restrictions on, either party’s rights to use or otherwise process (x) in the case of the Additional Terms, the data in scope of the Additional Terms or (y) in the case of the remainder of these Controller Terms, Controller Personal Data; or (iii) have a material adverse impact on Partner, as reasonably determined by Google.
7.3
Notification of Changes
. If Google intends to change these Controller Terms under Section 7.2(c) and such change will have a material adverse impact on Partner, as reasonably determined by Google, then Google will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform Partner at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency) before the change will take effect. If Partner objects to any such change, Partner may terminate the Agreement by giving written notice to Google within 90 days of being informed by Google of the change.
Appendix 1: Additional Terms for Applicable Data Protection Legislation
PART A - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION
1.
Introduction
This Appendix 1, Part A will only apply to the extent that the European Data Protection Legislation applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data.
2.
Definitions
2.1
In this Appendix 1, Part A:
“
Adequate Country
” means:
(a)
for data processed subject to the EU GDPR: the EEA, or a country or territory
                      recognized as ensuring adequate data protection under the EU GDPR;
(b)
for data processed subject to the UK GDPR: the UK, or a country or territory recognized
                      as ensuring adequate protection under the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018; and/or
(c)
for data processed subject to the Swiss FDPA: Switzerland, or a country or territory
                      that is: (i) included in the list of the states whose legislation ensures adequate protection as
                      published by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, or (ii) recognized as
                      ensuring adequate protection by the Swiss Federal Council under the Swiss FDPA,
in each case, other than on the basis of an optional data protection framework.
“
Controller SCCs
” means the terms at
https://business.safety.google/gdprcontrollerterms/sccs/eu-c2c/
.
“
Data Transfer Solution
” means a solution that enables the lawful transfer of personal data to a third country in accordance with European Data Protection Legislation, including the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to EU-US Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework”), or another valid data protection framework recognized as providing adequate protection under Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
“
EEA
” means the European Economic Area.
“
European Controller Personal Data
” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data
                    Subjects located in the EEA or Switzerland.
“
European Laws
” means, as applicable: (a) EU or EU Member State law (if the EU GDPR applies
                    to the processing of Controller Personal Data); (b) the law of the UK or a part of the UK (if the UK GDPR
                    applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data); and (c) the law of Switzerland (if the Swiss FDPA
                    applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data).
“
Google End Controllers
” means the End Controllers of Controller Personal Data processed by
                    Google.
“
Permitted European Transfers
” means the processing of Controller Personal Data in, or the
                    transfer of Controller Personal Data to, an Adequate Country.
“
Restricted European Transfer(s)
” means transfer(s) of Controller Personal Data that are:
                    (a) subject to the European Data Protection Legislation; and (b) not Permitted European Transfers.
“
UK Controller Personal Data
” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data Subjects
                    located in the UK.
2.2
The terms “
data importer
” and “
data exporter
” have the
                    meanings given in the Controller SCCs.
3.
End Controllers
The Google End Controllers are: (i) for European Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google Ireland Limited, and where the Agreement is with a different Google Affiliate, that Affiliate will be the Google End Controller responsible for processing European Controller Personal Data in connection with billing for the Controller Services only (collectively, the “European End Controllers”); and (ii) for UK Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google LLC. Each party will ensure that its End Controllers comply with the Controller SCCs, where applicable.
4.
Data Transfers
4.1
Restricted European Transfers.
Either party may make Restricted European
                    Transfers if it complies with the provisions on Restricted European Transfers in the European Data
                    Protection Legislation.
4.2
Data Transfer Solution.
(a)
If Google has adopted a Data Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then: (i) Google will ensure that such Restricted European Transfers are made in accordance with the applicable Data Transfer Solution; and (ii) paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1, Part A will not apply to such Restricted European Transfers.
(b)
If Google has not adopted, or informs Partner that Google is no longer adopting, a Data Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1, Part A will apply to such Restricted European Transfers.
4.3
Onward Transfer Provisions.
(a)
Application of Paragraph 4.3.
Paragraphs 4.3(b) (Use of Data Provider Personal Data) and 4.3(c) (Protection of Data Provider Personal Data) of this Appendix 1, Part A will only apply to the extent that:
(i)
a party (the “
Data Recipient
”) processes Controller Personal Data
                        that is made available by the other party (the “
Data Provider
”) in connection with
                        the Agreement (such Controller Personal Data, “
Data Provider Personal Data
”);
(ii)
the Data Provider or its Affiliate is certified under a Data Transfer Solution; and
(iii)
the Data Provider notifies the Data Recipient of such Data Transfer Solution certification in writing.
(b)
Use of Data Provider Personal Data.
(i)
To the extent that an applicable Data Transfer Solution includes an onward transfer principle, then pursuant to such onward transfer principle under the relevant Data Transfer Solution, the Data Recipient will only use Data Provider Personal Data for limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the relevant Controller Data Subjects.
(ii)
To the extent the Data Provider fails to obtain consent from the relevant Controller Data Subjects as required under the Agreement, the Data Recipient will not be in breach of paragraph 4.3(b)(i) of this Appendix 1, Part A if it uses Data Provider Personal Data consistent with the required consent.
(c)
Protection of Data Provider Personal Data.
(i)
The Data Recipient will provide a level of protection for Data Provider Personal Data that is at least equivalent to that required under the Agreement and applicable Data Transfer Solution.
(ii)
If the Data Recipient determines that it cannot comply with paragraph 4.3(c)(i), it will: (A) notify the Data Provider in writing; and (B) either cease processing the Data Provider Personal Data or take reasonable and appropriate steps to remedy such non-compliance.
(d)
Data Transfer Solution Adoption and Certification.
Information about Google and/or its Affiliates’ adoption of, or certification under, any Data Transfer Solutions can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks
. The parties acknowledge that Google has certified under the Data Privacy Framework on behalf of itself and certain wholly-owned US subsidiaries. Google’s certification is available at https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov. The Data Privacy Framework will apply to any Restricted European Transfer to a certified Google entity in the US. This
                      paragraph 4.3(d) (Data Transfer Solution Adoption and Certification) constitutes notice in writing of Google and or its Affiliates’ current certifications as at the Terms Effective Date for the purpose of paragraph 4.3(a)(iii) of this Appendix 1, Part A .
5.
Controller SCCs
5.1
Transfers of European Controller Personal Data to Partner.
To the extent that:
(a)
Google transfers European Controller Personal Data to Partner; and
(b)
the transfer is a Restricted European Transfer, Partner as data importer will be deemed to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google Ireland Limited (the applicable Google End Controller) as data exporter, unless otherwise specified in the Agreement and the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs.
5.2
Transfers of UK Controller Personal Data to Partner
. To the extent that:
(a)
Google transfers UK Controller Personal Data to Partner; and
(b)
the transfer is a Restricted European Transfer,
Partner as data importer will be deemed to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google LLC (the applicable Google End Controller) as data exporter and the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs.
5.3
Transfers of European Controller Personal Data to Google.
The parties acknowledge that to the extent Partner transfers European Controller Personal Data to Google, the Controller SCCs are not required because the address of Google Ireland Limited (the applicable Google End Controller) is in an Adequate Country and such transfers are Permitted European Transfers. This does not affect Google’s obligations under paragraph 4.1 (Restricted European Transfers) of this Appendix 1, Part A.
5.4
Transfers of UK Controller Personal Data to Google.
To the extent that Partner transfers UK Controller Personal Data to Google, Partner as data exporter will be deemed to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google LLC (the applicable Google End Controller) as data importer and the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs, because Google LLC’s address is not in an Adequate Country.
5.5
Contacting Google; Partner Information
.
(a)
Partner may contact Google Ireland Limited and/or Google LLC in connection with the Controller SCCs at
legal-notices@google.com
or through such other means as may be provided by Google from time to time.
(b)
Partner acknowledges that Google is required under the Controller SCCs to record certain information, including (i) the identity and contact details of the data importer (including any contact person with responsibility for data protection); and (ii) the technical and organisational measures implemented by the data importer. Accordingly, Partner will, where requested and as applicable to Partner, provide such information to Google via such means as may be provided by Google, and will ensure that all information provided is kept accurate and up-to-date.
5.6
Responding to Data Subject Enquiries
. The applicable data importer will be
                    responsible for responding to enquiries from data subjects and the supervisory authority concerning the
                    processing of applicable Controller Personal Data by the data importer.
5.7
Data Deletion on Termination
. To the extent that:
(a)
Google LLC acts as data importer and Partner acts as data exporter under the Controller SCCs; and
(b)
Partner terminates the Agreement in accordance with Clause 16(c) of the Controller SCCs, then for the purposes of Clause 16(d) of the Controller SCCs, Partner directs Google to delete Controller Personal Data, and, unless European Laws require storage, Google will facilitate such deletion as soon as is reasonably practicable, to the extent such deletion is reasonably possible (taking into account that Google is an independent Controller of such data, as well as the nature and functionality of the Controller Services).
6.
Liability if Controller SCCs Apply.
If Controller SCCs apply under paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1, Part A, then the total combined liability of:
(a)
Google, Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited towards Partner; and
(b)
Partner towards Google, Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited,
under or in connection with the Agreement and the Controller SCCs combined will be subject to Section 5 (Liability). Clause 12 of the Controller SCCs will not affect the previous sentence.
7.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
If a party’s Affiliate is a party to the applicable Controller SCCs in accordance with paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1, Part A, that Affiliate, , will be a third-party beneficiary of Section 4.3 (End Controllers) and paragraphs 3 (Google End Controllers), 5 (Controller SCCs) and 6 (Liability if Controller SCCs Apply) of this Appendix 1, Part A. To the extent this paragraph 7 (Third-Party Beneficiaries) conflicts or is inconsistent with any other clause in the Agreement, this paragraph 7 (Third-Party Beneficiaries) will apply.
8.
Precedence
8.1
If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Controller SCCs, this Appendix 1, Part A, the remainder of these Controller Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement, then the Controller SCCs will prevail.
8.2
Additional Commercial Clauses
. Subject to the amendments in these Controller Terms, the Agreement remains in full force and effect. Paragraphs 5.5 (Contacting Google) to 5.7 (Data Deletion on Termination), and paragraph 6 (Liability if Controller SCCs Apply) of this Appendix 1, Part A are additional commercial clauses relating to the Controller SCCs as permitted by Clause 2(a) (Effect and invariability of the Clauses) of the Controller SCCs.
8.3
No Modification of Controller SCCs
. Nothing in the Agreement (including
                    these Controller Terms) is intended to modify or contradict any Controller SCCs or prejudice the fundamental
                    rights or freedoms of data subjects under the European Data Protection Legislation.
PART B - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR U.S. STATE DATA PROTECTION LAWS
1.
Introduction
Google and Partner have entered into the
Google Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms
(“
Controller Terms
”), which supplement the Agreement. This Appendix 1, Part B reflects the parties’ agreement on the processing of personal information and Deidentified Data (as defined below) pursuant to the Agreement in connection with the US State Data Protection Laws, and is effective solely to the extent each US State Data Protection Law applies.
2.
Additional Definitions and Interpretation.
In this Appendix 1, Part B:
(a)
“
Deidentified Data
” means data information that is “deidentified” (as that
                    term is defined by the CCPA) and “de-identified data” (as defined by US State Data Protection Laws), when
                    disclosed by one party to the other.
(b)
the terms “
business
”, “
consumer
”, “
personal
                      information
”, “
sale(s)
”, “
sell
”, and “
share
” as used in this Appendix 1, Part B have the meanings given in the US State Data Protection Laws.
3.
Mutual Terms.
Each party:
3.1
Will not sell any personal information that it obtains from the other party in connection with the Agreement;
3.2
Each party, with respect to personal information received from the other party, will comply as an independent business or controller under US State Data Protection Laws, and will be solely liable for such compliance;
3.3
Will comply with the requirements for processing Deidentified Data set out in US State Data Protection Laws with respect to any Deidentified Data it receives from the other party pursuant to the Agreement; and
3.4
Acknowledges that, to the extent Google discloses personal information to Partner pursuant to the Agreement, Google intends to disclose personal information to Partner only under an applicable exception to “sale” and “sharing,” each as defined by US State Data Protection Laws.
4.
Google’s CCPA Obligations.
4.1
If Partner sells or shares personal information to Google that is subject to the CCPA, Google will:
(a)
Process the personal information only for the limited purposes specified in the Agreement, unless otherwise permitted by the CCPA;
(b)
Permit Partner, upon reasonable request, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that Google uses the personal information in a manner consistent with a business’ obligations under the CCPA by requesting that Google attest to its compliance with this paragraph 4.1 of this Appendix 1, Part B. Following any such request, Google will promptly provide that attestation or notice about why it cannot provide it;
(c)
Notify Partner if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA. This paragraph 4.1(c) of this Appendix 1, Part B does not reduce either party’s rights and obligations elsewhere in the Agreement;
(d)
If Partner reasonably believes that Google is processing personal information in an unauthorized manner, Partner has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at legal@google.com, and the parties will work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary; and
(e)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
5.
Changes to this Appendix 1, Part B.
In addition to Section 7 (Changes to these Controller Terms) of the Controller Terms, as applicable, Google may change this Appendix 1, Part B without notice if the change (a) is based on applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order, or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency or (b) does not have a material adverse impact on Partner under the US State Data Protection Laws, as reasonably determined by Google.
PART C - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR JAPAN PRIVACY LAWS
1.
Introduction
This Appendix 1, Part C will only apply to the extent that a Controller Data Subject is a Japanese citizen.
2.
Additional Obligations
The parties will be subject to Section 4 (Data Controllers’ Mutual Obligations) and Section (Receiving Controller’s Obligations 5) of the Partner Information Protection Addendum available at
https://business.safety.google/pipa/
.
Google Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms, Version 8
4 June 2024
Previous Versions
1 September 2023
23 January 2023
22 September 2022
27 September 2021
15 June 2021
27 August 2020
31 October 2019
25 May 2018
Sub-policy 14
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/gdprcontrollerterms/sccs/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Standard Contractual Clauses (Where Google is a Controller)
EU Controller-Controller SCCs
EU Controller-Processor SCCs
EU Processor-Processor SCCs
UK Controller-Controller SCCs
UK Controller-Processor SCCs