Privacy Policy
ForUsApps, LLC
Thank you for visiting ForUsApps, LLC and our Service (“TrendTok Analytics”). Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used at our Service.
If you choose to use this Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Information that is collected is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
​
Information Collection and Use:
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you – such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc. – unless you choose to complete registration and become a Member and affirmatively consent to our collection of such personally identifiable information.
We do automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Service. We call this information “Anonymous Data”. Anonymous Data is non-personally identifiable information about your use or the aggregate use of all users that allows us to provide analytics and information on application performance, trends, and other metrics that may be useful to users or us. Anonymous Data includes, but is not limited to, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g. Comcast, Verizon FIOS, etc.), the country a mobile device is used in, the time zone of use, the type of mobile device and similar information.
We use non-personally identifiable information to analyze site usage, which allows us to improve the design and content of our site. These activities may include, but are not limited to:
Administering, protecting, operating and maintaining the Service and our systems; Improving the navigation and content of our Service, system administration and security; Compiling aggregated statistics about the site usage and to better understand the preferences of our site visitors; Carrying out research and development to improve our services; Carrying out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes about which we will notify our visitors.
ForUsApps may from time to time engage third parties to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by ForUsApps from its customers and to maintain records that allow us to efficiently communicate with you and provide, recommend appropriate services, execute documents, provide invoices, and collect payment. We cannot guarantee the privacy of personal information you transmit over the web or that may be collectible in transit by others, including third parties who provide services to us.
Our site contains links to other sites, including social media sites and applications, whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
​
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
We may use cookies in order to facilitate the use of analytics tools and/or similar applications designed for measuring Service performance (collectively “Analytics”), with respect to our users. We may use Analytics to track and analyze the web pages visitors visit so that we can better understand and improve our services.
We do not deliver third party online advertisements on our Service, but we may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads for our services when you access and use other Services, based on the information relating to your access to and use of our Service, as well as information received from third parties. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.
We may use cookies in the following ways:
Where they are essential to make our site work To enable the personalization features on our Service To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Service and to help us improve the structure of our Service. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
​
Data Retention
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. When your personal data is no longer needed, we will securely delete or anonymize it.
​
Data Deletion Request
If you wish to have your personal data deleted from our records, you may submit a request by emailing
support@forusapps.com
with the subject line "Data Deletion." We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and will delete your personal data as required by applicable law, unless we are required or authorized to retain it for legitimate business or legal purposes.
​
Secu
rity
We take precautions to protect your information. We use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a secure data environment, however, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Ordering online for a ForUsApps product or service is secure and convenient. Our ordering process is protected by the Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) protocol, which encrypts your information and confirms the identity of the ForUsApps server before completing your transaction. Netscape Navigator 2.0 + (or better) and Internet Explorer 3.0+ (or better) support the SSL protocol. We recommend you use the latest browsers to ensure that you are protected by advances in security technology. Only input credit or debit card information in the appropriately marked places in our registration materials. Please do NOT include this information in any other communication on our Messaging Services or other communication.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
​
Log Files
Like most standard Services, we use log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However, none of the information stored in our log files, including but not limited to IP addresses, is linked to personally identifiable information.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this policy or any part of it from time to time. Please review the policy periodically for changes. We will notify you of any material changes we make and you will have the opportunity to opt out at that time.
Contact
Should you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, you may contact ForUsApps at
support@forusapps.com
.
Privacy Policy