New - Wave Life
EARBUDS
EarFun OpenJump
Open-ear Comfort
Hi-Res Audio & BassSurge™ Tech
EarFun Air Pro 4
50dB Adaptive ANC
Lossless Audio & Auracast.
EarFun Air 2 NC
Hi-Res Audio tech
Adaptive Noise Cancelling
More Products
HEADPHONES
EarFun Wave Life
Hybrid ANC 45dB
Bluetooth 5.4
EarFun Wave Pro
Hi-Res Audio
80 Hours Playback
More Products
SPEAKERS
EarFun UBOOM® X
80W Massive Powerful Sound
30h Playtime
EarFun UBOOM® L
Premium Natural Sound
IP67 Dustproof & Waterproof
EarFun UBOOM®
360° Sound
IPX7 Waterproof
More Products
SUPPORT
Warranty
Process-warranty
Product Guides
Orders Tracking
BRAND
About Us
Affiliate Program
Press Release
Community
Sign in
Sign up
Order Status
Global
Global
Europe
Deutschland
United Kingdom
Japan (日本)
Russia
New - Wave Life
EARBUDS
HEADPHONES
SPEAKERS
SUPPORT
Warranty
Process-warranty
Product Guides
Orders Tracking
BRAND
About Us
Affiliate Program
Press Release
Community
Community
EarFun Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 07/27/2020
This Privacy Policy applies to certain information, as defined below, that Shenzhen Earfun Technology Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (“EarFun,” “our,” “we” or “us”) collects through our websites, products, and applications (the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy explains the information that EarFun may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the applicable terms of use for the Properties, which governs your use of the properties and services.
Information Provided by Users
Your Account information:
You provide your email, or log in for a third-party account
                        (like Facebook), to create an online or application account (“Account”) or subscribe to our
                        communications. If you refuse to provide such information, you may not be able to use the
                        Services properly. When creating your Account, you may be asked to enter certain information,
                        such as: your name, avatar, age, gender, address, telephone number and email address.
Payment information:
Third-Party Payment Processor: We use a third-party payment
                        processor (currently Paypal) to assist in securely processing your personally identifiable
                        payment information. When you place an order through the Services, the credit card information
                        that you provide is encrypted and transmitted directly to Paypal. We do not store your credit
                        card information and do not control and are not responsible for Paypal or its collection or use
                        of your information. You may find out more about how Paypal stores and uses your credit card
                        information by accessing Paypal’s privacy policy.
Customer Support:
When you contact us, you can provide us with information about your
                        use of the Services, including information about the EarFun electronics and/or consumer products
                        (“Products”) that you own and contact details, so that we can provide customer support. For
                        example, you can send an email to Customer Support that contains information about our EarFun Free performance, and other issues.
Device properties and operations:
We collect certain information from and about your
                        smartphone, tablet, or personal computer (“Device”), such as: Device number, model, hardware and
                        software version, signal intensity, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, and other information. We
                        also collect information about the operations you perform on the Device, such as time,
                        frequency, and duration of use.
Device signals:
We collect information that your Device sends out or receives to tailor
                        the Services to our users in different regions, such as: geo-location, IP addresses, and
                        external hardware information from your Device about surrounding Wi-Fi access points, beacons,
                        and cell towers. You can enable and disable communicating such information to us by adjusting
                        your Device security and privacy settings.
Server logs:
A server log is a list of the activities that a server performs. EarFun’s
                        servers automatically collect and store in server logs certain information, such as: your search
                        queries, IP addresses, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of
                        your request, referral URL, and certain cookies that identify your browser or Account.
Web beacons:
A web beacon (also called a pixel tag or clear GIF) is computer code that
                        communicates information from your Device to a server. Some of EarFun’s Services and
                        communications may contain embedded web beacons that allow a server to read certain types of
                        information from your Device, such as: the number of people who have viewed certain content,
                        when you opened an email message, and your Device IP address. Web beacons help EarFun develop
                        statistical information to provide better and more personalized content.
Cookies:
Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser
                        or your computer’s hard drive. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet
                        location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires)
                        and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. A cookie also may contain
                        information about Device, such as: user settings, browsing history, and activities conducted
                        while using the Services.
a.
Strictly necessary cookies, which are required for the operation of the Services. Without them,
                    for example, you would not be able to use your Account.
b.
Analytical/performance cookies, which allow EarFun to recognize and count the number of
                    visitors, learn how visitors navigate the Services, and improve the Services.
c.
Functionality cookies, which EarFun uses to recognize you when you return to the Services.
Analytics services:
EarFun also uses analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to
                        collect and analyze your information. Generally analytics services do not identify individual
                        users. Many analytics services allow you to opt out of data collection.
Unless legally required, we do not commit to honoring "Do Not Track" signals in your browser
                    because honoring it would prevent much of the tracking and disclosures described in this Privacy
                    Policy.
We collect and use information obtained from Facebook, Google, Amazon, and other accounts you use
                    to login to the Services (“Third-Party Accounts”), such as: your name, your user name or handle,
                    birth date, picture, and other details you may have on your Third-Party Account profile. We do not
                    have access to your Third-Party Account passwords.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions:
We use your information to process payments you make through
                        the Services.
To send periodic emails:
The email address you provide for order processing or for your
                        Account may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to
                        receiving occasional company news, updates, related Product or Services information, including
                        sending you updates to our terms and policies and other important messages from time to time. We
                        may also send you marketing and promotional communications we believe might be relevant to your
                        interests.
Our service:
We operate and provide services, including providing customer support and
                        improving, repairing, and customizing the Services. We use your information to understand how
                        people use and to evaluate and improve the Services. Furthermore, we use your information to
                        research, develop, and test new services, Products, and features, as well as perform
                        troubleshooting activities. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
                        We use cookies to operate, provide, improve, understand, and customize the Services.
Security and privacy:
We use your information to verify Account details and activity. We
                        also use your information to promote the security and privacy of the Services, such as
                        investigating suspicious activities or violations of our terms.
Advertising and business information:
We may show advertisements to you and others for
                        our Products and third-party products based on the information we have collected from you, such
                        as: what you have installed, accessed, used, and purchased.
Accessing Third-Party Accounts:
We use your information, including Third-Party Account
                        information, to permit your Products and the Services to access Third-Party Accounts. These
                        Third-Party Accounts may allow you to share personal information through our Services, such as
                        Facebook posts or pictures. Because this kind of information can be public, you should exercise
                        care in what you choose to submit to Third-Party Accounts. Please adjust your Third-Party
                        Account privacy settings appropriately.
Third-party providers:
We share your information with third-party providers that we work with to help us operate, provide, analyze, improve, understand, customize, support, and market the Services.
Third-party services:
When you use third-party services, such as through Third-Party Accounts that integrate with the Products and Services, they may receive your information. When you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will apply to your use of these services.
Regulatory and legal issues:
We may also release your information to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our terms and policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
About the protection of juveniles' personal information. The company attaches great importance to the protection of juveniles' personal information. If you are a juvenile under the age of 16 (according to the legal requirements of EU member states, the minimum age must not be less than 13 years old), you must obtain written consent from your parent or legal guardian before using this product and service. This product and service will protect the personal information of juveniles in accordance with the relevant EU laws and regulations.
The Services are not directed to or intended for use by minors. Consistent with the requirements of applicable law, if we learn that we have received any information directly from a minor, we will take steps to delete or destroy that information. California minors: While the Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 18, if you are a California resident who is under age 18 and you are unable to remove publicly-available content that you have submitted to us, you may request removal by contacting us at: service@myearfun.com. When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information was entered, so that we can find it. We are not required to remove any content or information that:
(1) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain;
(2) was not posted by you;
(3) is anonymized so that you cannot be identified;
(4) you don’t follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal;or
(5) you received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or information. Removal of your content or information from the Service does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete the content or information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the content or information or render it invisible to other users and the public.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied personally identifiable payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. After a transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.
We provide you with the ability to review, manage, or delete your information.
Changing your email, nickname, and more: You can review and change your Account profile information by logging in to your Account and visiting your Account settings page.
Unsubscribe: If at any time you would like to manage your communications settings, such as unsubscribe from receiving emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. You may also unsubscribe by logging in to your Account and visiting your Account settings page.
Deleting your Account: If you want to delete your Account, you may do so on your Account settings page. Deleting your Account will remove the personally identifiable information associated with your Account.
We store your information until we no longer need it to provide the Services, as described in this Privacy Policy, or until you delete your Account as described above, depending on which comes first.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to third-party websites on our Services. These third-party websites have separate and independent privacy policies. Please use these third-party websites with caution. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request, please send an e-mail with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line to
service@myearfun.com
.
EarFun reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you, and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting, so please review this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Properties prior to the change becoming effective.
If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding Personal Information or about this Privacy Policy, please submit your request via email at
service@myearfun.com
.