Privacy Policy
Updated: March 15, 2021
Effective date: March 15, 2021
This software is a product of ("us" or "company"). We attach great importance to the protection of users'
            personal information. When you use the software "We, More Than Seeing the World" (hereinafter referred to as
            "we"), we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to explain to you what information about
            you may be collected, the purpose of collecting this information, and how we and you protect the security of
            this information through this policy.
Before using this software, please read this policy (especially the bolded content) carefully and confirm
            that you understand our rules for handling your personal information. If you have any questions about this
            Privacy Policy Agreement, you can contact us for consultation. Once you click to confirm acceptance of this
            policy, you acknowledge and accept all contents of this policy (including the updated version), and agree to
            our collection, use, storage, sharing, transfer or disclosure of your relevant information in accordance
            with this policy.
content
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
4. Information storage
5. How we protect your personal information
6. Your management of personal information
7. Information protection of minors
8. Scope of application of this policy
9.Changes to this policy and contact information
I. How we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means that can
            identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person
            alone or in combination with other information. Information that is not related to you, such as map data, is
            not your personal information.
The main sources of personal information we collect are: the information you provide to us, and the
            information we obtain during your use of this software. We will collect and use your personal information
            for the following product functions. If you do not provide relevant information or do not agree to our
            collection of relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or enjoy some of the
            services we provide, Or can not achieve good service effect.
(1) Basic functional services
The basic functional service of this software is "viewing street views and enjoying VR attractions", and the
            necessary personal information is: location permissions, network permissions. For the normal use of this
            basic function, you must provide us with the following information.
location information
Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you enable the device
            positioning function and use the location-based services provided by the software, mainly including: when
            you enable the device positioning function and use the software, we may use GPS , WiFi, cell towers or other
            technological means to collect and process information about your actual location.
We collect your location information to provide you with Street View around me based on your location. Before
            collecting this information, we will prompt you in a pop-up window and ask for your opinion, and you can
            choose to agree or refuse. If you do not agree to this software to obtain location information, you will not
            be able to use this function.
(2) Non-basic functional services
In order to provide you with better and smarter products and services, we may need to collect the following
            information. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to enjoy the corresponding extended business
            functions and services.
To collect the information you provide for the purpose of registering an account
If you use the software and apply for a registered account or log in to the software with a third-party
            account, we may collect the account information you provide. When you register for our map account, you will
            provide us with a mobile phone number and a temporary verification code. At present, this software supports
            registration and login methods such as mobile phone number and mobile phone number one-key login. If there
            is any change in subsequent registration and login methods, the actual provision of this software shall
            prevail. The purpose of collecting the aforementioned account information is (1) to provide you with better
            services through account management. By logging in to your account, you can view the membership validity
            period, surrounding street views, online customer service and other services you have acquired; Log in to
            your account, you can view your relevant information, and you will not lose data due to changing mobile
            phones. (2) If you provide a real and effective real-name mobile phone number for binding, when you
            encounter problems such as lost registered account or forgotten password, you can easily retrieve your
            account and password. (3) We will de-identify the relevant information collected and conduct statistical
            analysis in order to more accurately understand the habits of users, and on this basis, continue to improve
            products, improve service quality and improve product user experience.
We will only store the account registration information you provide during the valid registration period of
            your account. When you voluntarily cancel your account, we will delete your personal information
            synchronouslyaccording to relevant laws and regulations.
Purpose of providing you with products or services
Provide you with services such as VR attractions and surrounding street views that better meet your needs,
            understand product compatibility and adaptability, identify abnormal account status, report errors to you,
            etc., in addition to the information you actively provide us according to the product or service content ,
            we will directly or indirectly collect the following relevant information about your use of the software and
            may associate this information.
log information
When you use this software, the system may automatically collect certain information through device
            identification code, Android ID or other means and store it in server logs. Such information we collect may
            include:
Log information related to network security events, such as network crashes, system activities and other
            information. Such information is required by law to be collected. If you do not want such information to be
            collected by us, please use this software with caution.
The purpose of collecting the aforementioned information is to improve and optimize our product experience
            and ensure product services.
Before collecting the aforementioned information, we will prompt you in a pop-up window and ask for your
            opinion, and you can choose to agree or refuse. If you do not want the relevant information to be accessed,
            you can also choose to turn off the relevant functions in the device or this software, but this may affect
            our ability to provide you with the corresponding functions.
Device Information
Device information refers to the information of the device you use when using this software.
When you use this software, we will collect your device brand, device model, screen resolution, mobile
            operator information, device identification code (IMEI), network device hardware Address MAC, system
            version, AndroidID, device location related information (IP address, GPS location), device environment
            information, etc. The purpose of collecting this information is to help us conduct bug analysis, ensure your
            normal use of the software's services, improve and optimize our product experience, and ensure the security
            of your account. We will not match this information with your personally identifiable information, nor will
            we provide your device information to any third party except as expressly provided in this policy. The above
            device information is the basic information collected for the provision of services. If you do not want the
            device information to be collected by us, it may cause some functions of the product to be unavailable. For
            example, the interface cannot be adapted to the device information, which affects the display of the
            interface.
Please note that individual device information, location information, log information, etc. cannot identify a
            specific natural person. In order to provide you with consistent services on your device, we may associate
            the relevant information collected on your various devices. If such association results in the
            identification of a specific natural person, we will anonymize and de-identify such information for use
            unless we obtain your authorization or consent.
Software installation list
When you use the function of sharing to WeChat, we will obtain the software installation list of your device
            to determine whether the WeChat application has been installed, so as to handle the operation process and
            related tips of sharing to WeChat.
Information collected for the purpose of providing you with customer service
When you contact us, we may save your account number, phone number, email address, IP address, communication
            records, etc., or other contact information provided by you, in order to contact you or help you solve
            problems, or to record related problems. Treatment plan and results.
Your personal information that we may collect through indirect means
(1) When you use third-party products and services accessed by this software, you may need to submit your
            personal information, and you authorize us to obtain relevant information indirectly from third parties:
(2) When you use our passport to log in to our software products or services, we need to collect your device
            information (IMEI, IMSI, MAC) for bug analysis, improvement and optimization of product services.
(3) If you refuse to provide the above information or refuse to authorize, you may not be able to use the
            corresponding products or services of our affiliates or third parties, or you may not be able to display
            relevant information, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the software products or
            services.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If
            a function or service is not in the above description and your information is collected, we will use page
            prompts, interactive processes, web page announcements, etc. The content, scope and purpose of information
            collection will be explained to you separately to obtain your consent.
Device permission call
In the process of providing services, in order to ensure that you can use the product functions normally, we
            will apply to the system for the following device permissions for you, and you can choose to allow or
            prohibit the application for relevant permissions. You can also cancel the authorization in the system at
            any time. Your cancellation of authorization will prevent you from using related business functions, but
            will not prevent you from using other functions.
The invocation of system permissions by various business functions is as follows:
Equipment permissions
Business functions
Whether authorization can be disabled
Equipment information
Assist in bug analysis, improve and optimize product experience
YSE
positioning
Get your current location, used for searching, positioning the current location to obtain the
                    surrounding street view and other basic functions
YSE
Control WIFI switch
When there is no signal or weak signal, LBS positioning (base station, wifi) will be adopted. When
                    LBS positioning (base station, Wi-Fi) is used, it is necessary to turn on the wifi switch and search
                    for nearby wifi signals (only the ID of nearby wifi is obtained, not actively connect to any wifi)
                    as the positioning basis
YSE
Reading motion data
It refers to the permission of some of the sensor data of the mobile phone, including the direction
                    sensor (compass, gyroscope), etc., to assist positioning in the case of poor signal.
YSE
Store permissions
Get pictures from mobile phone album, recognize and extract text, or carry out image recognition
                    (take photos to recognize pictures, and return the corresponding encyclopedia results and
                    similarity, etc.)
YSE
Data Sharing and Disclosure
In order to provide you with one-click sharing service, our product integrates Umeng + U-Share SDK, which
            will collect your device identification information (such as IMEI/android ID/IDFA, etc.) One-click sharing
            service. For your information security, we have entered into data security confidentiality agreements with
            third-party SDK service providers, and these companies will strictly abide by our data privacy and security
            requirements. We will not share your personally identifiable information with it unless we have your
            consent. In order for you to better understand the types and uses of data collected by [Umeng+], and how to
            protect your personal information, you can visit https://www.umeng.com/policy to understand the [Umeng+]
            privacy policy
For the purpose of providing security
In order to ensure the authenticity of user identity and provide you with better security, you can provide us
            with personal information to complete user registration. If you refuse to provide the above information, you
            may not be able to use the additional services you may enjoy after real-name authentication, but it will not
            affect your use of basic services such as positioning and navigation. In order to improve the security of
            your use of the software, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from
            infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and
            other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of the law In the event of laws and
            regulations or the relevant agreement rules of this product, we may use or integrate your user information,
            device information, log information, and the information we obtain from associations and partners with your
            authorization or share in accordance with the law to comprehensively judge the status of your account and
            transaction risks. , carry out identity verification, detection and prevention of security incidents, and
            take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures according to law. Other purposes or ways
            of use
Other purposes or ways of use
Participate in our surveys and activities: We may hold surveys about our software products and services from
            time to time, or organize promotional activities around operational needs. If you need to provide more
            personal information than permitted by this policy when participating in such surveys or activities, we will
            Ask for your consent in advance. We may collect statistics on the usage of this software and may share these
            statistics with the public or third parties to demonstrate overall usage trends of our products and/or
            services. However, these statistics do not contain any identifying information about you. On the premise of
            complying with relevant laws and regulations, we may de-identify the data through technical means (the
            de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject of personal information), and use the
            information collected through this software for our purposes. other products and services, or help us design
            new products and services. For example, we may use the information you collect when using one of our
            functions or services to provide you with specific content in another function or service, including but not
            limited to displaying advertisements, performing indirect crowd portraits based on feature tags, and
            providing personalized services Wait. When we use the information for other purposes not specified in this
            policy or use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your prior
            consent.
Storage permission Obtain pictures from the mobile phone album, identify and extract text, or perform
            picture recognition (take pictures to identify pictures, and return the corresponding encyclopedia results
            and similarity, etc.) Yes
Exceptions with Your Authorized Consent
You understand and agree that we do not need your authorization and consent to use your personal information
            in the following situations:
(1) Related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Those related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
(4) It is difficult to obtain the consent of the person in order to protect the life and property of the
            personal information subject or other individuals and other major legitimate rights and interests;
(5) The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the subject of the personal information;
(6) Your personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news
            reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(7) Necessary to sign and perform the contract according to your request;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as
            finding and disposing of faults in the products or services;
(9) Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
(10) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to carry out statistical or academic research
            based on public interests, and when providing the results of academic research or description to the outside
            world, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified;
(11) Other situations stipulated by laws, regulations and regulatory policies.
II. How we use cookies and similar technologies
In order to ensure the normal operation of this software, to provide you with a more convenient access
            experience and to recommend to you content that may be of interest to you, we will store small data files
            called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some
            numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites and clients can store your registration
            information, preferences and other data. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described
            in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your own preferences. You can clear the
            cookies saved on your device by going to "System Settings - Application Management - Clear Cache" on your
            mobile phone.
III. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
(1) Sharing of information
We will not share your personal information with any organization or individual other than us, except in the
            following cases:
with your express prior consent or authorization;
Shared as necessary in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal process requirements, mandatory
            administrative or judicial requirements;
Sharing with our other products or services or with our associations, in order for us to jointly provide
            services to you based on the associated accounts, recommend information that may be of interest to you,
            protect the associations of the software or service providers or other users or the public Your personal and
            property safety is protected from infringement, and your personal information may be shared with our
            affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information (for example, in order to facilitate your use
            of our passport account to use our other products or services or to use our associated products or services,
            we will share your personal registered account information), if we share your personal information If the
            information or association changes the purpose of use and processing of personal information, your consent
            will be sought again.
Sharing with Authorized Partners: Some of our services will be jointly provided by us and authorized partners
            only for the purposes previously stated in this policy. We may share certain information about you with our
            partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal
            information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and only share personal
            information necessary to provide services. Our partners are not authorized to use the shared personal
            information for other purposes unrelated to the product or service. Currently, our authorized partners
            include the following types:
(1) Software service providers, smart device providers and system service providers. When this software is
            combined with third-party software and device systems to provide you with location-based services, it may
            collect your location information and device information and provide them to the system based on your
            authorization and settings for system positioning. At the same time, it may also include the registration
            information you fill in separately as needed. If you refuse the collection and use of such information, you
            need to make settings in the device system or close the software that provides services. This product cannot
            close related services through automatic or manual settings.
(2)Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We may send information to suppliers, service providers
            and other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services,
            providing functional services within or linked to software products, and analyzing how our services are used
            , measure the effectiveness of services, provide customer service and surveys, etc. We may also cooperate
            with third parties through SDK and other technical means to provide you with more abundant and convenient
            products and services. Currently, the third-party SDK services accessed by this software include:
3DMarks Provides 3D Earth model, Street View coating and base styles
https://benchmarks.ul.com/privacy-policy
Union Statistics Provide one-click sharing and error log reporting services
https://www.umeng.com/policy
Appsflyer：Provides the error log reporting service
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
(3) Data analysis, information promotion and advertising service partners. We will share your device
            information or encrypted label information with such partners to monitor the advertisement delivery, provide
            users with analysis results that better meet their needs, and achieve effective access and optimization of
            promotion or advertising information. Ad Performance. For the organizations and individuals with whom we
            share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, requiring them to
            process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy Guidelines and other
            relevant confidentiality and security measures.
We will not transfer your personal information to any, organizations and individuals, except in the following
            cases:
(1) Obtain your express consent or authorization in advance;
(2) Provided in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, mandatory
            administrative or judicial requirements;
(3) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements
            signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
(4)When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if it involves the
            transfer of personal information, we will require new organizations that hold your personal information to
            continue to be bound by the guidelines of this Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will Ask the organization to
            ask you for authorization again.
3) Disclosure of information
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and on the premise
            of taking industry-standard security protection measures:
(1) You agree or authorize us to disclose;
(2) When it is necessary to provide your personal information according to the requirements of laws,
            regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may publicly disclose
            your personal information according to the required type and disclosure method of personal information.
            Under the premise of compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive the above request for information
            disclosure, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents. We have carefully reviewed all
            requests to ensure that they have a legal basis, and limited to data that law enforcement authorities have a
            legitimate right to obtain for specific investigative purposes;
(3) In an emergency, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, us and other users or
            public safety and interests;
(4) Comply with the user agreement of this software or other similar agreements.
(IV) Exceptions to prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing
            personal information
In the following cases, you do not need your prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or
            publicly disclosing your personal information:
(1) Related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Those related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
(4) In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other major legitimate rights and
            interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(5) Your personal information disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6) Personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news
            reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
(7) According to the law, sharing and transferring de-identified personal information, and ensuring that the
            data recipient cannot recover and re-identify the subject of personal information, does not belong to the
            behavior of external sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information. The storage and
            processing of such data will not require further notice to you and your consent.
IV. Information storage
storage location
Personal information collected and generated during our operations in the People's Republic of China is
            stored in China and will not be transferred or transmitted abroad, except in the following cases:
(1) There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
(2) Obtain your express authorization;
(3) Your personal initiative such as cross-border transactions through the Internet.
In the above situations, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance
            with this policy.
storage period
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy
            and for the time limit required by laws and regulations. Unless otherwise expressly stated in this
            agreement, under normal circumstances, we will continue to store your personal information for you while you
            are using this software, unless you delete the information or cancel your account voluntarily. After you
            delete your personal information or cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your information in a
            timely manner.
V. How we protect your personal information
Data security technical measures: We will adopt security protection measures in line with industry standards,
            including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal
            information from being used, modified by unauthorized access, and to avoid data damage or loss. We will use
            security technologies and procedures to monitor and record network operation status and network security
            events, and take necessary technical measures such as data encryption to ensure network security to prevent
            information loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure. However, please understand that due to
            technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if we do
            our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security.
            You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to use this software may have
            problems due to factors beyond our control.
Access control: We only allow employees and partners who need to know this information to access relevant
            information, and have set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also
            require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding
            confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may result in legal liability or
            suspension of the partnership with us.
Identity verification: In order to protect your information security, if the user's personal information is
            incorrect, this product will access, correct or delete the relevant information according to the user's
            requirements after strictly verifying and verifying the applicant's identity (unless the software is for
            legal reasons. This personal information must be retained). We will take all reasonably practicable steps to
            ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information
            for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes described in this policy, unless an extension of the
            retention period is required or permitted by law. The content and information you provide, upload or publish
            when using this software may reveal your personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to
            disclose relevant personal information when using this software. At the same time, please take good care of
            your account password and help us to ensure the security of your account. Any personal information leakage
            or loss caused by you notifying others of your user password, sharing your registered account with others,
            or otherwise due to your poor personal care , stolen or tampered with, etc., you shall bear the
            corresponding legal and legal responsibilities.
Security incident handling: In order to deal with possible risks such as personal information leakage, damage
            and loss, we have established a special emergency response team. In accordance with the requirements of
            relevant security incident handling specifications, we will start security plans for different security
            incidents, and conduct stop-loss, analysis, Formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant
            departments to trace and combat the source. At the same time, we will promptly inform you in accordance with
            the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of security incidents, the
            disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks on your own,
            and remedial measures for you, etc. . At the same time, we will promptly notify you of the relevant
            information of the event by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform
            the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to publish an
            announcement. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information
            security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities. The contact information of
            the person in charge of personal information protection of this software, guest_befunz@163.com. If you have
            any questions about the protection of personal information, you can contact us through the aforementioned
            email address, and we will deal with the feedback in a timely manner within the scope stipulated by law.
VI. Your management of personal information
You have the right to access personal information in your account, and if you wish to access or edit the
            personal profile information in your account, you can do so by logging into your account. If you want to
            clear data, you can clear history, cache and other files through "Settings" - "App Management" - "Clear All
            Data" in the phone settings. However, the deletion or modification of relevant information may affect your
            use of the software or cause some functions to fail to function normally.
If you cannot access such personal information through the above methods, you can contact us at any time
            through the software customer service or the software feedback channel. We will promptly respond to your
            request.
Correct or supplement your personal information
When you find that the personal information we process about you is incorrect, you have the right to ask us
            to correct or supplement it. You can contact us at any time through the software customer service or the
            software feedback channel. Delete your personal information, withdraw your consent. In the following
            situations, you may request us to delete personal information: if our processing of personal information
            violates laws and regulations or our agreement with you; if we collect and use your personal information
            without your explicit consent; if You no longer use our products or services, or you voluntarily cancel your
            account; if we no longer provide you with products or services. You can change the scope of your
            authorization to continue to collect personal information or withdraw your authorization by clearing data,
            deleting information in your account, turning off functions in related devices or software, and setting
            privacy settings in the software; you can also cancel your account by canceling your account. You can also
            withdraw our authorization to continue to collect relevant information by stopping using this software.
            Please understand that some functions require some basic personal information to be completed. After you
            withdraw your consent or authorization, we may not be able to continue to provide you with the services
            corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your
            corresponding personal information. . However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will
            not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization. Constraining the
            automatic decision-making of information systems In some business functions, we may only make decisions
            based on non-human automatic decision-making mechanisms including information systems and algorithms. If
            these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us to
            make a release, and we will also provide solutions on the premise of not infringing on the business secrets
            of this software or other user rights and social public interests.
In response to your above request, you may be required to provide a written request, or otherwise prove your
            identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond promptly to
            your request. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also file a complaint through the
            complaint feedback channel set out in this policy. We will process your reasonable request. We may refuse
            requests that are unreasonably repeated, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate
            rights and interests of others, or are impractical.
In the following cases, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of
            laws and regulations:
(1) Related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Those related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
(4) There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or
            other individuals or organizations.
(6) Involving commercial secrets.
Account Cancellation and Procedures
Please note: Account cancellation is an unrecoverable operation. At the same time, after the account is
            cancelled, you will no longer be able to log in to the corresponding account to use the relevant services.
            Except for the relevant information, rights and other data that we should retain in accordance with relevant
            laws and regulations, all the information and data stored and used under your cancelled account It will be
            permanently deleted, please be careful to cancel the account. In addition, the cancellation of your account
            does not mean that all your account actions and related responsibilities before the account cancellation are
            exempted or derogated from.
1.1 The process of account cancellation
1. If you need to cancel your account, you must meet the following conditions:
1) The account has no abnormal login, password modification, password mobile phone or secret email
            modification and other circumstances that affect the security of the account in the last month;
2) There are no unfinished transactions, orders, services, etc. in the account;
3) The account does not involve any complaints or reports;
4) There are no unused rights and interests in the account. If you still have unused rights and interests,
            the cancellation application will be regarded as your voluntarily giving up the corresponding rights and
            interests;
5) There are no delinquent or unpaid payments;
6) All data, information, etc. to which you are entitled under our account have been moved out and properly
            backed up, or you have completely waived the right to retain and retrieve such data;
7) Account cancellation does not involve any complaints, disputes, lawsuits, investigations by competent
            authorities, etc., and there is no realistic risk of the above-mentioned lawsuits or adjustments;
8) The account does not have other obligations that should be performed according to the requirements of laws
            and regulations but has not been performed;
1.1.1 During the verification process of our review team, if it is found that your account cannot meet the
            above conditions at the same time, your account cancellation application will be rejected. If you want to
            continue to cancel, you need to re-initiate the account cancellation application after completing the
            relevant matters according to the reasons for rejection.
1.1.2 When initiating an application for account cancellation, please go to "My" - "Feedback" in us to
            provide the mobile phone number to be cancelled and the reason for cancellation. Our review team will
            complete the review within 7 working days after receiving the application. 10 It will automatically enter
            the frozen state in the future.
1.2 Consequences of account cancellation:
You know and agree that after the account cancellation process is completed, the following consequences will
            occur, including but not limited to:
1. You will not be able to rely on this account to perform any authorized operations;
2. The account you originally owned will be taken back by us, and you have no right to use the original login
            account. You will no longer be able to log in to our website with this account again, authorize us to access
            third-party network services, or use any of our services that require account login to use, etc.;
3. You will not be able to retrieve all the information, data, etc. that you have stored and used under the
            account, except for the relevant information or data that we should retain in accordance with relevant laws.
4. Other consequences that may cause damage to your rights or cause losses to you.
If you have any questions about the personal information management of this software, or you think we have
            any violation of laws and regulations or our agreement with you on the collection or use of personal
            information, you can contact us through the methods listed in this software.
VII. Information protection of minors
Minors may not create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians. If you are a
            minor, it is recommended that your parents or guardians read this policy carefully, and use our services or
            provide us with information with the consent of your parents or guardians. We attach great importance to the
            protection of minors' personal information. In the case of minors' personal information collected with
            parental or guardian consent, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose this information as permitted by
            law, expressly consented by the parent or guardian, or necessary to protect the child. If we discover that
            we have collected personal information from a child without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we
            will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
VIII Scope of application of this policy
The Privacy Policy in this Software User Agreement forms a part of this Policy. If there is any inconsistency
            between the privacy clauses in this software user agreement and this policy, the privacy clauses in the user
            agreement shall apply.
Our "Privacy Policy" is a general privacy clause that we apply uniformly, and the user rights and information
            security measures stipulated therein are applicable to users of this software. If there is any inconsistency
            or contradiction between our Terms of Use and this software privacy policy agreement, the content of this
            software shall prevail.
This policy applies only to the information you collect when you use the software, and does not apply to any
            products and services provided by third parties or the rules for the use of information by third parties,
            such as third-party products and services accepted through the software (including any information collected
            by third-party websites), this policy does not apply. We are not responsible for any third party use of the
            information provided by you.
IX. Changes to this policy and contact information
Our Privacy Policy guidelines are subject to change.
We will not limit your rights under this Policy without your express consent. We will notify you of changes
            to this policy or publish the changed privacy policy guidelines in the following ways:
(1) We will publish the changed privacy policy agreement on the "My-About-Privacy Policy" page.
(2)For major changes, we will provide more prominent notices (including that we will notify you through
            public announcements on our website and App or even provide you with pop-up prompts). The major changes
            referred to in this policy include, but are not limited to: major changes in our service model, such as the
            purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and how personal
            information is used; major changes in our control rights, etc., Such as changes in owners caused by mergers
            and acquisitions, etc.; changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public
            disclosure; major changes in your rights to participate in personal information processing and exercise
            methods; our responsible department responsible for handling personal information security, When the contact
            information and complaint channels are changed; when the personal information security impact assessment
            report indicates that there is a high risk.
            If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy Guidelines when using this software, you can contact us
            through the "My-Question Feedback" channel in this software or other contact methods published on our
            website or App, or you can send your Send your questions to this email: [YueBeiTechnology@Gmail.com] We will
            review the issues as soon as possible and give a timely reply after verifying your user identity.