No Result
View All Result
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Privacy Policy
Last updated 27 July 2021.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the EU Privacy and Communications Directive) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Who we are
This privacy policy relates to information that is obtained by the BYLINES NETWORK and for which BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED is the Data Controller.
BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED registered address is 12 Victoria Road, Barnsley, S70 2BB.
Our purpose
The BYLINES NETWORK is a community-led citizen journalism platform, published by BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED and supported by BYLINE TIMES. Our aim is to publish well-written, fact-based articles and opinion pieces on subjects that are of interest to people in our local area and beyond. In doing so, we seek to demonstrate democracy in action by giving a voice to local people and holding our elected representatives to account. This is made possible by our independence – both from government control and from the influence of corporate interests. Our stance is progressive and internationalist. Our objective is to be part of, and influence, the debate at a regional and national level.
Why we hold and process personal data
We hold and process supporters’ personal data for a number of reasons:
To send our newsletter subscribers updates on our latest news stories and activities where we have their consent or are otherwise allowed to do so.
To maintain relationships with contributors.
To support volunteers at their events.
To ensure we do not send unwanted information to supporters or members of the public who have informed us they do not wish to be contacted.
Our partners
We will never pass your personal data to any third parties except where you have given us permission to do so.
When and why we will send you personalised marketing communications
The BYLINES NETWORK will only contact you for marketing purposes, for example, to notify you of our latest news stories or activities, where we have your consent or we are otherwise allowed to do so.
We will make it easy for you to tell us if you would like to receive marketing communications from us and hear more about our work and the ways in which you would like to receive this information (post, email, SMS, and phone). We will not send you marketing material if you tell us that you do not wish to receive it.
How we keep supporters’ data
We will keep your data securely until you tell us you know longer want us to do so. You are able to unsubscribe from our communications at any time using the unsubscribe link.
When we use cookies
Cookies are a useful way for us to understand how supporters use our websites. When you visit our websites we will collect data from your computer, or other device such as a smartphone or tablet, through the use of cookies. Cookies are created by your web browser when you visit our website. Every time you go back to the BYLINES NETWORK website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website’s server. They improve your experience of using our website, for example, by remembering your preference settings so that you are presented with information likely to be most relevant to you, and by measuring your use of the website to enable us to continuously improve our website to ensure that it meets your needs. Cookies can also be used to show you relevant BYLINES NETWORK content on social media services such as Facebook – these are known as ‘retargeting’ or ‘advertising’ cookies.
If you visit our website as an anonymous visitor (e.g. you switch off cookies), BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED may still collect certain information from your browser, such as the IP address (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a computer or other internet device).
The BYLINES NETWORK website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by other organisations. These third-party websites have their own privacy policies, including policies on their use of cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third-party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
What information we might collect about you
We only collect personal data relevant to the type of interactions you have with BYLINES NETWORK.
For example, when you subscribe to our newsletter or submit an article, we may receive and retain personal information about you such as your name and email address.
Sensitive personal data
We do not generally collect sensitive personal data about our supporters, e.g. age, unless there is a clear reason for doing so – such as participation in an event where we need this to ensure that we provide appropriate facilities or support to enable you to participate in the event. Clear notices will be provided on application forms for such events so that it is clear what information we need and why we need it.
All sensitive personal data is stored on a secure database, to which only a limited number of relevant staff have access. It is deleted when no longer relevant, is never shared with third parties, and is available to you at any point should you wish to see it.
Will we share your personal information with anyone else?
We will only use your information for the purposes for which it was obtained. We will not, under any circumstances, share or sell your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes, and you will not receive marketing from any other companies, charities, or other organisations as a result of giving your details to us.
Our suppliers
We may need to share your information with service providers who help us to deliver our projects, fundraising activities and appeals, for instance through handling responses to our emergency appeals. These ‘data processors’ will only act under our instruction and are subject to pre-contract scrutiny and contractual obligations containing strict data protection clauses. We do not allow these organisations to use your data for their own purposes or disclose it to other third parties without our consent and we will take all reasonable care to ensure that they keep your data secure.
Where legally required
We will also comply with legal requests where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies for tax purposes or law enforcement agencies for the prevention and detection of crime, subject to such bodies providing us with a relevant request in writing).
Your data is only processed outside the EU where BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED has verified that appropriate standards and safeguards are in place.
How long will BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED keep your personal information?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity.
If you request that we stop sending you marketing materials we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Where you contribute material to us, e.g. user-generated content or in response to a particular campaign we will only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted unless otherwise stated at the point of generation.
How to control what we send you or request we update your personal information
The accuracy of your information is really important to us. We want to ensure that we are able to communicate with you in ways that you are happy with, and to provide you with information that is of interest.
If you wish to change how we communicate with you, or update the information we hold, then please contact us:
Email us at:
louise@bylinesnetworks.co.uk
Additionally, you can opt out of email separately:
Email – You can opt out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any marketing email from  BYLINES NETWORK.
How long will it take for these changes to be effective?
We endeavour to meet the following service levels where supporters request we do not send them marketing information:
Email – 48 hours from receipt of email.
SMS – 48 hours from receipt of SMS.
Telephone – 48 hours from receipt of request to opt out.
Mail – 28 days from receipt of ‘do not mail’ request. This period is longer than for other channels due to the production times for mailing campaigns, and in most cases we would expect the change to be effective much more quickly.
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
How we keep your data safe
We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details. For example, our online forms are always encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers, and contractors.
We use external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf. We do comprehensive checks on these companies before we work with them, and put a contract in place that sets out our expectations and requirements, especially regarding how they manage the personal data they collect on our behalf or have access to. We have a robust partner monitoring framework to ensure these contractual obligations are met.
How to make complaints about this policy or raise privacy concerns
If you would like more information, or have any questions about this policy, please contact our team by email at louise@bylinesnetwork.co.uk
To make a formal complaint about BYLINES NETWORKS LIMITED’s approach to data protection or raise privacy concerns directly with our data protection team, please email:
louise@bylinesnetworks.co.uk
You also have the right to make a complaint direct to the UK’s data protection authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO can be contacted at:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Concerns can be also be logged via the
ICO website
.
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to BYLINES NETWORK. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use the BYLINES NETWORK website to submit personal information. If material changes are made to the privacy policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website.
No Result
View All Result
About us
About us
Annual Report
Submission guidelines
Engage
Newsletter
RSS Feeds
Volunteer
Placements
Students
Universities
About the app
Download on Apple App Store
Get it on Google Play
Shop
DONATE
© 2023 Bylines Networks Ltd
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Visit our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
I Agree