True Vie CGM APP Terms of Use
PREAMBLE
These terms of use (the "
") of Trividia Health Inc. [] ("
Trividia
", "
we
", "
us
") apply to the
    registration of a user account ("
User Account
") for the use of the True vie Continuous
    Glucose Monitor System App for mobile phones ("
CGM APP
") and stipulate the terms and
    conditions for the use of the CGM APP. The use of the CGM APP and the registration of a User Account are mandatory
    to be able to use Trividia's blood glucose sensor and transmitter for measuring and monitoring blood glucose levels
    of diabetics (the "
Product
"). The Product in connection with the CGM APP assists diabetics
    in measuring, displaying and monitoring their current blood glucose levels, in identifying long-term glucose trends
    and developments based on their glucose levels, and warns diabetics if they become hyperglycemic or hypoglycemic and
    thus reach life-threatening states.
These T&Cs, applicable to the registration of a User Account and the use of the CGM APP, shall exclusively govern
    the relationship between any individual who registered a User Account for the use of the CGM APP (the "
User
") and Trividia. In the relationship between the user and Trividia, these T&Cs apply
    exclusively to the use of the CGM APP. The application of terms and conditions of the User is expressly rejected,
    even if the User expressly refers to their application.
1. SCOPE
1.1. Subject to these T&Cs Trividia offers to Users to register a User Account and use the CGM APP in connection
    with the Product to measure and monitor their current and long-term blood glucose levels. The T&Cs stipulate the
    terms and conditions for the registration of a User Account and the use of the Trividia's CGM APP. The T&Cs
    constitute the user agreement for the use of the CGM APP between the User and Trividia after the registration of a
    User Account ("
User Agreement
").
1.2. The T&Cs govern the mutual rights and obligation with respect to the provision and use of the CGM APP.
1.3. Trividia is not a healthcare professional and does not provide medical, health or other professional services
    or advice in relation to the User. We do not verify the accuracy of the health and user data as defined in our
    privacy notice for the CGM APP. The current and applicable privacy notice can be found here: [].
1.4. The use of the Product and the CGM APP does not replace proper healthcare and the regular consultation with
    healthcare professionals such as physicians. Should Users feel unwell, experience pain, or notice any other
    abnormality that may be related to their health, it is the User's sole responsibility to urgently consult a
    physician or other appropriate medical care. Trividia cannot give appropriate medical advice and recommends that
    Users consult a physician or other medical professionals. In urgent or life threatening cases, Users should dial the
    local emergency number of the country where they are currently located.
1.5. At their own responsibility, Users may also share data collected during the use of the Product and the CGM APP
    with their physicians, healthcare professionals or other healthcare service providers for the purpose of receiving
    medical treatment and advice.
1.6. The CGM APP may be downloaded from Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store. The use of Apple's App Store
    and the Google Play Store are subject to separate independent terms and conditions and Apple's and Google's privacy
    notice, which are not controlled by Trividia and cannot be influenced by us. The terms of use and privacy policy can
    be accessed at:
a) Apple:
Apple Media Service Terms and Conditions:
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/itunes/uk/terms.html
Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
b) Google:
Google Play Terms of Service:
https://play.google.com/intl/de_uk/about/play-terms/index.html
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-gb
2. DESCRIPTION OF TRIVIDIA SERVICES
2.1 Upon the successful completion of the registration of a User Account as set out in section 3, Trividia grants
    the User access to the CGM APP and the User receives a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable,
    non-permanent, limited right to access and use the CGM APP in accordance with these T&Cs and the applicable laws
    ("
Trividia Services
").
2.2 In connection with the use of the Product and the CGM APP, Trividia Services include that Users:
a) measure and monitor their current and long term blood glucose levels and trends;
b) transmit, retrieve and display certain information regarding their diabetes on their mobile device on which they
    have installed the CGM APP;
c) receive warning messages and alerts in case of hyperglycemic or hypoglycemic and thus live-threatening states;
d) may voluntarily upload and store the collected data on Trividia's cloud servers located in Germany using the
    cloud services offered by Trividia in the CGM APP;
e) may use the CGM APP in offline mode without uploading their personal data to our cloud servers after the
    successful registration of a User Account;
f) may access and transfer this data, if uploaded to the cloud servers, to any other mobile device at any time by
    logging into their respective User Account;
g) perform backups of their data which are then stored on our cloud server;
h) share their uploaded anonymized data with research and development centers in the United States of America for
    statistical and analytical research purposes and to improve data related to diabetes research.
2.3 The access and usage right granted under these T&Cs is generally limited to the CGM APP and the Trividia
    Services in their current state upon registration of a User Account.
2.4 Trividia is entitled to introduce additional features and functions ("
Upgrades
") which
    may be only available upon payment of an additional fee. Such Upgrades may be subject to additional terms and
    conditions. If any such additional terms or fees accrue, Trividia will inform the User accordingly of the applicable
    terms and fees prior to the purchase of any Upgrades.
3. REGISTRATION PROCESS AND USER ACCOUNT
3.1 Users may only register a User Account with Trividia for the use of the CGM APP, if they purchased a Product
    from Trividia's local distributors. Users are only entitled to register a User Account if they are at least 18 year
    old, or at the age at which they have the legal capacity under the national law of their habitual residence.
3.2 During the registration process for a User Account, Users must accept these T&Cs, confirm that they have taken
    note of Trividia's Privacy Notice for the CGM APP, which can be found at [].
3.3 When registering a User Account, Users must provide the following information during the registration process ("
Account Data
"):
a) their email address;
b) a user name;
c) an individual password.
The provided information must be correct and the User must be the owner of the email address.
3.4 When logging in to his User Account in the CGM APP, the User will be prompted in the future to provide his email
    address or his user name and his individual password.
3.5 Users are obliged to keep all Account Data, in particular his user name and password, secret and carefully
    secure access to the User Account. Users shall ensure that no third parties have access to the User Account. The
    User must inform Trividia immediately, if he becomes aware of the loss of login credentials, his mobile device with
    the installed CGM APP, or if there are indications that the User Account has been misused. Such notice must include
    the User's email address and user name and may be sent to [].
3.6 Trividia reserves the right to delete the provided Account Data after a reasonable time, if the registration
    process fails, remains incomplete or is cancelled.
3.7 The User Account is not transferrable to a third party, as it is bound to the User, who indicated the Account
    Data during the registration process and successfully completed the registration. In the event that the User dies,
    Trividia is permitted to give the User's inheritors access to the User Account and to provide them with the
    information required for this purpose.
3.8 In case the User Agreement is terminated by Trividia or the User according to Section 7 of these T&Cs, the right
    to use and log in to the CGM APP expires as well automatically and immediately. Trividia is then entitled to suspend
    the User Account immediately and delete the data associated with the User Account within a reasonable period of
    time, subject to retention obligations under applicable laws.
4. USE OF THE CGM APP
4.1 The User is obliged to use the CGM APP solely for the purposes defined in these T&Cs and in accordance with
    these T&Cs. In particular, any kind of use is prohibited that may lead to a damage to the CGM APP, Trividia's IT
    infrastructure (including its cloud servers), its distributors, third parties, other Users of the CGM APP, violates
    statutory legal provisions or infringes any third party rights (e.g. intellectual property rights, data privacy
    rights). Users are not permitted to use the CGM APP in a manner that is suitable to harm Trividia, its distributors,
    other Users, third parties or to take advantage of or threaten the operation of the CGM APP or Trividia's IT
    infrastructure (including its cloud servers).
4.2 Trividia owns and retains all rights, in particular intellectual property rights, title and interest in and to
    the CGM APP and all respective usage rights to the CGM APP. The User is entitled during the term of the User
    Agreement on a non-exclusive, non-permanent and non-transferable basis to use the CGM APP and its features in
    accordance with these T&Cs as well as the potentially applicable additional terms and conditions for Upgrades. The
    User shall be not entitled to
a) use the CGM APP for commercial purposes or to benefit any third party;
b) use or attempt to use any unauthorized means to modify, reroute, or gain access to Trividia
    Services;
c) enable unauthorized third party applications, hardware or software to access, interfere with, or
    modify the CGM APP or the Product;
d) sublicense any of the User's rights under these T&Cs to a third party;
e) modify, copy, dissemble, decompile, translate, decode, edit, distribute, or make the CGM APP publicly
    available or create derivative works of it, unless permitted by law;
f) reverse engineer or derive the source code of the CGM APP, unless permitted by law;
g) use any automated means, processes or services to access or use Trividia Services, or to copy or
    scrape any data from the Trividia Services and the CGM APP.
4.3 The User is solely responsible to ensure that its mobile device meets the technical requirements for the use of
    the CGM APP. Users also have to ensure that they are using the latest version of the CGM APP. If the User does not
    update his CGM APP to the latest version provided by Trividia, Trividia cannot guarantee that the use of the CGM APP
    takes place with the current security standards.
5. SUPPLY OF THE CGM APP
5.1 Upon purchase of the Product, the Customer acquires, subject to the required minimum age of 18 years pursuant to
    Section 3.1. and the prerequisite of the registration of a User Account pursuant to Section 3, the right to download
    CGM APP from the providers mentioned in Section 5.2 and to install it on his mobile device.
5.2 Trividia supplies the CGM APP as a digital download on its website, which can be found at
    https://www.ican-cgm.com, and through Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store. To the extent that the supply of
    the CGM APP is carried out by the providers of the aforementioned app stores, any potential delay in the supply of
    the CGM APP (including updates) by the providers of the app store is not the responsibility of Trividia and does not
    constitute any claims of the User against Trividia.
5.3 The use and supply of the CGM APP is free of charge and the User may download the CGM APP at any time from
    Trividia's website or the app stores mentioned above. If in the future the CGM APP should provide chargeable
    content, Trividia will inform the User in due time about the chargeability.
5.4 Trividia supplies the CGM APP in its latest version and with the features and functions as set forth in Section
    2. The features, functions and attributes of the Trividia Services and the CGM APP described in Section 2 constitute
    the subjective and objective conformity requirements agreed upon between Trividia and the User.
5.5 Trividia provides installation and instruction manuals for the CGM APP along with the instruction manual for the
    Product. Both manuals can also be found here:
https://www.ican-cgm.com
6. WARRANTY AND LIABILITY
6.1 Trividia warrants that the CGM APP conforms to the subjective and objective conformity requirements at the time
    of its supply and that its use by the User to the contractually agreed extent in the country of first download of
    the app does not conflict with any third party rights.
6.2 Insofar as the CGM APP does not meet the subjective or objective requirements for conformity as stipulated in
    these T&Cs, the user shall be entitled to the statutory warranty claims such as subsequent performance, revocation
    of the contract, reduction of the purchase price or damages, provided that the prerequisites of these provisions are
    met.
6.3 In accordance with Section 6.4, Trividia will provide updates to the CGM APP, which maintain the contractual
    condition of the CGM APP, including (critical) security updates ("
Updates
").
6.4 Trividia provides Updates for the CGM APP as of the initial supply of the app to an individual User for a
    minimum period of two (2) years and as long as Trividia supplies the CGM APP to an individual User. The maximum
    eligibility of an individual User to receive Updates ends with the termination of the User Agreement pursuant to
    Section 7 of these T&Cs.
6.5 Trividia informs the User on available Updates by a corresponding notice in the CGM APP or on the website. In
    addition, providers of the app stores may inform the User on available Updates. Trividia shall not be liable for any
    defect due to a failure by the User to update the CGM APP of which Trividia has informed the User, unless the
    failure to update is caused by defective installation instructions provided to the User.
6.6 The liability under statutory law (regardless of the legal basis) of Trividia and its legal representatives and
    vicarious agents is limited to damages (a) resulting from intent and gross negligence of Trividia, its legal
    representatives or vicarious agents, (b) to life, body or health or (c) resulting from the culpable breach of
    material contractual obligations, i.e. obligations the fulfillment of which is a prerequisite for the due
    performance of the contract or the breach of which jeopardizes the realization of the purpose of the contract and
    compliance with which the other party may regularly rely on (so called “cardinal obligations” =
    “Kardinalspflichten”). In the latter case the liability shall be limited in case of slight negligence to the damage
    which was typically foreseeable at the time of contract conclusion.
6.7 The liability for the loss of data is limited to the effort for retrieval that would have occurred in case of
    regular and proper back-ups. The User is solely responsible for conducting the back-ups of the data that they
    entered or uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers through the use of the respective feature in the CGM APP. The User
    is also solely responsible for saving any information required for evidence, accounting or other purposes on a
    storage device independent of Trividia's services.
7. TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION
7.1 These T&Cs become binding upon successful registration of a User Account and acceptance of these T&Cs by the
    User during the registration process. The User Agreement for the Trividia Services is concluded for an indefinite
    term.
7.2 The User may terminate the User Agreement at any time either by sending a termination notice in text form via
    email to
cgmmk@Trividiameditech.com
or by closing the User Account
    in the CGM APP and deletion of the CGM APP. In the event the User terminates the User Agreement by sending a
    termination notice via email, Trividia will suspend the account and delete all data associated with the User's User
    Account after a reasonable period of time and in accordance with Trividia's data retention policies.
7.3 Trividia may terminate the User Agreement at any time with a notice period of 30 days to the end of the month in
    text form without specifying any reasons.
7.4 If Trividia has concrete indications of violations of the User against legal provisions or against obligations
    under these T&Cs, Trividia may suspend the respective User Account until it is ensured that no further violations
    are committed.
7.5 In the event that the User repeatedly violates legal provisions or obligations arising from these T&Cs, Trividia
    may permanently suspend the respective User Account. Violations of obligations under these T&Cs permitting permanent
    suspension include, in particular, the User's obligations not to:
a) transfer the User Account to a third party or grant a third party access to the User Account;
b) provide false information during the registration process;
c) use an email address that is not owned by the User;
d) use the CGM APP in a manner that may cause damage to the CGM APP, Trividia's IT infrastructure
    (including its cloud servers); or
e) violate these T&Cs, statutory legal provisions or any third party rights.
7.6 If Trividia suspends a User, Trividia will take into account the legitimate interests of the User, in particular
    whether the User is responsible for the violation. Trividia will inform the User of the reasons for temporary or
    permanent suspension at the latest when the suspension becomes effective.
7.7 Trividia and the User have the right to terminate the User Agreement at any time without notice for good cause.
    Good cause includes, in particular, if the User repeatedly violates these T&Cs.
7.8 Trividia may also terminate the User Agreement, if the User decides to reject material changes
    pursuant to Section 9.1.
7.9 If Trividia has permanently suspended a User or terminated the User Agreement in accordance with these T&Cs, the
    User has no right to have his suspended User Account reinstated. The User is also not allowed to register a new User
    Account after a permanent suspension or a termination by Trividia.
8. PRIVACY
8.1 Trividia's current and applicable Privacy Notice for the CGM APP can be found here:
https://www.ican-cgm.com
9. MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 Trividia may, at its sole discretion, extend, reduce, change or completely cease to provide Trividia Services to
    the Users, and amend these T&Cs. As far as changes are exclusively connected with advantages for the User, Trividia
    will inform the User 30 days before the changes apply. In case of material changes to the Trividia Services or to
    these T&Cs that could be disadvantageous for the User (e.g. introduction of a fee for previously free services,
    modifications of termination rights to the detriment of Users), Trividia will inform the User upon a 30 days' notice
    period. Changes become binding for the User and Trividia if the User does not reject in writing (email is
    sufficient) within this deadline and continues to use the CGM APP and the Trividia Services after the expiration of
    the deadline. Trividia informs the End User about this effect along with the change notice.
9.2 These T&Cs shall exclusively be governed by and construed under the laws of [] excluding its provision on the
    conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG). In the
    event that your residence or abode is in a member state of the European Union and if you are a consumer, this
    stipulation is not in conflict with mandatory rules of the country in which your residence or abode is situated.
    Such rules shall remain unaffected.
9.3 Should any provision of these T&Cs be or become invalid in whole or in parts or should a loophole requiring
    closing show up, the validity of the other provisions shall not be affected. Rather, the Parties shall be obliged to
    replace the invalid or unenforceable provisions with another valid provision as close to the economic effect as
    possible.
Version of these T&Cs
The T&Cs are dated May, 5, 2023.
DATA PROTECTION IMPACT ASSESSMENT ("DPIA")
A. Information on the DPIA
I. Functions and persons involved
Name
Function
Role in the DPIA process
Jiangfeng Fei
CEO, Trividia Health
Accountable
Lee Scott Taylor
Head of European Access
Responsible (final approval)
Echo Yu
Regulatory Affaire Director
Responsible (author)
Zhigang Zhong
IT Security Officer
Consulted
Robin Chen
Data Protection Officer
Consulted
Contact details of the Data Protection Officer:
Robin Chen
xiaobing.chen@Trividia.com
Tel: 0731-89935578
II. Status of the DPIA, version history
The DPIA is conducted due to the processing on a large scale of special categories of data in the meaning of Art. 9
    (1) GDPR, i.e. health data or personal health information (Art. 35 (3) lit. b) GDPR). The processing has not yet
    been commenced. The controller wants to assess what legal bases are available for the processing, the necessity and
    proportionality of the processing and what appropriate safeguards are required for the intended processing
    activities.
III. Annexes and references
[Currently there are no annexes or references. It may be useful to refer to, e.g., certain customer agreements or
    other privacy/compliance documentation.]
IV. Date for the next review
[Complete when draft is final, max. 1 year from approval]
B. Context
I. Overview
1. Description of the processing activity
Trividia Health Inc. ("
Trividia
") is the controller of different categories of
    personal data, including personal health information, which is provided by private individuals using Trividia's CGM
    APP, the blood glucose sensor and its transmitter. Trividia operates and offers the CGM APP to private individuals,
    who purchased a blood glucose sensor and a transmitter from one of Trividia's distributors. In order to be able to
    use Trividia's CGM APP, customers must register a user account in the CGM APP and provide personal information such
    as their email address, a user name and an individual password ("
User Account Data
").
    Besides User Account Data and certain technical device data, which are necessary for using the CGM APP, Trividia
    processes in particular personal health information when it comes to the use of the blood glucose sensor, the
    transmitter and the CGM APP. During registration, customers may voluntarily indicate their diabetes type, gender and
    age, while the blood glucose sensor and the transmitter will continuously process and transmit glucose levels to the
    CGM APP via Bluetooth in order to enable customers to view current glucose levels, and to provide them with
    long-term glucose trends and developments based on their glucose levels ("
Health Data
") as
    well as to send warning messages and alerts in case of life-threatening glucose levels. Except for personal data
    such as names and email addresses required for the registration of a user account with the CGM APP, all personal
    data is generally stored on the user's device by default. Any data that is stored locally is not accessible for
    Trividia and its employees. CGM APP users also have the voluntary option to use a cloud service and upload their
    personal data, including their Health Data, to Trividia's cloud servers. If the data is uploaded to the cloud
    server, Trividia intends to share Health Data in an anonymized format with research and development centers,
    external researchers, healthcare companies and professionals, and health authorities in the United States of
    America.
As Trividia processes special categories of personal data referred to in Art. 9 (1) GDPR, i.e. Health
    Data, and because the processing of data concerning health is generally associated with a high risk to the rights
    and freedoms of natural persons, the following DPIA will be limited to this specific category of personal data.
2. What are the purposes of the processing of Health Data?
Trividia processes Health Data and corresponding information for multiple purposes.
a) Monitoring and retrospective analysis of glucose levels, improvement of the understanding and
    control of customers' diabetes and protection of life
The main purpose of the processing of Health Data is the provision of current glucose levels and enabling
    customers to view a retrospective analysis of their glucose levels, which shall be associated with an improvement of
    the understanding and control of their diabetes. In addition to the improvement of the understanding of customers'
    diabetes, Health Data is processed to protect the life of Trividia's customers in case of life-threatening glucose
    levels.
b) Research purposes and improvement of the CGM APP
Trividia additionally intends to process and share Health Data that is voluntarily uploaded to Trividia's cloud
    servers using the cloud service in an anonymized form with research and development centers in the United States of
    America for statistical and analytical research purposes and to improve data related to diabetes research.
    Processing for research purposes includes, but is not limited to, creating, accessing, storing, using, analyzing,
    and sharing the data with affiliates, external researchers, healthcare companies and professionals, and health
    authorities. Anonymized data will also be used to evaluate and improve the performance of the CGM APP and to update
    and improve existing features, develop new features to meet the individual needs of our users, and to improve
    statistical and scientific research capabilities.
3. What is the legal basis for the processing of Health Data?
a) Consent as general basis for processing
The legal basis for Trividia's processing activities in relation to the processing of customers' Health
    Data is their prior express consent pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. a) GDPR. Trividia is aware that valid consent
    requires a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or
    she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of its personal data.
    Trividia also understands that the processing of special categories of personal data in the sense of Art. 9 (1) GDPR
    requires explicit consent. Therefore, Trividia will only process customers' Health Data when the customer has
    expressly consented to the processing of his or her personal information for the purposes provided for in Trividia's
    procedures for obtaining informed consent. Conscious of the relevant consent requirements under the GDPR, Trividia
    obtains consent prior to the processing for each and every purpose for which the processing of customer's Health
    Data is intended.
b) Basis for storing Health Data on the device
Already for storing Health Data on the user device (in the default function) Trividia requires users to consent to
    this storage. The user is notified that without this consent, the CGM APP will not be usable with all functions. The
    consent will be requested in the course of the account registration process and requires an active action of the
    user. In this process, the user is also provided with key information regarding the processing and meaning of
    his/her consent.
c) Basis for uploading Health Data to cloud server
On optional basis, the user can upload his/her Health Data to cloud servers operated by third party service
    providers of Trividia. This step requires (theoretical) access to the uploaded data by Trividia and the engaged
    service provider. Uploading the data requires a separate consent in the same form as described above in paragraph
    b).
d) Basis for data sharing with third parties (e.g. research and development centers)
In certain specified cases and when Health Data is uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers, Trividia intends to share
    anonymized Health Data with independent third parties. Recipients of Health Data include to the extent necessary
    Trividia's technical and customer support service providers, Trividia Group companies (i.e. affiliate companies),
    research and development centers in the United States of America, external researchers, healthcare companies and
    professionals, and health authorities. In any case, the legal basis for the processing and sharing is the express
    consent of the data subject pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. a) GDPR. Consent for sharing personal data also includes
    consent to the act of anonymizing itself. Data sharing requires a separate consent in the same form as described
    above in paragraph b).
e) Basis for international data transfers
To the extent Health Data is processed in countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Trividia takes
    appropriate measures to provided guarantees that the recipients comply with the main principles of the GDPR. Unless
    there are other appropriate safeguards or transfer mechanisms (such as adequacy decisions of the EU Commission) in
    place, Trividia uses the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c)
    GDPR when drafting the contracts concluded with its service providers and business partners and, in addition,
    obtains the data subject's express consent pursuant to Art. 49 (1) lit. a) GDPR for the third country transfer. The
    consent according to above paragraphs c) and d) include an expressive consent for transfer to third parties outside
    the EEA. This consent is accompanied by information regarding the potential risks for personal data being
    transferred to countries outside the EEA.
4. Which functions of the company are competent for the processing?
The Health Data, uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers, is processed by a limited number of personnel. Solely
    authorized employees of Trividia will have access to the serves and the data stored thereon. Authorized employees
    include technical staff who is responsible for the maintenance of the servers. In addition, Trividia's customer
    support team may have access to Health Data, when users of the CGM APP contact the customer support and provide
    information on their Health Data or request support for the CGM APP that potentially requires access to the Health
    Data. These employees and all other employees receive special trainings and information on their, and Trividia's
    privacy, confidentiality and data security information and have to participate in regular privacy and data security
    trainings. In specific cases it may also be required for personnel of hosting service providers to access the Health
    Data stored on their servers for maintenance and trouble-shooting purposes. In the event of customer support
    requests, it may also be necessary for customer support purposes that Health Data is disclosed to Trividia's
    external customer support service provides such as call centers. The service providers are bound by data processing
    agreements meeting the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR and obliged to ensure that their personnel having access to the
    Health Data are trained respectively as well.
5. Have the data subjects been consulted on the processing?
Prior to the start of processing, data subjects have been consulted and informed about Trividia's processing
    activities by receiving the relevant privacy notice. In addition, health data is generally stored locally on the
    data subject's mobile device by default to reduce the risk to individuals' freedoms and rights with respect to their
    personal data. Before the data is uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers, the data subject must give consent to the
    upload and, in this regard, will be informed of the relevant processing activities that will be carried out when and
    after the data is uploaded, so that data subjects can make a free and informed decision regarding their personal
    data prior to the processing.
II. Data, processes and assistance
1. Which categories of personal data are processed?
Data concerning health in the meaning of Art. 9 (1) GDPR, namely health data including blood glucose
    levels.
2. Which categories of persons are concerned by the processing?
Private individuals who suffer from diabetes having purchased or ordered the Trividia blood glucose
    sensor and transmitter from Trividia distributors, and have registered with the CGM APP.
3. Who are the recipients to whom the data are disclosed, including recipients in third countries
    outside the EEA or international organizations?
a) Are any data processors involved who get access? If so, are their obligations clearly defined in
    a contract?
When it comes to data processors, Trividia engages and cooperates with certain service providers in order
    to provide the CGM APP and the cloud services. These data processors have been carefully selected beforehand, are
    contractually obligated in the scope of Art. 28 (3) GDPR and have been verified for reliability in accordance with
    Art. 28 (1) GDPR. Data processors engaged by Trividia are basically technical service and host providers. The
    following data processors are involved and carry out processing on behalf of Trividia:
Trividia Health Inc, in the USA (support services)
[call center]
Oracle Cloud ("
ORACLE
") in the EU with physical server location in Germany and
      United Kingdom (as hosting provider)
b) Are there any third parties to whom the data are disclosed? If so, are they joint controllers
    with Trividia or separate controllers?
With the consent of the data subjects Trividia intends to share Health Data in an anonymized form to the extent
    necessary with research and development centers in the United States of America, external researchers, healthcare
    companies and professionals, and health authorities. These recipients are separate controllers, as Trividia will not
    be further involved in the processing and in determining the purposes and means of the processing, or processors
    which have been selected as described in sec.B.II.3.a).
c) Are there any recipients in third countries outside the EEA? If so, what measures are taken to
    ensure a legitimate transfer?
The above recipients of personal data are established outside the EEA or are controlled by a parent company located
    in a third country. When it comes to data sharing with recipients set out in sec. B.II. 3. b), Trividia ensures that
    all data is anonymized prior to the disclosure. In addition, Trividia takes appropriate measures to provide
    guarantees that the recipients comply with the principles of GDPR. Unless there are other appropriate safeguards or
    transfer mechanisms (such as adequacy decisions of the EU Commission) in place, Trividia uses the standard
    contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c) GDPR when drafting the contracts
    concluded with service providers and obtains prior consent for the data transfer from our customers. Before Trividia
    asks customers to consent to the processing and transfer of their personal data, the necessary information according
    to Art. 12, 13 GDPR is provided including information on the risks associated with data transfers to third countries
    that do not have the same level of data protection as the European Union so that they can make an informed decision.
d) What is the life cycle of the data and processes?
Only authorized employees access personal data and Trividia performs daily incremental backups and monthly full
    backups of data stored on the cloud server for data loss prevention purposes. The data is deleted or anonymized as
    soon as it is no longer necessary for the purposes it has been collected and processed. The data is basically stored
    for the duration of the contractual relationship regarding the CGM APP. Health Data that is uploaded to Trividia's
    cloud servers will be retained for twelve months from the last use of the customer's user account and deleted or
    aggregated thereafter. If data subjects withdraw their consent or exercise their right to be forgotten under Art. 17
    GDPR, Trividia will delete respective data. Any data that is stored on the mobile device used by the customer in
    conjunction with the use of the CGM APP will be stored locally until the customer decides to delete the CGM APP.
Data that is processed in connection with Trividia's customer service will be stored where this is necessary to
    ensure product safety and to comply with applicable regulatory provisions. The retention period of this information
    may vary between two and ten years after the last sale of the products by distributors.
Trividia also retains data in accordance with retention periods under tax and commercial law, insofar as
    applicable. This does not include Health Data.
In any case, where it is necessary and required by law, Trividia will restrict access to the data and anonymize it
    to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations in order to ensure security of the data and reduce the
    risks to the freedoms and rights of the data subjects.
e) By which technical means are the data being processed and protected?
The data collected by the blood glucose sensor is transmitted via the transmitter to the customer's mobile device on
    which the CGM APP is installed. This transmission adopts the Bluetooth Standard Protocol for encryption. Data that
    remains stored exclusively locally on the customers' mobile device is not accessible for Trividia or its employees
    by remote technical means and encrypted using CBC (Cipher Block Chaining Mode) encryption. Should customers decide
    to use the cloud service, the data transmission is encrypted by HTTPS encryption. For data encryption on AWS cloud
    servers the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is utilized.
To the extent necessary and requested by the customer, Trividia's customer services teams may have access to the
    customers' data stored on the cloud server. Regardless of the location of the customer service personnel accessing
    the personal information, the access is carried out via a secured network connection.
In terms of data loss prevention and to provide customers with data backups in case of accidental data loss or loss
    of their mobile device, Trividia performs daily incremental backups and monthly full backups of the data stored on
    our cloud servers. For data stored merely locally on customer mobile devices we do not perform data backups.
f) What other measures, guarantees or means are implemented to address the risks and to ensure the
    protection of personal data?
Additional data protection technologies include management of encryption keys, redaction of application layer data,
    and masking of sensitive production data for use in nonproduction environments for testing and development purposes.
C. Basic principles
I. Necessity and proportionality
1. Why is the processing absolutely necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose of the
    processing?
a) Monitoring and retrospective analysis of glucose levels, improvement of the understanding and
    control of customers' diabetes and protection of life
Trividia offers a blood glucose sensor, which allows users to view their current blood glucose levels, monitor their
    diabetes, and improve their understanding of their diabetes through retrospective analysis capabilities in an
    intelligible mobile app. Without the collection, transmission and processing of blood glucose levels stored at least
    locally on the device, the CGM APP and consequently the blood glucose sensor itself would not be usable and would
    not serve the purpose for which they were invented and developed. As a consequence, customers would not be able to
    monitor their current glucose levels and their diabetes. Assumed the data would not be stored locally on the mobile
    device, a retrospective analysis of the customer's glucose levels could not be conducted. Without being able to
    conduct a retrospective analysis, the customers would not be able to improve their understanding of their diabetes,
    and may not be able to improve the quality of their life. In addition, without monitoring current blood glucose
    levels, diabetics could easier fall into hyper- or hypoglycemic blood glucose levels, which can be life-threatening.
    The processing of the corresponding data therefore helps diabetics to recognize life-threatening blood glucose
    ranges and corresponding tendencies at an early stage, to take timely corrective measures and thus to protect their
    lives.
As a risk mitigation measure, Trividia decided to allow the storage of the data locally on the mobile device by
    default, so that users can decide themselves whether they want to upload their data to the cloud servers. Except for
    the users themselves, nobody is able to access the data stored locally on the mobile device. Therefore, it is in the
    sole discretion of the users whether they are willing to increase the risk to their freedom and rights.
Processing, collecting and storing the data merely locally on the mobile device and leaving the decision to upload
    it to Trividia's cloud servers is the least intrusive and processing activity with least risk that can be performed
    to achieve the purposes of the processing and to provide customers with a technology based product. The data is
    obtained through the users themselves and on a voluntary basis, as they are free to purchase other, non-technology
    based products that do not provide for the tech-based features and advantages and therefore process less data.
b) Research purposes and improvement of the CGM APP
Trividia also intends to process the data for research purposes as described in sec. B.I.2.b) by sharing the data
    with recipients named in that section and in sec. B.II.3. Trividia will share the data with third parties only when
    the data is uploaded to the cloud servers, when the customers gave their consent and in an anonymized form. The
    disclosure of data to the specified recipients is necessary so that they can conduct statistical and analytical
    research on diabetes and possibly develop new medications, or at least improve medical knowledge and thus medical
    advice for people with diabetes.
Data masking (also known as data scrambling and data anonymization) is the process of replacing sensitive
    information copied from production databases to test non-production databases with realistic, but scrubbed, data
    based on masking rules. Trividia utilized Oracle Data Masking and Subsetting Pack license to use data masking
    features. For details, please refer to Data Masking and Subsetting Guide.
Since the data will be shared exclusively in an anonymized format that does not allow the identification of data
    subjects, and only when the CGM APP user gives his or her explicit consent, the processing is the least intrusive,
    and is also based on the explicit expressed wishes of the users. The same applies for the processing for the
    improvement of the CGM APP. The data is solely used for this purpose when it is uploaded to the cloud server with
    the users consent and in an anonymized format.
Less intrusive and risky means than using anonymized data and following a consent based approach are not available,
    so that the selected means of processing are the most privacy friendly and proportionate available to achieve these
    purposes.
2. How does Trividia ensure that the data is correct?
The data is collected directly from the data subjects through a sensor which is self-applied to their
    skin. Trividia has no influence on the stored data.
In operation, the CGM System uses an integrated transmitter to convert electric signals to digital signals
    (following a process of signal amplification and filtering) and relay the data to the user's Bluetooth 4.0 (and
    later) smartphone using the Bluetooth LE connectivity provided by the Nordic SoC. The processor with floating point
    unit (FPU) provides ample computational power to run the complex sensor algorithms that ensure correct conversion
    the sensor data from the transmitter into the blood glucose value displayed on the companion APP.
3. What is the storage duration of the data?
See B.II.3.d).
II. Compliance with data subject rights
1. How are the data subjects informed about the processing?
Data subjects are informed about the processing through the provision of Trividia's privacy notice which contain the
    relevant information according to Art. 13 GDPR. The privacy notice is provided when registering an account in the
    CGM APP. Users must confirm acknowledgment of the privacy notice during the registration process.
2. How can data subjects exercise their right of access?
Data subjects using the CGM APP may contact the data protection officer and request access to their personal
    information. Data stored on the device of the data subject can be viewed at any time on the device.
3. How can data subjects exercise their right of erasure (deletion) / restriction of processing?
For data that is stored on the cloud server, the data subject can exercise his or her right of erasure by contacting
    the data protection officer and request deletion of the data. In addition, any data stored on the cloud server will
    be deleted or aggregated after a period of twelve months from the last use of the respective user account.
With respect to the data stored locally on the customer's mobile device, the data subject can easily delete the data
    at any time by removing the CGM APP from his or her mobile device.
4. How can data subjects exercise their right to rectification?
If data subjects believe that data processed by the company and stored on the cloud server is incorrect, they can
    contact the company‘s data protection officer. User Account Data can be rectified by the user at any time in the CGM
    APP.
5. How can data subjects exercise their right to object?
There will be no use case to exercise the right to object pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR, because the relevant data is not
    processed on the basis of Trividia's legitimate interest, not for the purpose of direct marketing and not for
    scientific, historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 (1) GDPR.
6. How can data subjects exercise their right to data portability?
The users have a right to request the transfer of their personal information in certain circumstances. This includes
    data Trividia process in an automated way in the APP based on user's consent.
D. Risks
The assessment of the risks broadly follows the method described in the DSK short paper no. 18 "Risk
    Assessment".[
(DSK_Kurzpapier Nr.
    18_Risiko_für die Rechte und Freiheiten natürlicher Personen
    (datenschutzkonferenz-online.de), p. 4-5.
] To describe the risks, we are using the matrix recommended by the
    Bavarian supervisory authority for the private sector in its example DPIA[
"Durchführung einer
    Datenschutz-Folgeabschätzung nach Art. 35 DSGVO in Anlehnung an die ISO/IEC 29134", p. 18.
].
I. Risk levels and graphic representation
Severity of
Damage
Very large
Substantial
Limited
Minimal
Minimal
Limited
Substantial
Maximum
Probability
Severity of Damage
Minimal
Minor disturbances
Limited
Disturbances
Substantial
Material negative consequences
Very large
Very serious and/or irreversible consequences
Probability
Minimal
Almost impossible / unimaginable
Limited
Requires a lot of effort (e.g., to overcome security measures)
Substantial
It is possible to overcome security measures with little effort
Very large
It is easy to cause the damage
Risk levels according to GDPR
Green
Low risk
Yellow/orange
Medium risk
Red
High risk
II. Risk assessment
Identification of the risk
Assessment
Source of the risk
Description of the risk
Possible damage
Probability
Severity of the possible damage
Result
1
Employees
Unauthorized disclosure of the data by authorized to access and use it
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
2
Employees
Unauthorized accessing and/or disclosure of the data by employees not authorized to access it
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
3
External; IT Security risks
Third parties obtain unauthorized access to the data, possibly disclose it further
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights
Limited
Substantial
Medium Risk
4
Loss of the mobile device on which the Trividia APP is installed
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data, stored on the mobile device by third parties who
          find the device
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          identity theft, discrimination
Limited
Substantial
Medium Risk
5
Transmission of the data from the transmitter to the user's mobile device
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data, during transmission to the user's mobile device
          and unauthorized interception of such data
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          discrimination
Limited
Limited
Low Risk
6
Use of cloud services provided by an U.S. cloud service provider
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data, and transfer of the data to a country that is
          not yet confirmed by the EU Commission to ensure an adequate level of data protection and the rights of data
          subjects
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          identity theft or fraud, unlawful and intransparent processing
Limited
Substantial
Medium Risk
7
Transfer of data to research and development centers, external researchers, healthcare companies and
          professionals, and health authorities
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data and unlawful disclosure
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          identity theft or fraud, unlawful and intransparent processing, refusal of data subject rights, processing of
          unanticipated data
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
8
Loss or deletion of data stored in the cloud or the mobile device
Unintentional loss of data through cyber-attacks or data incidents, employee errors, or defects of the cloud
          server or the mobile device
Violation of the data subjects personality, privacy and contractual rights, loss of control over their
          personal data
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
III. Additional measures to lower the risk (controls)
1. Risk of unauthorized processing of the data, i.e. of unauthorized access and disclosure of the
    data, by authorized or unauthorized employees or third parties
Both, authorized and unauthorized personnel will receive special trainings on privacy laws and will be made aware of
    data protection laws, basic requirements, consequences of data protection violations and their impact on the
    controller as well as the data subjects and their data protection rights.
Trividia or its employees cannot access data stored locally on the mobile device of the customer. Should the
    customer decide for Trividia's cloud service and upload his or her personal data to Trividia's cloud servers, solely
    authorized employees will have access to the servers and personal data stored thereon and only on a “need-to-know”
    basis. Such personal will receive the aforementioned training on privacy laws. Access by any other personnel is
    prevented by logical access restriction and specifying an access control list ("
ACL
")
    blocks all IP addresses that are not in the ACL list from accessing the database.
In addition, Trividia retains data associated with user's CGM APP account and stored on a cloud server for a period
    of 12 months following the last use of the account. Customer support requests will be retained, where this is
    necessary, to ensure product safety and to comply with applicable regulatory provisions.
As soon as the data is no longer necessary for the purposes collected and processed or if the customer exercise
    their right to be forgotten, withdraw their consent, Trividia deletes or anonymizes such personal data.
2. Risk of unauthorized access to the data stored locally on the customer's mobile device in the
    event of a loss of the device
Data stored locally on the users mobile device is encrypted using CBC (Cipher Block Chaining Mode) encryption. Using
    CBC encryption has the advantage that plaintext patterns will be destroyed, identical plaintext patterns and blocks
    have different cipher texts, different cyber attacks such as time memory tradeoff and plaintext attacks become more
    difficult and reordering of the cipher text blocks result in erroneous plaintext blocks. The CGM APP is additionally
    protected against unauthorized access by security measures such as password prompt each time the App is launched and
    automatically sign out when the user closes the App.
These means protect data that is stored locally in an adequate and state of the art manner.
3. Risk of unauthorized access to and interception of the personal data during transmission from
    the transmitter to the mobile device and during the upload to the cloud server
The transmission from the glucose level transmitter to the CGM APP adopts the Bluetooth Standard Protocol for
    encryption. Establishing a connection basically requires authentication, authorization and a so called “pairing”
    between the devices. In order to establish the connection and pair the devices, the CGM APP user needs to enter a
    specific pin code, which can be set individually by the user.
The Bluetooth Standard Protocol in conjunction with the authentication, authorization and "pairing" requirements is
    technically sufficient and state of the art to protect the transmitted data and prevent unauthorized access.
4. Risks arising from the third country transfer when using the cloud service
When customers voluntarily decide to opt for Trividia's cloud service and upload their data to Trividia's cloud
    servers provided by AWS, the data transfer from the mobile device to the cloud server is encrypted using HTTPS
    encryption. HTTPS encryption is the standard communication protocol in the internet and represents a transport
    encryption, which shall ensure a tap-proof transfer of data in the internet between the client (sender) and the
    server (recipient).
When the data is stored on the cloud server, it is encrypted by Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), a highly secure
    encryption method adopted by the U.S. Government to protect non-classified data and classified information up to Top
    Secret level, given that a key with a length of 192 or 256 bits is used. At present, there exists no known practical
    attack that would allow unauthorized persons to decrypt and read data encrypted by AES without the knowledge of the
    key, so that the risks associated with the upload of the data is reduced to a minimum. The encryption ensures that
    third parties cannot access and read the data without the knowledge of the encryption key.
When it comes to third country transfers in the meaning of Art. 44 et. seq. GDPR, Trividia takes appropriate
    measures to provide guarantees that the recipients comply with the principles of GDPR and inform data subjects in
    the privacy notice about the risks associated with third country transfers where no adequacy decision of the
    European Commission exists, so that data subjects can make an informed decision regarding the processing of their
    data. As a risk mitigation measure, third country transfers may only occur if data subjects actively decide to
    upload their data to Trividia's cloud server, i.e. Trividia's customer must actively opt in for the upload of their
    data and give their express consent for the upload. This upload function is disabled in the default setting of the
    CGM APP. When no other appropriate safeguards or transfer tools for the third country transfer are in place,
    Trividia uses the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c) GDPR
    when drafting contracts concluded with its service providers, so that these business partners are contractually
    obliged to adhere to the principles of the GDPR. Therefore, the risk associated with third country transfers and
    using Trividia's cloud service is low and Trividia implemented countermeasures to ensure the security and integrity
    of users' Health Data.
5. Risk of unauthorized access to personal data in the case of provision of customer data to
    research and development centers, external researchers, healthcare companies and professionals, and health
    authorities for research purposes
Data of data subjects will only be provided to these recipients if the customer has chosen to upload his or her data
    to the cloud server and consented to the sharing of the uploaded data with the aforementioned recipients. To avoid
    an unauthorized access to or an unlawful disclosure of the personal data, Trividia solely shares anonymized data
    with these recipients. By anonymizing the shared data as described under C.I.1.b), Trividia ensures that its
    customers remain unidentifiable and that the data cannot be de-anonymized by the recipients.
6. Risk of data loss due to data incidents, employee errors or cloud server defects
Storing data on electronic devices or on cloud servers always bears the risk that data is lost due to data
    incidents, loss of the device itself, employee errors or defects of the cloud server. In order to prevent the loss
    of user data, Trividia has set up various processes to secure and backup user data. For data stored exclusively on
    the customer's mobile device, Trividia has integrated an upload option into the CGM APP that allows CGM APP users to
    upload the data to Trividia's cloud servers by using the cloud service. If the users lose their mobile device or if
    it breaks, the data can be easily retrieved from the cloud server and transferred to a new device by using the
    appropriate user account and logging in. The relevant data is then available again in the CGM APP.
Data stored on the cloud server, is secured against data loss through daily incremental backups and monthly full
    backups, which allow Trividia to provide the user with backups of their data in cases of accidental data loss, data
    incidents, employee errors or cloud server defects. These backups are stored on a separate server, which is
    independent from the main cloud server, so that backups would not be affected by any data incidents, employee errors
    or cloud server defects. In addition, Trividia utilizes Oracle Object Storage feature to prevent data loss, any loss
    in data redundancy is automatically detected and self-healed, without any customer impact.
IV. General Risk Assessment Summary
The risks for the rights and freedoms of Trividia's customers and users of the CGM APP in connection with the blood
    glucose sensor and the transmitter and Trividia's cloud service in relation to the purposes of the processing and
    specific processing activities of Trividia are acceptable. Although the processing of special categories of personal
    data, i.e. Health Data, and hence very sensitive data, always incurs material risks for the rights and freedoms of
    data subjects, Trividia has implemented effective risk mitigation and counter measures to reduce the risks
    associated with the processing of such data to reach the corresponding purposes. These measures include, among
    others, data access restriction to relevant personnel, offering a cloud service and performing regular backups of
    user data to prevent data loss, using specific and different high-quality and secure encryption technologies when
    transferring and storing user data, and contractual instruments when drafting and concluding agreements with
    business partners located in third countries to provide sufficient and appropriate guarantees for transfers to these
    third countries.
In conclusion, Trividia comes to the assessment that no high or inacceptable risks for data subjects result from the
    processing of Health Data in the manner performed by Trividia.
***True Vie CGM APP Terms of Use
PREAMBLE
These terms of use (the "
") of Trividia Health Inc. [] ("
Trividia
", "
we
", "
us
") apply to the
    registration of a user account ("
User Account
") for the use of the True vie Continuous
    Glucose Monitor System App for mobile phones ("
CGM APP
") and stipulate the terms and
    conditions for the use of the CGM APP. The use of the CGM APP and the registration of a User Account are mandatory
    to be able to use Trividia's blood glucose sensor and transmitter for measuring and monitoring blood glucose levels
    of diabetics (the "
Product
"). The Product in connection with the CGM APP assists diabetics
    in measuring, displaying and monitoring their current blood glucose levels, in identifying long-term glucose trends
    and developments based on their glucose levels, and warns diabetics if they become hyperglycemic or hypoglycemic and
    thus reach life-threatening states.
These T&Cs, applicable to the registration of a User Account and the use of the CGM APP, shall exclusively govern
    the relationship between any individual who registered a User Account for the use of the CGM APP (the "
User
") and Trividia. In the relationship between the user and Trividia, these T&Cs apply
    exclusively to the use of the CGM APP. The application of terms and conditions of the User is expressly rejected,
    even if the User expressly refers to their application.
1. SCOPE
1.1. Subject to these T&Cs Trividia offers to Users to register a User Account and use the CGM APP in connection
    with the Product to measure and monitor their current and long-term blood glucose levels. The T&Cs stipulate the
    terms and conditions for the registration of a User Account and the use of the Trividia's CGM APP. The T&Cs
    constitute the user agreement for the use of the CGM APP between the User and Trividia after the registration of a
    User Account ("
User Agreement
").
1.2. The T&Cs govern the mutual rights and obligation with respect to the provision and use of the CGM APP.
1.3. Trividia is not a healthcare professional and does not provide medical, health or other professional services
    or advice in relation to the User. We do not verify the accuracy of the health and user data as defined in our
    privacy notice for the CGM APP. The current and applicable privacy notice can be found here: [].
1.4. The use of the Product and the CGM APP does not replace proper healthcare and the regular consultation with
    healthcare professionals such as physicians. Should Users feel unwell, experience pain, or notice any other
    abnormality that may be related to their health, it is the User's sole responsibility to urgently consult a
    physician or other appropriate medical care. Trividia cannot give appropriate medical advice and recommends that
    Users consult a physician or other medical professionals. In urgent or life threatening cases, Users should dial the
    local emergency number of the country where they are currently located.
1.5. At their own responsibility, Users may also share data collected during the use of the Product and the CGM APP
    with their physicians, healthcare professionals or other healthcare service providers for the purpose of receiving
    medical treatment and advice.
1.6. The CGM APP may be downloaded from Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store. The use of Apple's App Store
    and the Google Play Store are subject to separate independent terms and conditions and Apple's and Google's privacy
    notice, which are not controlled by Trividia and cannot be influenced by us. The terms of use and privacy policy can
    be accessed at:
a) Apple:
Apple Media Service Terms and Conditions:
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/internet-services/itunes/uk/terms.html
Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
b) Google:
Google Play Terms of Service:
https://play.google.com/intl/de_uk/about/play-terms/index.html
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-gb
2. DESCRIPTION OF TRIVIDIA SERVICES
2.1 Upon the successful completion of the registration of a User Account as set out in section 3, Trividia grants
    the User access to the CGM APP and the User receives a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable,
    non-permanent, limited right to access and use the CGM APP in accordance with these T&Cs and the applicable laws
    ("
Trividia Services
").
2.2 In connection with the use of the Product and the CGM APP, Trividia Services include that Users:
a) measure and monitor their current and long term blood glucose levels and trends;
b) transmit, retrieve and display certain information regarding their diabetes on their mobile device on which they
    have installed the CGM APP;
c) receive warning messages and alerts in case of hyperglycemic or hypoglycemic and thus live-threatening states;
d) may voluntarily upload and store the collected data on Trividia's cloud servers located in Germany using the
    cloud services offered by Trividia in the CGM APP;
e) may use the CGM APP in offline mode without uploading their personal data to our cloud servers after the
    successful registration of a User Account;
f) may access and transfer this data, if uploaded to the cloud servers, to any other mobile device at any time by
    logging into their respective User Account;
g) perform backups of their data which are then stored on our cloud server;
h) share their uploaded anonymized data with research and development centers in the United States of America for
    statistical and analytical research purposes and to improve data related to diabetes research.
2.3 The access and usage right granted under these T&Cs is generally limited to the CGM APP and the Trividia
    Services in their current state upon registration of a User Account.
2.4 Trividia is entitled to introduce additional features and functions ("
Upgrades
") which
    may be only available upon payment of an additional fee. Such Upgrades may be subject to additional terms and
    conditions. If any such additional terms or fees accrue, Trividia will inform the User accordingly of the applicable
    terms and fees prior to the purchase of any Upgrades.
3. REGISTRATION PROCESS AND USER ACCOUNT
3.1 Users may only register a User Account with Trividia for the use of the CGM APP, if they purchased a Product
    from Trividia's local distributors. Users are only entitled to register a User Account if they are at least 18 year
    old, or at the age at which they have the legal capacity under the national law of their habitual residence.
3.2 During the registration process for a User Account, Users must accept these T&Cs, confirm that they have taken
    note of Trividia's Privacy Notice for the CGM APP, which can be found at [].
3.3 When registering a User Account, Users must provide the following information during the registration process ("
Account Data
"):
a) their email address;
b) a user name;
c) an individual password.
The provided information must be correct and the User must be the owner of the email address.
3.4 When logging in to his User Account in the CGM APP, the User will be prompted in the future to provide his email
    address or his user name and his individual password.
3.5 Users are obliged to keep all Account Data, in particular his user name and password, secret and carefully
    secure access to the User Account. Users shall ensure that no third parties have access to the User Account. The
    User must inform Trividia immediately, if he becomes aware of the loss of login credentials, his mobile device with
    the installed CGM APP, or if there are indications that the User Account has been misused. Such notice must include
    the User's email address and user name and may be sent to [].
3.6 Trividia reserves the right to delete the provided Account Data after a reasonable time, if the registration
    process fails, remains incomplete or is cancelled.
3.7 The User Account is not transferrable to a third party, as it is bound to the User, who indicated the Account
    Data during the registration process and successfully completed the registration. In the event that the User dies,
    Trividia is permitted to give the User's inheritors access to the User Account and to provide them with the
    information required for this purpose.
3.8 In case the User Agreement is terminated by Trividia or the User according to Section 7 of these T&Cs, the right
    to use and log in to the CGM APP expires as well automatically and immediately. Trividia is then entitled to suspend
    the User Account immediately and delete the data associated with the User Account within a reasonable period of
    time, subject to retention obligations under applicable laws.
4. USE OF THE CGM APP
4.1 The User is obliged to use the CGM APP solely for the purposes defined in these T&Cs and in accordance with
    these T&Cs. In particular, any kind of use is prohibited that may lead to a damage to the CGM APP, Trividia's IT
    infrastructure (including its cloud servers), its distributors, third parties, other Users of the CGM APP, violates
    statutory legal provisions or infringes any third party rights (e.g. intellectual property rights, data privacy
    rights). Users are not permitted to use the CGM APP in a manner that is suitable to harm Trividia, its distributors,
    other Users, third parties or to take advantage of or threaten the operation of the CGM APP or Trividia's IT
    infrastructure (including its cloud servers).
4.2 Trividia owns and retains all rights, in particular intellectual property rights, title and interest in and to
    the CGM APP and all respective usage rights to the CGM APP. The User is entitled during the term of the User
    Agreement on a non-exclusive, non-permanent and non-transferable basis to use the CGM APP and its features in
    accordance with these T&Cs as well as the potentially applicable additional terms and conditions for Upgrades. The
    User shall be not entitled to
a) use the CGM APP for commercial purposes or to benefit any third party;
b) use or attempt to use any unauthorized means to modify, reroute, or gain access to Trividia
    Services;
c) enable unauthorized third party applications, hardware or software to access, interfere with, or
    modify the CGM APP or the Product;
d) sublicense any of the User's rights under these T&Cs to a third party;
e) modify, copy, dissemble, decompile, translate, decode, edit, distribute, or make the CGM APP publicly
    available or create derivative works of it, unless permitted by law;
f) reverse engineer or derive the source code of the CGM APP, unless permitted by law;
g) use any automated means, processes or services to access or use Trividia Services, or to copy or
    scrape any data from the Trividia Services and the CGM APP.
4.3 The User is solely responsible to ensure that its mobile device meets the technical requirements for the use of
    the CGM APP. Users also have to ensure that they are using the latest version of the CGM APP. If the User does not
    update his CGM APP to the latest version provided by Trividia, Trividia cannot guarantee that the use of the CGM APP
    takes place with the current security standards.
5. SUPPLY OF THE CGM APP
5.1 Upon purchase of the Product, the Customer acquires, subject to the required minimum age of 18 years pursuant to
    Section 3.1. and the prerequisite of the registration of a User Account pursuant to Section 3, the right to download
    CGM APP from the providers mentioned in Section 5.2 and to install it on his mobile device.
5.2 Trividia supplies the CGM APP as a digital download on its website, which can be found at
    https://www.ican-cgm.com, and through Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store. To the extent that the supply of
    the CGM APP is carried out by the providers of the aforementioned app stores, any potential delay in the supply of
    the CGM APP (including updates) by the providers of the app store is not the responsibility of Trividia and does not
    constitute any claims of the User against Trividia.
5.3 The use and supply of the CGM APP is free of charge and the User may download the CGM APP at any time from
    Trividia's website or the app stores mentioned above. If in the future the CGM APP should provide chargeable
    content, Trividia will inform the User in due time about the chargeability.
5.4 Trividia supplies the CGM APP in its latest version and with the features and functions as set forth in Section
    2. The features, functions and attributes of the Trividia Services and the CGM APP described in Section 2 constitute
    the subjective and objective conformity requirements agreed upon between Trividia and the User.
5.5 Trividia provides installation and instruction manuals for the CGM APP along with the instruction manual for the
    Product. Both manuals can also be found here:
https://www.ican-cgm.com
6. WARRANTY AND LIABILITY
6.1 Trividia warrants that the CGM APP conforms to the subjective and objective conformity requirements at the time
    of its supply and that its use by the User to the contractually agreed extent in the country of first download of
    the app does not conflict with any third party rights.
6.2 Insofar as the CGM APP does not meet the subjective or objective requirements for conformity as stipulated in
    these T&Cs, the user shall be entitled to the statutory warranty claims such as subsequent performance, revocation
    of the contract, reduction of the purchase price or damages, provided that the prerequisites of these provisions are
    met.
6.3 In accordance with Section 6.4, Trividia will provide updates to the CGM APP, which maintain the contractual
    condition of the CGM APP, including (critical) security updates ("
Updates
").
6.4 Trividia provides Updates for the CGM APP as of the initial supply of the app to an individual User for a
    minimum period of two (2) years and as long as Trividia supplies the CGM APP to an individual User. The maximum
    eligibility of an individual User to receive Updates ends with the termination of the User Agreement pursuant to
    Section 7 of these T&Cs.
6.5 Trividia informs the User on available Updates by a corresponding notice in the CGM APP or on the website. In
    addition, providers of the app stores may inform the User on available Updates. Trividia shall not be liable for any
    defect due to a failure by the User to update the CGM APP of which Trividia has informed the User, unless the
    failure to update is caused by defective installation instructions provided to the User.
6.6 The liability under statutory law (regardless of the legal basis) of Trividia and its legal representatives and
    vicarious agents is limited to damages (a) resulting from intent and gross negligence of Trividia, its legal
    representatives or vicarious agents, (b) to life, body or health or (c) resulting from the culpable breach of
    material contractual obligations, i.e. obligations the fulfillment of which is a prerequisite for the due
    performance of the contract or the breach of which jeopardizes the realization of the purpose of the contract and
    compliance with which the other party may regularly rely on (so called “cardinal obligations” =
    “Kardinalspflichten”). In the latter case the liability shall be limited in case of slight negligence to the damage
    which was typically foreseeable at the time of contract conclusion.
6.7 The liability for the loss of data is limited to the effort for retrieval that would have occurred in case of
    regular and proper back-ups. The User is solely responsible for conducting the back-ups of the data that they
    entered or uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers through the use of the respective feature in the CGM APP. The User
    is also solely responsible for saving any information required for evidence, accounting or other purposes on a
    storage device independent of Trividia's services.
7. TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION
7.1 These T&Cs become binding upon successful registration of a User Account and acceptance of these T&Cs by the
    User during the registration process. The User Agreement for the Trividia Services is concluded for an indefinite
    term.
7.2 The User may terminate the User Agreement at any time either by sending a termination notice in text form via
    email to
cgmmk@Trividiameditech.com
or by closing the User Account
    in the CGM APP and deletion of the CGM APP. In the event the User terminates the User Agreement by sending a
    termination notice via email, Trividia will suspend the account and delete all data associated with the User's User
    Account after a reasonable period of time and in accordance with Trividia's data retention policies.
7.3 Trividia may terminate the User Agreement at any time with a notice period of 30 days to the end of the month in
    text form without specifying any reasons.
7.4 If Trividia has concrete indications of violations of the User against legal provisions or against obligations
    under these T&Cs, Trividia may suspend the respective User Account until it is ensured that no further violations
    are committed.
7.5 In the event that the User repeatedly violates legal provisions or obligations arising from these T&Cs, Trividia
    may permanently suspend the respective User Account. Violations of obligations under these T&Cs permitting permanent
    suspension include, in particular, the User's obligations not to:
a) transfer the User Account to a third party or grant a third party access to the User Account;
b) provide false information during the registration process;
c) use an email address that is not owned by the User;
d) use the CGM APP in a manner that may cause damage to the CGM APP, Trividia's IT infrastructure
    (including its cloud servers); or
e) violate these T&Cs, statutory legal provisions or any third party rights.
7.6 If Trividia suspends a User, Trividia will take into account the legitimate interests of the User, in particular
    whether the User is responsible for the violation. Trividia will inform the User of the reasons for temporary or
    permanent suspension at the latest when the suspension becomes effective.
7.7 Trividia and the User have the right to terminate the User Agreement at any time without notice for good cause.
    Good cause includes, in particular, if the User repeatedly violates these T&Cs.
7.8 Trividia may also terminate the User Agreement, if the User decides to reject material changes
    pursuant to Section 9.1.
7.9 If Trividia has permanently suspended a User or terminated the User Agreement in accordance with these T&Cs, the
    User has no right to have his suspended User Account reinstated. The User is also not allowed to register a new User
    Account after a permanent suspension or a termination by Trividia.
8. PRIVACY
8.1 Trividia's current and applicable Privacy Notice for the CGM APP can be found here:
https://www.ican-cgm.com
9. MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 Trividia may, at its sole discretion, extend, reduce, change or completely cease to provide Trividia Services to
    the Users, and amend these T&Cs. As far as changes are exclusively connected with advantages for the User, Trividia
    will inform the User 30 days before the changes apply. In case of material changes to the Trividia Services or to
    these T&Cs that could be disadvantageous for the User (e.g. introduction of a fee for previously free services,
    modifications of termination rights to the detriment of Users), Trividia will inform the User upon a 30 days' notice
    period. Changes become binding for the User and Trividia if the User does not reject in writing (email is
    sufficient) within this deadline and continues to use the CGM APP and the Trividia Services after the expiration of
    the deadline. Trividia informs the End User about this effect along with the change notice.
9.2 These T&Cs shall exclusively be governed by and construed under the laws of [] excluding its provision on the
    conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG). In the
    event that your residence or abode is in a member state of the European Union and if you are a consumer, this
    stipulation is not in conflict with mandatory rules of the country in which your residence or abode is situated.
    Such rules shall remain unaffected.
9.3 Should any provision of these T&Cs be or become invalid in whole or in parts or should a loophole requiring
    closing show up, the validity of the other provisions shall not be affected. Rather, the Parties shall be obliged to
    replace the invalid or unenforceable provisions with another valid provision as close to the economic effect as
    possible.
Version of these T&Cs
The T&Cs are dated May, 5, 2023.
DATA PROTECTION IMPACT ASSESSMENT ("DPIA")
A. Information on the DPIA
I. Functions and persons involved
Name
Function
Role in the DPIA process
Jiangfeng Fei
CEO, Trividia Health
Accountable
Lee Scott Taylor
Head of European Access
Responsible (final approval)
Echo Yu
Regulatory Affaire Director
Responsible (author)
Zhigang Zhong
IT Security Officer
Consulted
Robin Chen
Data Protection Officer
Consulted
Contact details of the Data Protection Officer:
Robin Chen
xiaobing.chen@Trividia.com
Tel: 0731-89935578
II. Status of the DPIA, version history
The DPIA is conducted due to the processing on a large scale of special categories of data in the meaning of Art. 9
    (1) GDPR, i.e. health data or personal health information (Art. 35 (3) lit. b) GDPR). The processing has not yet
    been commenced. The controller wants to assess what legal bases are available for the processing, the necessity and
    proportionality of the processing and what appropriate safeguards are required for the intended processing
    activities.
III. Annexes and references
[Currently there are no annexes or references. It may be useful to refer to, e.g., certain customer agreements or
    other privacy/compliance documentation.]
IV. Date for the next review
[Complete when draft is final, max. 1 year from approval]
B. Context
I. Overview
1. Description of the processing activity
Trividia Health Inc. ("
Trividia
") is the controller of different categories of
    personal data, including personal health information, which is provided by private individuals using Trividia's CGM
    APP, the blood glucose sensor and its transmitter. Trividia operates and offers the CGM APP to private individuals,
    who purchased a blood glucose sensor and a transmitter from one of Trividia's distributors. In order to be able to
    use Trividia's CGM APP, customers must register a user account in the CGM APP and provide personal information such
    as their email address, a user name and an individual password ("
User Account Data
").
    Besides User Account Data and certain technical device data, which are necessary for using the CGM APP, Trividia
    processes in particular personal health information when it comes to the use of the blood glucose sensor, the
    transmitter and the CGM APP. During registration, customers may voluntarily indicate their diabetes type, gender and
    age, while the blood glucose sensor and the transmitter will continuously process and transmit glucose levels to the
    CGM APP via Bluetooth in order to enable customers to view current glucose levels, and to provide them with
    long-term glucose trends and developments based on their glucose levels ("
Health Data
") as
    well as to send warning messages and alerts in case of life-threatening glucose levels. Except for personal data
    such as names and email addresses required for the registration of a user account with the CGM APP, all personal
    data is generally stored on the user's device by default. Any data that is stored locally is not accessible for
    Trividia and its employees. CGM APP users also have the voluntary option to use a cloud service and upload their
    personal data, including their Health Data, to Trividia's cloud servers. If the data is uploaded to the cloud
    server, Trividia intends to share Health Data in an anonymized format with research and development centers,
    external researchers, healthcare companies and professionals, and health authorities in the United States of
    America.
As Trividia processes special categories of personal data referred to in Art. 9 (1) GDPR, i.e. Health
    Data, and because the processing of data concerning health is generally associated with a high risk to the rights
    and freedoms of natural persons, the following DPIA will be limited to this specific category of personal data.
2. What are the purposes of the processing of Health Data?
Trividia processes Health Data and corresponding information for multiple purposes.
a) Monitoring and retrospective analysis of glucose levels, improvement of the understanding and
    control of customers' diabetes and protection of life
The main purpose of the processing of Health Data is the provision of current glucose levels and enabling
    customers to view a retrospective analysis of their glucose levels, which shall be associated with an improvement of
    the understanding and control of their diabetes. In addition to the improvement of the understanding of customers'
    diabetes, Health Data is processed to protect the life of Trividia's customers in case of life-threatening glucose
    levels.
b) Research purposes and improvement of the CGM APP
Trividia additionally intends to process and share Health Data that is voluntarily uploaded to Trividia's cloud
    servers using the cloud service in an anonymized form with research and development centers in the United States of
    America for statistical and analytical research purposes and to improve data related to diabetes research.
    Processing for research purposes includes, but is not limited to, creating, accessing, storing, using, analyzing,
    and sharing the data with affiliates, external researchers, healthcare companies and professionals, and health
    authorities. Anonymized data will also be used to evaluate and improve the performance of the CGM APP and to update
    and improve existing features, develop new features to meet the individual needs of our users, and to improve
    statistical and scientific research capabilities.
3. What is the legal basis for the processing of Health Data?
a) Consent as general basis for processing
The legal basis for Trividia's processing activities in relation to the processing of customers' Health
    Data is their prior express consent pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. a) GDPR. Trividia is aware that valid consent
    requires a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or
    she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of its personal data.
    Trividia also understands that the processing of special categories of personal data in the sense of Art. 9 (1) GDPR
    requires explicit consent. Therefore, Trividia will only process customers' Health Data when the customer has
    expressly consented to the processing of his or her personal information for the purposes provided for in Trividia's
    procedures for obtaining informed consent. Conscious of the relevant consent requirements under the GDPR, Trividia
    obtains consent prior to the processing for each and every purpose for which the processing of customer's Health
    Data is intended.
b) Basis for storing Health Data on the device
Already for storing Health Data on the user device (in the default function) Trividia requires users to consent to
    this storage. The user is notified that without this consent, the CGM APP will not be usable with all functions. The
    consent will be requested in the course of the account registration process and requires an active action of the
    user. In this process, the user is also provided with key information regarding the processing and meaning of
    his/her consent.
c) Basis for uploading Health Data to cloud server
On optional basis, the user can upload his/her Health Data to cloud servers operated by third party service
    providers of Trividia. This step requires (theoretical) access to the uploaded data by Trividia and the engaged
    service provider. Uploading the data requires a separate consent in the same form as described above in paragraph
    b).
d) Basis for data sharing with third parties (e.g. research and development centers)
In certain specified cases and when Health Data is uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers, Trividia intends to share
    anonymized Health Data with independent third parties. Recipients of Health Data include to the extent necessary
    Trividia's technical and customer support service providers, Trividia Group companies (i.e. affiliate companies),
    research and development centers in the United States of America, external researchers, healthcare companies and
    professionals, and health authorities. In any case, the legal basis for the processing and sharing is the express
    consent of the data subject pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. a) GDPR. Consent for sharing personal data also includes
    consent to the act of anonymizing itself. Data sharing requires a separate consent in the same form as described
    above in paragraph b).
e) Basis for international data transfers
To the extent Health Data is processed in countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Trividia takes
    appropriate measures to provided guarantees that the recipients comply with the main principles of the GDPR. Unless
    there are other appropriate safeguards or transfer mechanisms (such as adequacy decisions of the EU Commission) in
    place, Trividia uses the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c)
    GDPR when drafting the contracts concluded with its service providers and business partners and, in addition,
    obtains the data subject's express consent pursuant to Art. 49 (1) lit. a) GDPR for the third country transfer. The
    consent according to above paragraphs c) and d) include an expressive consent for transfer to third parties outside
    the EEA. This consent is accompanied by information regarding the potential risks for personal data being
    transferred to countries outside the EEA.
4. Which functions of the company are competent for the processing?
The Health Data, uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers, is processed by a limited number of personnel. Solely
    authorized employees of Trividia will have access to the serves and the data stored thereon. Authorized employees
    include technical staff who is responsible for the maintenance of the servers. In addition, Trividia's customer
    support team may have access to Health Data, when users of the CGM APP contact the customer support and provide
    information on their Health Data or request support for the CGM APP that potentially requires access to the Health
    Data. These employees and all other employees receive special trainings and information on their, and Trividia's
    privacy, confidentiality and data security information and have to participate in regular privacy and data security
    trainings. In specific cases it may also be required for personnel of hosting service providers to access the Health
    Data stored on their servers for maintenance and trouble-shooting purposes. In the event of customer support
    requests, it may also be necessary for customer support purposes that Health Data is disclosed to Trividia's
    external customer support service provides such as call centers. The service providers are bound by data processing
    agreements meeting the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR and obliged to ensure that their personnel having access to the
    Health Data are trained respectively as well.
5. Have the data subjects been consulted on the processing?
Prior to the start of processing, data subjects have been consulted and informed about Trividia's processing
    activities by receiving the relevant privacy notice. In addition, health data is generally stored locally on the
    data subject's mobile device by default to reduce the risk to individuals' freedoms and rights with respect to their
    personal data. Before the data is uploaded to Trividia's cloud servers, the data subject must give consent to the
    upload and, in this regard, will be informed of the relevant processing activities that will be carried out when and
    after the data is uploaded, so that data subjects can make a free and informed decision regarding their personal
    data prior to the processing.
II. Data, processes and assistance
1. Which categories of personal data are processed?
Data concerning health in the meaning of Art. 9 (1) GDPR, namely health data including blood glucose
    levels.
2. Which categories of persons are concerned by the processing?
Private individuals who suffer from diabetes having purchased or ordered the Trividia blood glucose
    sensor and transmitter from Trividia distributors, and have registered with the CGM APP.
3. Who are the recipients to whom the data are disclosed, including recipients in third countries
    outside the EEA or international organizations?
a) Are any data processors involved who get access? If so, are their obligations clearly defined in
    a contract?
When it comes to data processors, Trividia engages and cooperates with certain service providers in order
    to provide the CGM APP and the cloud services. These data processors have been carefully selected beforehand, are
    contractually obligated in the scope of Art. 28 (3) GDPR and have been verified for reliability in accordance with
    Art. 28 (1) GDPR. Data processors engaged by Trividia are basically technical service and host providers. The
    following data processors are involved and carry out processing on behalf of Trividia:
Trividia Health Inc, in the USA (support services)
[call center]
Oracle Cloud ("
ORACLE
") in the EU with physical server location in Germany and
      United Kingdom (as hosting provider)
b) Are there any third parties to whom the data are disclosed? If so, are they joint controllers
    with Trividia or separate controllers?
With the consent of the data subjects Trividia intends to share Health Data in an anonymized form to the extent
    necessary with research and development centers in the United States of America, external researchers, healthcare
    companies and professionals, and health authorities. These recipients are separate controllers, as Trividia will not
    be further involved in the processing and in determining the purposes and means of the processing, or processors
    which have been selected as described in sec.B.II.3.a).
c) Are there any recipients in third countries outside the EEA? If so, what measures are taken to
    ensure a legitimate transfer?
The above recipients of personal data are established outside the EEA or are controlled by a parent company located
    in a third country. When it comes to data sharing with recipients set out in sec. B.II. 3. b), Trividia ensures that
    all data is anonymized prior to the disclosure. In addition, Trividia takes appropriate measures to provide
    guarantees that the recipients comply with the principles of GDPR. Unless there are other appropriate safeguards or
    transfer mechanisms (such as adequacy decisions of the EU Commission) in place, Trividia uses the standard
    contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c) GDPR when drafting the contracts
    concluded with service providers and obtains prior consent for the data transfer from our customers. Before Trividia
    asks customers to consent to the processing and transfer of their personal data, the necessary information according
    to Art. 12, 13 GDPR is provided including information on the risks associated with data transfers to third countries
    that do not have the same level of data protection as the European Union so that they can make an informed decision.
d) What is the life cycle of the data and processes?
Only authorized employees access personal data and Trividia performs daily incremental backups and monthly full
    backups of data stored on the cloud server for data loss prevention purposes. The data is deleted or anonymized as
    soon as it is no longer necessary for the purposes it has been collected and processed. The data is basically stored
    for the duration of the contractual relationship regarding the CGM APP. Health Data that is uploaded to Trividia's
    cloud servers will be retained for twelve months from the last use of the customer's user account and deleted or
    aggregated thereafter. If data subjects withdraw their consent or exercise their right to be forgotten under Art. 17
    GDPR, Trividia will delete respective data. Any data that is stored on the mobile device used by the customer in
    conjunction with the use of the CGM APP will be stored locally until the customer decides to delete the CGM APP.
Data that is processed in connection with Trividia's customer service will be stored where this is necessary to
    ensure product safety and to comply with applicable regulatory provisions. The retention period of this information
    may vary between two and ten years after the last sale of the products by distributors.
Trividia also retains data in accordance with retention periods under tax and commercial law, insofar as
    applicable. This does not include Health Data.
In any case, where it is necessary and required by law, Trividia will restrict access to the data and anonymize it
    to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations in order to ensure security of the data and reduce the
    risks to the freedoms and rights of the data subjects.
e) By which technical means are the data being processed and protected?
The data collected by the blood glucose sensor is transmitted via the transmitter to the customer's mobile device on
    which the CGM APP is installed. This transmission adopts the Bluetooth Standard Protocol for encryption. Data that
    remains stored exclusively locally on the customers' mobile device is not accessible for Trividia or its employees
    by remote technical means and encrypted using CBC (Cipher Block Chaining Mode) encryption. Should customers decide
    to use the cloud service, the data transmission is encrypted by HTTPS encryption. For data encryption on AWS cloud
    servers the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is utilized.
To the extent necessary and requested by the customer, Trividia's customer services teams may have access to the
    customers' data stored on the cloud server. Regardless of the location of the customer service personnel accessing
    the personal information, the access is carried out via a secured network connection.
In terms of data loss prevention and to provide customers with data backups in case of accidental data loss or loss
    of their mobile device, Trividia performs daily incremental backups and monthly full backups of the data stored on
    our cloud servers. For data stored merely locally on customer mobile devices we do not perform data backups.
f) What other measures, guarantees or means are implemented to address the risks and to ensure the
    protection of personal data?
Additional data protection technologies include management of encryption keys, redaction of application layer data,
    and masking of sensitive production data for use in nonproduction environments for testing and development purposes.
C. Basic principles
I. Necessity and proportionality
1. Why is the processing absolutely necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose of the
    processing?
a) Monitoring and retrospective analysis of glucose levels, improvement of the understanding and
    control of customers' diabetes and protection of life
Trividia offers a blood glucose sensor, which allows users to view their current blood glucose levels, monitor their
    diabetes, and improve their understanding of their diabetes through retrospective analysis capabilities in an
    intelligible mobile app. Without the collection, transmission and processing of blood glucose levels stored at least
    locally on the device, the CGM APP and consequently the blood glucose sensor itself would not be usable and would
    not serve the purpose for which they were invented and developed. As a consequence, customers would not be able to
    monitor their current glucose levels and their diabetes. Assumed the data would not be stored locally on the mobile
    device, a retrospective analysis of the customer's glucose levels could not be conducted. Without being able to
    conduct a retrospective analysis, the customers would not be able to improve their understanding of their diabetes,
    and may not be able to improve the quality of their life. In addition, without monitoring current blood glucose
    levels, diabetics could easier fall into hyper- or hypoglycemic blood glucose levels, which can be life-threatening.
    The processing of the corresponding data therefore helps diabetics to recognize life-threatening blood glucose
    ranges and corresponding tendencies at an early stage, to take timely corrective measures and thus to protect their
    lives.
As a risk mitigation measure, Trividia decided to allow the storage of the data locally on the mobile device by
    default, so that users can decide themselves whether they want to upload their data to the cloud servers. Except for
    the users themselves, nobody is able to access the data stored locally on the mobile device. Therefore, it is in the
    sole discretion of the users whether they are willing to increase the risk to their freedom and rights.
Processing, collecting and storing the data merely locally on the mobile device and leaving the decision to upload
    it to Trividia's cloud servers is the least intrusive and processing activity with least risk that can be performed
    to achieve the purposes of the processing and to provide customers with a technology based product. The data is
    obtained through the users themselves and on a voluntary basis, as they are free to purchase other, non-technology
    based products that do not provide for the tech-based features and advantages and therefore process less data.
b) Research purposes and improvement of the CGM APP
Trividia also intends to process the data for research purposes as described in sec. B.I.2.b) by sharing the data
    with recipients named in that section and in sec. B.II.3. Trividia will share the data with third parties only when
    the data is uploaded to the cloud servers, when the customers gave their consent and in an anonymized form. The
    disclosure of data to the specified recipients is necessary so that they can conduct statistical and analytical
    research on diabetes and possibly develop new medications, or at least improve medical knowledge and thus medical
    advice for people with diabetes.
Data masking (also known as data scrambling and data anonymization) is the process of replacing sensitive
    information copied from production databases to test non-production databases with realistic, but scrubbed, data
    based on masking rules. Trividia utilized Oracle Data Masking and Subsetting Pack license to use data masking
    features. For details, please refer to Data Masking and Subsetting Guide.
Since the data will be shared exclusively in an anonymized format that does not allow the identification of data
    subjects, and only when the CGM APP user gives his or her explicit consent, the processing is the least intrusive,
    and is also based on the explicit expressed wishes of the users. The same applies for the processing for the
    improvement of the CGM APP. The data is solely used for this purpose when it is uploaded to the cloud server with
    the users consent and in an anonymized format.
Less intrusive and risky means than using anonymized data and following a consent based approach are not available,
    so that the selected means of processing are the most privacy friendly and proportionate available to achieve these
    purposes.
2. How does Trividia ensure that the data is correct?
The data is collected directly from the data subjects through a sensor which is self-applied to their
    skin. Trividia has no influence on the stored data.
In operation, the CGM System uses an integrated transmitter to convert electric signals to digital signals
    (following a process of signal amplification and filtering) and relay the data to the user's Bluetooth 4.0 (and
    later) smartphone using the Bluetooth LE connectivity provided by the Nordic SoC. The processor with floating point
    unit (FPU) provides ample computational power to run the complex sensor algorithms that ensure correct conversion
    the sensor data from the transmitter into the blood glucose value displayed on the companion APP.
3. What is the storage duration of the data?
See B.II.3.d).
II. Compliance with data subject rights
1. How are the data subjects informed about the processing?
Data subjects are informed about the processing through the provision of Trividia's privacy notice which contain the
    relevant information according to Art. 13 GDPR. The privacy notice is provided when registering an account in the
    CGM APP. Users must confirm acknowledgment of the privacy notice during the registration process.
2. How can data subjects exercise their right of access?
Data subjects using the CGM APP may contact the data protection officer and request access to their personal
    information. Data stored on the device of the data subject can be viewed at any time on the device.
3. How can data subjects exercise their right of erasure (deletion) / restriction of processing?
For data that is stored on the cloud server, the data subject can exercise his or her right of erasure by contacting
    the data protection officer and request deletion of the data. In addition, any data stored on the cloud server will
    be deleted or aggregated after a period of twelve months from the last use of the respective user account.
With respect to the data stored locally on the customer's mobile device, the data subject can easily delete the data
    at any time by removing the CGM APP from his or her mobile device.
4. How can data subjects exercise their right to rectification?
If data subjects believe that data processed by the company and stored on the cloud server is incorrect, they can
    contact the company‘s data protection officer. User Account Data can be rectified by the user at any time in the CGM
    APP.
5. How can data subjects exercise their right to object?
There will be no use case to exercise the right to object pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR, because the relevant data is not
    processed on the basis of Trividia's legitimate interest, not for the purpose of direct marketing and not for
    scientific, historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 (1) GDPR.
6. How can data subjects exercise their right to data portability?
The users have a right to request the transfer of their personal information in certain circumstances. This includes
    data Trividia process in an automated way in the APP based on user's consent.
D. Risks
The assessment of the risks broadly follows the method described in the DSK short paper no. 18 "Risk
    Assessment".[
(DSK_Kurzpapier Nr.
    18_Risiko_für die Rechte und Freiheiten natürlicher Personen
    (datenschutzkonferenz-online.de), p. 4-5.
] To describe the risks, we are using the matrix recommended by the
    Bavarian supervisory authority for the private sector in its example DPIA[
"Durchführung einer
    Datenschutz-Folgeabschätzung nach Art. 35 DSGVO in Anlehnung an die ISO/IEC 29134", p. 18.
].
I. Risk levels and graphic representation
Severity of
Damage
Very large
Substantial
Limited
Minimal
Minimal
Limited
Substantial
Maximum
Probability
Severity of Damage
Minimal
Minor disturbances
Limited
Disturbances
Substantial
Material negative consequences
Very large
Very serious and/or irreversible consequences
Probability
Minimal
Almost impossible / unimaginable
Limited
Requires a lot of effort (e.g., to overcome security measures)
Substantial
It is possible to overcome security measures with little effort
Very large
It is easy to cause the damage
Risk levels according to GDPR
Green
Low risk
Yellow/orange
Medium risk
Red
High risk
II. Risk assessment
Identification of the risk
Assessment
Source of the risk
Description of the risk
Possible damage
Probability
Severity of the possible damage
Result
1
Employees
Unauthorized disclosure of the data by authorized to access and use it
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
2
Employees
Unauthorized accessing and/or disclosure of the data by employees not authorized to access it
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
3
External; IT Security risks
Third parties obtain unauthorized access to the data, possibly disclose it further
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights
Limited
Substantial
Medium Risk
4
Loss of the mobile device on which the Trividia APP is installed
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data, stored on the mobile device by third parties who
          find the device
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          identity theft, discrimination
Limited
Substantial
Medium Risk
5
Transmission of the data from the transmitter to the user's mobile device
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data, during transmission to the user's mobile device
          and unauthorized interception of such data
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          discrimination
Limited
Limited
Low Risk
6
Use of cloud services provided by an U.S. cloud service provider
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data, and transfer of the data to a country that is
          not yet confirmed by the EU Commission to ensure an adequate level of data protection and the rights of data
          subjects
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          identity theft or fraud, unlawful and intransparent processing
Limited
Substantial
Medium Risk
7
Transfer of data to research and development centers, external researchers, healthcare companies and
          professionals, and health authorities
Unauthorized access to the data, in particular Health Data and unlawful disclosure
Violation of the data subject's personality and privacy rights, loss of control over their personal data,
          identity theft or fraud, unlawful and intransparent processing, refusal of data subject rights, processing of
          unanticipated data
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
8
Loss or deletion of data stored in the cloud or the mobile device
Unintentional loss of data through cyber-attacks or data incidents, employee errors, or defects of the cloud
          server or the mobile device
Violation of the data subjects personality, privacy and contractual rights, loss of control over their
          personal data
Minimal
Substantial
Medium Risk
III. Additional measures to lower the risk (controls)
1. Risk of unauthorized processing of the data, i.e. of unauthorized access and disclosure of the
    data, by authorized or unauthorized employees or third parties
Both, authorized and unauthorized personnel will receive special trainings on privacy laws and will be made aware of
    data protection laws, basic requirements, consequences of data protection violations and their impact on the
    controller as well as the data subjects and their data protection rights.
Trividia or its employees cannot access data stored locally on the mobile device of the customer. Should the
    customer decide for Trividia's cloud service and upload his or her personal data to Trividia's cloud servers, solely
    authorized employees will have access to the servers and personal data stored thereon and only on a “need-to-know”
    basis. Such personal will receive the aforementioned training on privacy laws. Access by any other personnel is
    prevented by logical access restriction and specifying an access control list ("
ACL
")
    blocks all IP addresses that are not in the ACL list from accessing the database.
In addition, Trividia retains data associated with user's CGM APP account and stored on a cloud server for a period
    of 12 months following the last use of the account. Customer support requests will be retained, where this is
    necessary, to ensure product safety and to comply with applicable regulatory provisions.
As soon as the data is no longer necessary for the purposes collected and processed or if the customer exercise
    their right to be forgotten, withdraw their consent, Trividia deletes or anonymizes such personal data.
2. Risk of unauthorized access to the data stored locally on the customer's mobile device in the
    event of a loss of the device
Data stored locally on the users mobile device is encrypted using CBC (Cipher Block Chaining Mode) encryption. Using
    CBC encryption has the advantage that plaintext patterns will be destroyed, identical plaintext patterns and blocks
    have different cipher texts, different cyber attacks such as time memory tradeoff and plaintext attacks become more
    difficult and reordering of the cipher text blocks result in erroneous plaintext blocks. The CGM APP is additionally
    protected against unauthorized access by security measures such as password prompt each time the App is launched and
    automatically sign out when the user closes the App.
These means protect data that is stored locally in an adequate and state of the art manner.
3. Risk of unauthorized access to and interception of the personal data during transmission from
    the transmitter to the mobile device and during the upload to the cloud server
The transmission from the glucose level transmitter to the CGM APP adopts the Bluetooth Standard Protocol for
    encryption. Establishing a connection basically requires authentication, authorization and a so called “pairing”
    between the devices. In order to establish the connection and pair the devices, the CGM APP user needs to enter a
    specific pin code, which can be set individually by the user.
The Bluetooth Standard Protocol in conjunction with the authentication, authorization and "pairing" requirements is
    technically sufficient and state of the art to protect the transmitted data and prevent unauthorized access.
4. Risks arising from the third country transfer when using the cloud service
When customers voluntarily decide to opt for Trividia's cloud service and upload their data to Trividia's cloud
    servers provided by AWS, the data transfer from the mobile device to the cloud server is encrypted using HTTPS
    encryption. HTTPS encryption is the standard communication protocol in the internet and represents a transport
    encryption, which shall ensure a tap-proof transfer of data in the internet between the client (sender) and the
    server (recipient).
When the data is stored on the cloud server, it is encrypted by Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), a highly secure
    encryption method adopted by the U.S. Government to protect non-classified data and classified information up to Top
    Secret level, given that a key with a length of 192 or 256 bits is used. At present, there exists no known practical
    attack that would allow unauthorized persons to decrypt and read data encrypted by AES without the knowledge of the
    key, so that the risks associated with the upload of the data is reduced to a minimum. The encryption ensures that
    third parties cannot access and read the data without the knowledge of the encryption key.
When it comes to third country transfers in the meaning of Art. 44 et. seq. GDPR, Trividia takes appropriate
    measures to provide guarantees that the recipients comply with the principles of GDPR and inform data subjects in
    the privacy notice about the risks associated with third country transfers where no adequacy decision of the
    European Commission exists, so that data subjects can make an informed decision regarding the processing of their
    data. As a risk mitigation measure, third country transfers may only occur if data subjects actively decide to
    upload their data to Trividia's cloud server, i.e. Trividia's customer must actively opt in for the upload of their
    data and give their express consent for the upload. This upload function is disabled in the default setting of the
    CGM APP. When no other appropriate safeguards or transfer tools for the third country transfer are in place,
    Trividia uses the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c) GDPR
    when drafting contracts concluded with its service providers, so that these business partners are contractually
    obliged to adhere to the principles of the GDPR. Therefore, the risk associated with third country transfers and
    using Trividia's cloud service is low and Trividia implemented countermeasures to ensure the security and integrity
    of users' Health Data.
5. Risk of unauthorized access to personal data in the case of provision of customer data to
    research and development centers, external researchers, healthcare companies and professionals, and health
    authorities for research purposes
Data of data subjects will only be provided to these recipients if the customer has chosen to upload his or her data
    to the cloud server and consented to the sharing of the uploaded data with the aforementioned recipients. To avoid
    an unauthorized access to or an unlawful disclosure of the personal data, Trividia solely shares anonymized data
    with these recipients. By anonymizing the shared data as described under C.I.1.b), Trividia ensures that its
    customers remain unidentifiable and that the data cannot be de-anonymized by the recipients.
6. Risk of data loss due to data incidents, employee errors or cloud server defects
Storing data on electronic devices or on cloud servers always bears the risk that data is lost due to data
    incidents, loss of the device itself, employee errors or defects of the cloud server. In order to prevent the loss
    of user data, Trividia has set up various processes to secure and backup user data. For data stored exclusively on
    the customer's mobile device, Trividia has integrated an upload option into the CGM APP that allows CGM APP users to
    upload the data to Trividia's cloud servers by using the cloud service. If the users lose their mobile device or if
    it breaks, the data can be easily retrieved from the cloud server and transferred to a new device by using the
    appropriate user account and logging in. The relevant data is then available again in the CGM APP.
Data stored on the cloud server, is secured against data loss through daily incremental backups and monthly full
    backups, which allow Trividia to provide the user with backups of their data in cases of accidental data loss, data
    incidents, employee errors or cloud server defects. These backups are stored on a separate server, which is
    independent from the main cloud server, so that backups would not be affected by any data incidents, employee errors
    or cloud server defects. In addition, Trividia utilizes Oracle Object Storage feature to prevent data loss, any loss
    in data redundancy is automatically detected and self-healed, without any customer impact.
IV. General Risk Assessment Summary
The risks for the rights and freedoms of Trividia's customers and users of the CGM APP in connection with the blood
    glucose sensor and the transmitter and Trividia's cloud service in relation to the purposes of the processing and
    specific processing activities of Trividia are acceptable. Although the processing of special categories of personal
    data, i.e. Health Data, and hence very sensitive data, always incurs material risks for the rights and freedoms of
    data subjects, Trividia has implemented effective risk mitigation and counter measures to reduce the risks
    associated with the processing of such data to reach the corresponding purposes. These measures include, among
    others, data access restriction to relevant personnel, offering a cloud service and performing regular backups of
    user data to prevent data loss, using specific and different high-quality and secure encryption technologies when
    transferring and storing user data, and contractual instruments when drafting and concluding agreements with
    business partners located in third countries to provide sufficient and appropriate guarantees for transfers to these
    third countries.
In conclusion, Trividia comes to the assessment that no high or inacceptable risks for data subjects result from the
    processing of Health Data in the manner performed by Trividia.
***
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-gb:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to find out more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Check-Up
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Check-Up
Effective 16 September 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites and devices, such as Search, YouTube and Google Home
Platforms such as the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content such as emails and photos, or to see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all; for example, searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information that Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or
device
that you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things that you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content that you create, upload or receive from others when using our services. This includes things such as email you write and receive, photos and videos that you save, docs and spreadsheets you create and comments that you make on YouTube videos.
Information that we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers and
devices
that you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features such as automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information that we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including operator name and phone number and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers – for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and operator name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video that you might like. The activity information that we collect may include:
Terms that you search for
Videos that you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history that you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products that you’re using and the settings that you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products that you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
; for example, from your searches or
places that you label such as home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data that we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services which provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information that we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, such as processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure that our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalised services, including content and ads
We use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and
customised search results
. For example,
Security Check-Up
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalised ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Centre
.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Centre
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information that we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it’s used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Check-Up
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products – you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Check-Up
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content that you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos that you watch and the things that you search for are saved in your account so that you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so that you can get more personalised experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps and devices that use Google services
, such as apps that you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Centre
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, such as reviews and recommendations, which appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches that you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalisation:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information that Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things such as remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads, depending on your Shared Endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student, or work for an organisation that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, such as your email
View statistics regarding your account, such as how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centres, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety, and analyse and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests that we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners – such as publishers, advertisers, developers or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Check-Up and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorised access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data that we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content that you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to get it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymised automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymised form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes for us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so that you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service that you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms that you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data that you've requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your delivery address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a ‘check-in’ button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’ information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you to share your location using
Google Location Sharing
so that others can find you on a map or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent and provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video or processing, fulfilling and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products and features
To maintain the service so that it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. If we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help us understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us to discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyse which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyse usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and to increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyse queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google’s servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure that they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us to design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google to develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products, such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google's first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalised services, including content and ads
To customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and customised search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Check-up feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
Google Play uses information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalised ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for ‘mountain bikes’ or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customise our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalised, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos that you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalised ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance – we use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design.
We use data about the ads that you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times that a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyses data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing the number of times that a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analysing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfil obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you – we use information that we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues that you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyse IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
We analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment that you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth that you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analysing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure that it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA and your linked services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children and teens
Voice and audio collection from children’s features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organisation that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings:
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Check-Up
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety centre
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s teen privacy guide
provides answers to some of the top questions that we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an Internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in 'local storage' mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and re-opened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners’ sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorised access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or refers to an individually identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination web page by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last web page the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for 'cars' looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences and providing personalised advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognise a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customise our service to your device or analyse device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area that you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least three sq. km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third-party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways that you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads that you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for 'pizza'. Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programmes so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers, which don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services such as Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialler, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input and security features. Learn more about
Google Play services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymise data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
customised search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can obtain more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customised search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customisation, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalisation
.
Customising our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a 'check-in' button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your delivery address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
) and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to the appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie that you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyse how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, such as Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer) and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (such as MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Find out more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyse how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyse its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyses these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over two million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, such as apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, such as a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect date of birth indicating that you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalised ads
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places that you label like home and work
You might choose to save places that are important to you, such as your home or your work, to your Google Account. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses at any time in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business' information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalised ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things such as 'Cooking and Recipes' or 'Air Travel'. We don’t use topics or show personalised ads based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
who use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to work out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centres located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
Similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps that we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data that you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
that you’ve left on apps, games and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronisation with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc or Bcc field of an email you’re composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability, and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report usage statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information that we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content that you have in other Google products, such as Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things such as the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant and hotel reservations or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by auto-completing their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalised content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, for example sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions that you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so that we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely to have been seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like 'Hey Google', Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, for example from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
, and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Find out more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Centre
A drop-down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps