Documents Edit Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
We value the privacy of every user. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to explain to you through this "Privacy Policy" how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our services, and how we provide you with access, update, control and protection of this information. This "Privacy Policy" is closely related to the services you use. I hope you read it carefully and, when necessary, follow the guidelines of this "Privacy Policy" to make the choices you deem appropriate.
By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. We may collect your information
When we provide services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the intended effect of the relevant services.
(1) Relevant personal information provided to us when you register an account or use our services, such as phone number, email or bank card number, etc.;
(2) The shared information you provide to other parties through our services, and the information you store when you use our services;
(3) Shared information about you provided by other parties when using our services, using equipment or software information, such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access our services, your the IP address and the version and device identifier used by the mobile device;
(4) Information searched or browsed when using our services, such as the web search terms you use, the URL addresses of social media pages you visit, and other information and content details you browse or request to provide when using our services.
"Our product integrates Umeng+SDK, Umeng+SDK needs to collect your device's Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical analysis services, and The accuracy of report data is calibrated by geographic location to provide basic anti-cheating capabilities.” Umeng Privacy Policy Link https://www.umeng.com/page/policy
3. How we may use the information
We may use the information collected in the course of providing services to you for the following purposes:
(1) Provide you with services;
(2) When we provide services, for identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes, to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
(3) Let us better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs in a targeted manner, such as language setting, location setting, personalized help services and instructions, or to you and others The user responds in other ways;
In order to give you a better experience, improve our services or other purposes you agree to, we may aggregate or personalize the information collected through a service on the premise of complying with relevant laws and regulations. , for our other services. For example, the information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you information that is not generally pushed about you. You can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by that service for our other services if we provide the corresponding option in the relevant service.
4. Information we may share
We and our affiliates will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent, except in the following cases:
(1) We and our affiliates may share your personal information with our affiliates, partners and third-party service providers, contractors and agents (such as communication service providers that send emails or push notifications on our behalf , map service providers that provide us with location data).
(2) to provide you with our services;
(3) Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in this Privacy Policy;
(4) If we or our affiliates share your personal information with any of the above-mentioned third parties, we will strive to ensure that such third parties abide by this Privacy Policy and other appropriate requirements that we require them to comply with when using your personal information. confidentiality and security measures.
(5) To comply with applicable laws and regulations; to comply with court orders or other legal procedures; to comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies; to comply with applicable laws and regulations, safeguard social public interests, or protect our customers, us or our group companies , as reasonably necessary for the personal and property safety or legitimate interests of other users or employees.
5. Paid services
(1) Some services provided by the App require payment to use ("Paid Services"), but we will offer a free trial period. You can choose our annual package for paid services. One day is paid in full and you will receive paid services for the duration of the subscription. In the future, the app may include other paid services. If you have subscribed paid services during the further paid service update period, you can use other paid services for free during the subscription period, but only if: 1) we do not need additional fees; 2) you may need to use other paid services to Update the application.
(2) For any Paid Services we provide, we accept payment by the current payment method indicated before purchase, which includes ApplePavments and any other payment method we may provide to you from time to time. You agree to abide by any relevant terms of service or other legal agreement with Apple or a third party that govern your use of a given payment method.
(3) We can modify the payment policy according to actual needs. Some free services may become paid services in the future. If fees are not paid in full and on time, you will no longer be able to use the paid services when we start charging them. In the event of price reductions or promotions, we will not provide price protection or refunds.
(4) What functions do document form editor members enjoy?
The Documents Edit membership currently includes advanced paid items: free editing and sharing of all documents, unlimited viewing of video tutorials, use and sharing of all templates
(5) Subscription items for document table editing are as follows: Document table editing - continuous monthly subscription: 28 yuan/month; continuous quarterly subscription: 68 yuan/quarter; continuous annual subscription: 98 yuan/year; continuous annual subscription: 188 yuan/year (7-day free trial ). Subscription method: After the subscription is successful, the current paid package will be automatically renewed after expiration. Payment: After the user confirms the purchase and pays, it will be credited to the iTunes account. Cancellation of renewal: If you need to cancel the renewal, please manually turn off the automatic renewal function in iTunes/AppleID settings management 24 hours before the current subscription expires, or contact Apple customer service (400666-8800): https://supportapplecom/ zh-cn/HT202039, this cancellation will not be able to obtain a refund of the paid membership service fee or any other form of compensation/compensation. Renewal: Apple iTunes account will be debited within 24 hours before expiration. After the deduction is successful, the subscription cycle will be extended by 12 months. The purchased document form editor member cannot use the advanced functions: when you successfully subscribe to the VIP member, if there is a failure to use the paid functions In the case of , please confirm that the logged-in Apple account is correct, uninstall the document form editor, go to the AppStore to log in to the purchase account again, download the document form editor, and then perform the "restore purchase" operation.
6. Information Security
We only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes described in this "Privacy Policy" and for the time limit required by laws and regulations.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.
7. Scope of Application of Privacy Scope
Except for certain specific services, this Privacy Policy applies to all of our services. Specific privacy policies will apply to these specific services. Specific privacy policies for some specific services will be more specific about how we use your information in those services. The privacy policy for that particular service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of the relevant specific service and this "Privacy Policy", the privacy policy of that specific service shall apply.
8. Change
We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the home page or sending you an email or otherwise before the revision takes effect. In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by this revised Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us: chenfeng@palmmob.com.。
Release date: 2021.9.1
Update date: 2021.9.19