Privacy Policy |  Cube Call Recorder (iOS)
Last Revised: 30 Aug, 2022
Cube Call Recorder made available through the App Store and provided by Cube Apps Limited (hereinafter “Cube Apps”, “We”, “Us”) is an application that lets you easily record your incoming and outgoing phone calls.
Cube Apps at Cube Call Recorder (hereinafter “App”) respects your privacy and personal data, and this Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we will process any information we collect from you or that you provide to us.
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us if you have any questions.
Personal Information
We believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights - and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world. That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives. This means that data that directly identifies you - such as your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax - is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you - such as the serial number of your device - is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non-personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how we handle personal data whether you interact with us or through our App or in person.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Cube Apps employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Data Collection
We collect Personal Data you voluntarily provide to us, like your name and email address, when you contact us via email or report a problem in our App.
The App may also collect non-personally identifiable information through App Analytics, such as settings, the version of the app, information about firmware and other non-personally identifiable information. This is important to ensure the correct functioning of the App, its further improvements and bug fixing.
Your Privacy Rights
We respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. If you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Us. We do not sell your data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California.
To exercise your privacy rights contact us at
info@cubeacr.app
.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete some of your data which we are legally obligated to keep a record to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical.
Personal Data Cube Apps Collects from You
We strive to collect only the personal data that we need. The personal data we collect depends on how you interact with us. When you connect to our App or contact us, we may collect some information, including:
-
Contact Information.
Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information;
-
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Cube Apps paid subscriptions and features, date of payment, transaction ID;
-
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type;
-
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data;
-
Advertising informational Data.
Details such as advertising identifier (if applicable);
-
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Cube Apps, including interactions with customer support.
You are not required to provide such personal data. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our services or respond to requests you may have.
Required access
- your phone's microphone and audio source for creating voice memos;
- your contacts to match the recording with the contact's details.
If you upload your recording to cloud storages or websites, the treatment of your personal data is expressed and governed by their Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Data
Cube Apps uses personal data to improve our App, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Cube Apps uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so. Depending on the circumstance, Cube Apps may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact us at
info@cubeacr.app
.
-
Improve our App.
Cube Apps collects personal data necessary to improve our App, which may include personal data collected for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting.
-
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your requested information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
-
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, Cube Apps employees and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud.
-
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law - for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Cube Apps retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or  as required by law. However, please note that, part of the data, namely phone number and records of recent calls, is stored on the Cube Apps' server  until the customer downloads it on his device, only after that it will be removed.
Cube Apps strives to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Cube Apps’ Sharing of Personal Data
Cube Apps may share personal data with Cube Apps’ partners, developers, and publishers, or others at your direction. Cube Apps requires its partners, developers and publishers to protect your personal data.
Protection of Personal Data
Cube Apps believes that great privacy rests on great security. We use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure.
Children and Personal Data
Cube Apps understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an individual under the age of 18 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction.
If we learn that a child's personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
Transfer of Personal Data Between Countries
The App is available in various regions. Therefore, draw your attention to the fact that Cube Apps complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to ensure the protection of your data, wherever they may be.
Limited responsibility
You are not to use the App in any way that might contradict the local and international laws. Please uninstall the App if you have doubts in compliance with legislation.
Local legislation regarding conversation recording may vary in different states and countries. You are responsible to check your local laws and regulations and ensure lawful use. Remove the App if conversation recording is not permitted by law or you are unable to fulfill legal requirements.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated at any time without prior notice. We encourage you to occasionally check it for updates and changes.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
Cube Apps Limited
79 Spyrou Kyprianou Avenue,
Protopapas Building 2nd
floor Office 201,
Limassol 3076,
Cyprus
info@cubeacr.app