Back
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 14, 2025
This privacy policy describes how we, Woo Developments LLC, use your information when you interact with the Unstuck mobile application and website,
becomeunstuck.app
(the ”Services”).
By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
About the information we collect
This is an overview of what type of data we collect and how we use it.
Sensitive personal data
This includes your journal entries. We save this information to enable you to access our Services from multiple devices, to back up your information, and to deliver personalized insights.
No one, except you, will be able to read the text content of your journal entries without your explicit consent.
Email
We collect your email in order to create your account. We may occasionally send informational and promotional messages. We will provide an easy way to stop these messages at any time.
Unstuck is not a data broker and does not sell your email or other data to third parties for payment.
Anonymized usage data
We collect usage information, such as which features people use most often. The data is aggregated and anonymized, so it can’t be traced to any particular individual. We may use this type of data for purposes, including, but not limited to, improving the Services, analyzing trends, and contributing to scientific studies on mental health.
Device data
We record device information used to access the Services, including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, the IP address, your operating system, and the type of mobile internet browser you use. We use this to diagnose and fix any issues with the Services that may arise. We may occasionally send informational and promotional messages to your mobile device via push notifications. We will only do so with your consent.
Use of AI
The services may include features powered by Generative AI.
Data privacy and model training
The data you input into the Services will not be used to train third party AI models.
Improving your experience
To provide more personalized and effective responses, we may use the data to:
Generate better prompts tailored to your needs.
Customize AI interactions based on your preferences and history within the app.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent’s consent before we collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email or a prominent notice on the Services, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us at
support@becomeunstuck.app
.