Privacy Policy
Our app respects and protects the privacy of all users. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, the application will treat this information with care. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the application will not disclose or provide such information to any third party without your prior permission. The app will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to the use of this Application Services Agreement, you agree to all content of this Privacy Policy.
1.WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This privacy policy applies to this application. For the sake of clarity, we have added a link to this Privacy Policy for all applicable services.
Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. This policy applies if a particular service has its own privacy policy - not this privacy policy.
2.INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information you gave us
When you use the app, we may collect personal information about you. This information is necessary for the full performance of the contract between you and us.
We may collect some basic information about you so that you can better use our products, such as birthday, gender, age, spouse, etc. At the same time, you may be asked to agree to our camera, photo album or microphone.
Information we receive from others
social media. When you can use your Facebook, we may receive any information you provide. This data may include sharing our apps on your social network.
Other partners. We may receive information about you from our partners, such as the ads we display in our app.
Information collected when using our services.
We may collect some information about your activity in the app, such as how you use them (the features you've been using, search, click and display pages, reference URLs. Information about your wireless and mobile network connections, for example IP address, device ID and type, advertising ID, etc.
3.HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We only use your information for these services and business related purposes.
(a) We use information to provide and recommend customized content and to personalize your experience through our services. Some of our services may ask you to share your precise location so that we can customize your experience and improve the accuracy of your service. If you agree to share your exact location with us, you can always turn it off via the privacy settings on your mobile device or online.
(b) We use personal information for internal research and development purposes and to improve and test the features and functionality of our services.
(c) For legal and compliance reasons, we may be required to use and retain personal information, such as prevention, investigation or investigation of crime; prevention of loss; or fraud. We may also use personal information to satisfy our internal and external audit requirements, information security purposes, and what we deem necessary or appropriate: (i) in accordance with applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence; (ii) in response to the courts , requests from law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government agencies, which may include such institutions outside of your country of residence; (iii) enforce our terms and conditions; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, security, or Property, or the rights of others.
4.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share personal information unless one of the following conditions applies:
- Get your consent.
- For external processing. We provide personal information to trusted businesses or individuals (such as consultants, astrology content providers, and others) in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy for our purposes.
- For legal reasons. If reasonably needed, we share personal information to:
Comply with any applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures or enforceable government requirements.
Implement applicable terms of service, including investigation of possible violations.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
If the company participates in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and notify affected users before disclosing personal information or being subject to different privacy policies.
5.YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data we may collect. You have the right (with a few exceptions): (i) to request access to and correct or delete your personal information; (ii) to obtain processing restrictions or against the processing of your personal information; (iii) to request the provision of your personal information in digital format s copy. To exercise this right, please contact us at the email at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6.HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We are concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we restrict access to this information to authorized employees who need to know this information in order to operate, develop or improve our application. Please note that although we strive to provide reasonable security for the information we process and maintain, there are no security systems that prevent all potential security breaches. You understand and acknowledge that your risk of submitting any such information via the Internet or posting it on a non-public (restricted or private) page is at your own risk.
7.HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We retain the information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as necessary for the provision of the Services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the Services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
8.PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may occasionally update our privacy policy, which will not affect your use. Please check it in time after receiving the notification.
9. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us e-mail at
RobinMarvin830@yahoo.com
.