Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy Statement explains the personal data collected when using our applications and how they are used. We value your privacy and collect the minimum amount of information you need to provide the best service.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect, use, protect or otherwise process your personal information in accordance with our application.
1.
Collect
I
nformation
When you may collect your personal data and other information through an application or service, as described below:
Personal data that you provide through the App: When you voluntarily provide such information, we may collect your personal data, such as your name, age, address, etc.
By voluntarily providing us with personal data, you consent to our use of this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unrecognizable or aggregated data: When you pass an application or service, we receive and store certain personally unrecognizable information. This information is collected passively using a variety of techniques and cannot be used to specifically identify you. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics to describe our services to current and potential business partners and other third parties for other legitimate purposes.
2.How to use information
We use your personal information to serve you.
Generate and view reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns.
Analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability or popularity of the service,
Improve the content and functionality of the service
Allow us to personalize what you see on the service.
Please note that if you choose not to provide us with certain personal information, we may not be able to provide you with services.
3.How to share your information
We only share your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy in order to provide and improve the Services, to facilitate the merger or sale of our business, or where required by law. As mentioned above, we will not record your browsing data. Here's how we share your information with you and why:
When you launch our app, we may also record your IP address, of course we will automatically delete the IP address after you disconnect.
Any potential or actual acquirer, heir or assignee, as any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, transfer, transfer or other disposition of all or any part of our business, assets or stocks (including bankruptcy or similar procedures) portion.
However, if required by law or in good faith, such behavior is appropriate, we may share personal information we have: (a) in accordance with applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) compliance with legal procedures; Respond to requests from public and government agencies, including public and government agencies outside your country of residence; (
c
) enforce our terms and conditions; (
d
) protect our business or the business of any of our affiliates; (
e
) protect us The rights, privacy, security or property, and/or the rights of our affiliates, you or others; (
f
) allow us to seek available remedies or limit the damages we may suffer.
We may use and disclose aggregated information that is not identified or otherwise relevant to individuals for any purpose, except as prohibited by applicable law.
4.Your rights
You have the right to request us to provide a copy of your personal information in accordance with national/regional laws; Correct, delete or restrict your personal information.
In addition, in some cases, you may object to the processing of your personal information (in particular, we do not need to process the information to meet contractual or other legal requirements, or we use the information for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example, if you disclose a person's personal information request, or if you require us to delete or force us to retain information of legitimate interest (for example, to prevent fraud).
5.How to protect your information
Your personal information is contained behind a secure network and is accessible only to a small number of people with access to such systems and requires confidential information. In addition, all sensitive credit information you provide is encrypted by technology.
When you use the application in any way, we implement various security measures to maintain the security of your personal information.
6.How to store your information
Whenever necessary, we retain the information we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy to meet our business or operational purposes or to comply with legal requirements. We can also choose to analyze some of the information we collect so that it can no longer be identified or attributed to anyone if we want to keep it for a longer period of time.
7.
P
rivacy
P
olicy
C
hanges
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do this, we will modify the update date at the bottom of this page. Users are encouraged to check this page frequently for any changes to stay informed about how we can help protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy and understand the changes on a regular basis.
8.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using Keyboard Arts services, please send a detailed message to
RobinMarvin830@yahoo.com.