Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
5
Loading…
{"id": "1ANAE_Vb5kGDfFdsmoxhDcaYVdkLb_hbJ", "title": "Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 5
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated March 17, 2022
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Sideo App ("we," "us," or "our"). We are
committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any
questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal
information, please contact us at infosideoapp@gmail.com.
This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:
• Download and use our mobile application — Sideo: Video Merger - Combiner
• Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
In this privacy notice, if we refer to:
• "App," we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy,
including any listed above
• "Services," we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales,
marketing, or events
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what
information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any
terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services
immediately.
Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the
information that we collect.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in
obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on
the App or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and
the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information
we collect may include the following:
Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases,
such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code
Page 2 of 5
associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Apple. You may find
their privacy notice link(s) here: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/pdfs/apple-privacy-policy-
en-ww.pdf.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must
notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and
device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our App.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the App. This
information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may
include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics,
operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location,
information about how and when you use our App and other technical information. This
information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for our
internal analytics and reporting purposes.
The information we collect includes:
• Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and
performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use
our App and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log
data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and
information about your activity in the App (such as the date/time stamps associated with
your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which
features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports
(sometimes called 'crash dumps') and hardware settings).
• Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone,
tablet or other device you use to access the App. Depending on the device used, this
device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and
application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet
service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration
information.
Information collected through our App
In Short: We collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use
our App.
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
• Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your
mobile device, including your mobile device's camera, and other features. If you wish to
change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Page 3 of 5
• Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile
device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system
configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type
and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet
Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also collect
information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile
device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
device’s unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed.
• Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account
or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of
communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for
troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the
fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described
below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate
business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or
for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on
next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
• To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to
send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes
to our terms, conditions, and policies.
• To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep
our App safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
• To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with
legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
• To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal
request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with
services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Privacy Policy.pdf
Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy.pdf. Page 1 of 5