Privacy Policy
We
bitbybit LLC
, the creator of this Privacy Policy ensure our commitment to your privacy vis-a-vis the protection of your information. In order to endow you with our services, we may collect and, in some circumstances, disclose information about you. To enhance better protection of your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This Policy shall apply to any user of the site who avails the services offered by and through us, irrespective of whether such user avails services as part of any corporate login/booking enabled by us for personal use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this policy also applies to every End User of our services, through our site. By providing the purchase information of any other person, legal identity, and or corporate body, you represent and warrant that you have all the necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person, legal entity, and or corporate body to enabled us to collect, use and disclose their, his or her information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you shoul contact us at
info@bitbybit.studio
.
1. Overview
We recognize your need for appropiate protection and management of the personally identifiable information("Peronal Information") you share with us. Information that is considered personal about you includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, phone number, or other contact information, etc. In order to use our application, you are required to register yourself by providing certain information.
We comply with Google's API Services User Data Policy and ensure that any Google user data we collect is used solely for providing and improving our application's core functionality.
2. Notification of Modifications and Changes to The Terms and Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy from time to time as seen fit, without any intimation to you, and your continued use of the application will signify your acceptance of any amendment to these terms. You are therefore advised to re-read the Terms of Service on a regular basis. Should it be that you do not accept any of the modifications or amendments to the Terms, you may terminate your use of this application immediately.
3. Browsing This Site
If you browse through this Site without entering any personal data, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally and cannot be linked back to you unless you decide to identify yourself. If you are only browsing, we collect the following information: IP address, the type of browser and operating system used to access this Site, the date and time you access this Site, the pages you visit (click-through), and if you have linked to this Site from another website, the address of that website as well as additional information related to your visit. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with this Site’s server, and to administer this Site.
4. Information We Collect
Once you register, we may request you to give us your demographic information, or other information pertinent to your business. As a user, you are required to provide a valid email address at registration and choose a username or alias that represents your identity on our application/website. For the purposes of billing, we collect relevant financial information such as Credit Card, Bank account details, billing address, etc. Certain information, such as your e-mail addresses and financial information is collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. Email addresses, any information entered in the
Contact Us
form, or any other form displayed on any section of the website are also collected. You as a User are hereby notified that although we collect all information uploaded by the User on the platform, the User alone shall remain responsible for all content to be published on the application made/published using our services. User may request for data deletion by sending a request to info@bitbybit.studio.
5. Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Websites. "Cookies" are small files sited on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". Cookies help us provide information, which is targeted to your interests. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not.
6. External Links on Website
The Website may include hyperlinks to other websites or content or resources. We have no control over any websites or resources, which are provided by companies or persons other than us. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and do not endorse any advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy, or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such websites or resources. These third-party service providers and third-party sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party website, you review the Third Party website’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding the personal information collected by them. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website.
7. Our Use Of Your Information
All of the data you provide is used by us to customize your experience with bitbybit. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Application. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Finally, we may use your IP address to help protect our partners and ourselves from fraud. All information provided by users becomes the property of bitbybit once received and may be used and disclosed as permitted by this Privacy Policy, and or as amended from time to time. We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies in order to identify products or services in which you may have interest, to improve Site user experience, and generally to engage in market research and for other internal business purposes. We may also aggregate your personal information with others' information and prepare reports on Site usage, purchase history, or other factors for sale or distribution to others. Those reports are aggregated and include no personally-identifying information. We will transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, we will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the site before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We may release your personal information to a third party in order to comply with a Court Order or other similar legal procedure, or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law; prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of Our Terms of Use. Without limitation to the foregoing, your information may be used:
(i) To develop, enhance, market, sell or provide our products or services, or those of companies with which we have a commercial relationship;
(ii) To provide tips or guidance on how to use our website, inform you of new features on our website, or provide other information that may be of interest to you;
(iii) To evaluate credit standing and to match credit bureau or credit reporting agency information; to investigate, detect and protect ourselves and other third parties against error, negligence, breach of contract, fraud, theft and other illegal activities.
(iv) To effect a corporate transaction, in connection with the sale, merger, spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation, where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business;
(v) To audit compliance with our policies and contractual obligations;
(vi) As permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions; or for any other purpose to which you consent.
We use data obtained from Google services strictly to operate, maintain, and enhance our application's functionality. We do not use this data for advertising, analytics, or any other purposes unrelated to the core service we provide.
We do not sell, rent, or share Google user data with third parties for marketing or commercial purposes. Any data shared with third-party service providers is solely for the purpose of providing and improving our application's core functionality, and these providers are required to comply with data protection regulations.
Our use of Google user data adheres to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements. For more details, please refer to Google’s policy:
https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy
.
8. Application
You acknowledge that making available the application marks the end of the services being provided by us. We have no control over the application you choose to make available to the public or the loss of information or data from such application once you obtain it from our website. The User is hereby notified that We shall not be liable for any content, including without limitation, any image, video, data, logo, or other representation made on the application created/published using our services. Being user-entered content, we shall in no manner be a party to such content being published and undertake no liability for the same.
9. Our Disclosure Of Your Information
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting and foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties. Under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or the applications. Therefore, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications would always remain private.The following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed:
9.1 External Service Providers:
There may be a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Application(s). If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their private policy.
9.2 Other Corporate Entities:
We share much of our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent and/or subsidiaries that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. Such data will be shared for the sole purpose of enhancing your browsing experience. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. It is possible that We and/or our subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You will receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs).
9.3 Law and Order:
‍
We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability.
9.4 Payment Gateways:
We may use and share the User information with reliable and reputed third-party payment gateway to whom we are associated in order to ensure swift and comfortable payment mechanism for the User. The third-party payment gateway and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information and your credit/debit card details will be handled by these providers. Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
10. Security
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the company. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of our standard security procedures are at your sole risk and discretion.
11. Disclaimer
Though care is taken to safe guard the user data and the application portal as provided to the customers; we will continue to thrive and arrest any form of adversity which might affect the customers. However, in any case of extremities of hardware / application configuration failures; attacks on system integration from foreign bodies/individuals; data theft by any individual / entity within the customer base or outside – We will only be accountable to bring the system back up to normalcy and that it shall not be held liable for any loss or damage in lieu of legal or financial or personal or organizational intent due to such failure. We cannot ensure that all of your information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain private. As a user of the Application, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of this Application.