PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: [26 January 2024]
Thank you for playing our games!
FUNLINKING PTE LTD Limited and its affiliates (collectively “FUNLINKING”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) greatly recognizes and
values the privacy of people (“you”) who visit our websites, use or access our
games, whether played on mobile devices, PCs, our websites or other approved
platforms, and/or otherwise use or access any of our provided services (collectively
the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”)
describes why and how we collect, store, and use your personal information, and
the choices and rights you have about the personal information you provide or
we collect in connection with the Services.
This Policy applies to all our
Services. Certain
Services may have different, Service-specific privacy polices posted, or may
require you to agree with and accept such additional policies. If there is a
conflict between this Policy and specific policies, the applicable policies
will take precedence with respect to your use of, or access to, such Service.
By accessing our websites or
otherwise using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood
and accepted the following terms and that you voluntarily and explicitly agree
that we process your relevant information in accordance with this Policy. If
you do not agree to any of the terms hereunder, some basic functions in the
Services may not be able to run normally, which may prevent you from using
them. If you do not agree to the processing of your personal information in the
way this Policy describes, please do not provide your information when
requested and stop using the Services.
1.    Types of Personal Information We Use
1.1
Information you provide us
.
When you register for the Services (such as username, email address, or custom accounts and information we import from your connected social media account (e.g., WeChat, Facebook, Google, Twitter, iTunes) in order to save your account from being lost);
When you log in as a ‘guest’ in order to use the Services (such as your nickname);
When you
participate in a survey in the Services (in which case we will process the
information you provide to us as part of the survey);
Information you provide when seeking help from us (such as records of the issues you experience);
Where applicable, billing information (such as your name, payment card number, and payment account details).
1.2
Information we collect about you
.
We automatically collect certain data from you when you use our Services,
including your IP address and device information (such as application version,
network type, operating system, browser type and language) and information regarding
your use of the Services, such as date and time stamps of actions. We also
collect and store your data each time you interact with us, for example, when
you use in-app support to communicate with us.
1.3
Information you generate and display in the course of using the Services
.
You may
provide additional information as part of your profile (such as gender). You
may also provide or generate information when you communicate with other users
in the Services (e.g., chat log data, chat content).
1.4
Data we collect from our partners
.
Data we receive if
you link a third party tool with the Service (such as WeChat, Facebook, Google,
Twitter, iTunes);
Demographic data
(such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address);
Data to fight fraud
(such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising);
Data from platforms
that the games run on or data from payment service providers (such as to verify
payment);
Data for
advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better service;
Data that you have
made available to us from a third party service (such as WeChat, Facebook,
Google, Twitter, iTunes) via your privacy settings.
1.5
Cookies
.
We may use
cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, log files, scripts
and eTags) to enhance your experience using the Services. Cookies are small
files which, when placed on your device, enable us to provide certain features
and functionality. You have the option to permit the installation of such cookies
or subsequently disable them. You may accept all cookies, or instruct the
device to provide notice at the time of installation of cookies, or refuse to
accept all cookies by adjusting the relevant cookie retention function in your
device. However, in the event of your refusal to install cookies, Services may
be unable to operate as designed.
1.6
Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
.
In
accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we may collect and use some
necessary personal information without your authorization and consent under the
following conditions:
if it is directly
related to national security and national defense security;
if it is directly
related to public security, public health and major public interests;
if it is directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of
judgment;
if this information
aims to safeguard your or others' personal life, property, and other important
legitimate rights and interests, but it is very difficult to obtain your
consent;
if the personal
information involved is open to the public on your own;
if this information
is necessary to sign and fulfil a contract according to your requirements;
if your personal
information is collected from lawfully and publicly disclosed information such
as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
if this information
is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the Services such as
detecting and handling product or service faults;
other conditions
prescribed by applicable laws and regulations.
2.       How We Use Your Personal Information
We will use the information in the following ways:
User Nickname: We
use this information to create your account for the Services in accordance with
your request;
Social Connect
Information: We use this information to create your account for the Services in
accordance with your request;
Generated Open ID: We use this to store your Services data (including level and progress) with your profile;
Game Play
Statistics (Level, Score/s): We use this information to provide you with
feedback and information about your gameplay and progress;
IP Address: We use
this information to improve our Services, including the functionality of the
Services;
Device ID, Device
Information: We use this information to improve our Services, including the
functionality of the Services; for security and verification purposes; identify
and address bugs and assess game function for optimization; and to combat users
registering for multiple accounts;
Advertising ID: If you click on a link that advertises the Services, we may store the Advertising ID for that advertisement with your profile;
Chat Data: If you
enable chat services then we will process such data in order to deliver your
messages to other users;
Transaction Records:
We use this information to maintain a record of your transaction history;
Customer Support: We
use this information to improve our Services; provide troubleshooting such as
addressing and remediating technical issues and bugs;
Security-Related
Information: We use this information for security and verification purposes;
identify and address bugs and assess game function for optimize action; solve
game crashes and optimize compatibility of devices with the game; and to combat
users registering for multiple accounts;
Survey Information
and Content of Survey Responses: We use this information to improve our Services;
Malicious Content
Information: We collect this information to avoid some words that may offend or
distress others via your signature, nickname, or chat data within our Services.
3.       Why We Collect and Process Your Personal Information
In order to provide Services, perform
the Terms and/or any other agreements between you and FUNLINKING, and/or perform
the legal liabilities under the applicable laws and regulations, we collect and
process your personal information to:
allow you to access or restrict your access to our Services;
analyze
and manage our Services for system administration, user service, security,
fraud-detection, checking the authenticity of an account owner, archival and/or
backup purposes;
correct
bugs or errors, improve our Services and respond to customer desires and
preferences, including language and location customization, personalized
support and instructions, and other responses;
develop
new services or products that user(s) request and improve the user experience;
verify
and confirm payment; however, we will not deal with any payment made for any
purchase within the application and access your credit card information.
Payment transactions for any purchase within the application are typically done
at the application store through your App Store or Google Play account. Any
post-purchase processing is controlled by the Apple and Google stores and other
payment service providers and is subject to specific service terms of such
payment service providers. Please review the privacy policies and service terms
of the Apple and Google stores and other payment service providers chosen by
you;
deliver
advertising that may be relevant to your interests, if applicable;
communicate
with other users and take action against violations;
personalize
your experience, keep you up to date with the latest product announcements,
provide software verification, upgrades and administration, notify of special
events, offer to participate in our surveys or activities, and provide other
information pertaining to our Services;
protect
the integrity, safety, and security of our Services or users, comply with legal
obligations, and enforce compliance with the Terms or other restrictions placed
on your use of our Services; and/or
track
your process across our websites and applications to verify that you are not a
bot and to optimize our Services.
For the purposes set forth above,
our affiliates may be commissioned to process your information, provided that
such affiliates comply with the terms and conditions hereunder
.
In all of the above cases and
purposes, you acknowledge and confirm that we may analyze, profile, segment,
merge and/or update all collected data (regardless of an aggregated or
individualized manner) for the purposes of improving service quality and
providing a better experience.
In specific cases, we may collect
other personal information apart from the categories stated herein based on
your consent. When this occurs, we will, upon requiring your additional
consent, provide more information about any change to the way or purpose of our
collection or processing which might be different from or not clarified in the
details in this Policy.
Under any circumstance where our
collection or processing of your personal information is based on your consent,
you may withdraw such consent at any time
with no impact on the validity and
lawfulness of collection or processing based on the consent made before its
withdrawal
.
4.       How We Share Your Personal Information
In addition to us and our affiliates,
other parties may also access your personal information in the following
situations.
You
acknowledge that you have foreseen and agreed to the occurrence of such
disclosure when you provide your personal information:
Other players and
users. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game
activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners working
for FUNLINKING. FUNLINKING has partners to perform services for us. These
partners process your data at and according to FUNLINKING’s instructions to
provide the Services, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics
and fraud prevention.
Other companies and
public authorities. In order
to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies
and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful
requests. We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with
the laws and regulations or to protect the rights, property or safety of us,
our players or others.
Law enforcement
agencies, public authorities or other judicial bodies and organizations.
Third party that
acquires all or substantially all of us or our business. We will disclose information
to a third party in the event that we sell or buy any business or undergo a
merger, in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective buyer of
such business. We will also disclose information to a third party if we sell,
buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all
of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the
transferred assets.
5.      Data Retention
We will only store your information
as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information is
collected and processed or where the applicable laws or regulations provides
for longer storage and retention period. Upon the expiration of such period,
your personal information will be deleted, blocked or anonymized, as provided
by applicable laws and regulations.
You acknowledge and agree that your
data will be processed on our servers which may not be located in your country
of residence and can be accessed by our support, engineering and/or our affiliates
around the world. No matter where our servers are located, we will make great
efforts to take the appropriate safeguards to guarantee your rights in
conformity with this Policy and any applicable laws and regulations.
In the case you request to remove or
delete your personal information, we will retain your data as long as necessary
for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce the agreements between you and
us. Please note that the removal or deletion of any of your data may result in
the termination of some of our applicable Services.
6.       Your Rights
You have legal rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you (to
the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations). To
exercise any of your rights, please contact us via email listed in
Contact & Complaints below.
6.1
Access
.
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you. You can access
the personal information you have made available as part of your account by
logging into your account in the Services. If you believe we hold any other
personal information about you, please contact us via email listed in
Contact & Complaints below.
6.2
Portability
.
You have the right to receive a copy of certain personal information we process
about you. You also have the right to request that we transfer that personal
information to another party.
If you wish for us to transfer such personal information to a third party, please
ensure you detail that party in your request. Note that we can only do so where
it is technically feasible. Please note that we may not be able to provide you
with personal information if providing it would interfere with another’s rights
(e.g., where providing the personal information we hold about you would reveal
information about another person or our trade secrets or intellectual
property).
6.3
Correction
.
You have the right to correct any personal information held about you that is
inaccurate. You can access the personal information you have made available as
part of your account by logging into your account in the Services. If you
believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information
is inaccurate, please
contact us via email listed in Contact & Complaints below.
6.4
Erasure
.
You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information, by logging
into your account in the Services. If there is any other personal information
you believe we process that you would like us to erase, please contact us
via email listed in Contact & Complaints below.
However, we may need to retain personal information if there are valid grounds under data protection laws for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims or freedom of expression) but we will let you know if that is the case.
6.5
Restriction of Processing
to Storage Only
.
You
have the right to require us to stop processing the personal information we
hold about you other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances. Please
note, however, that if we stop processing the personal information, we may use
it again if there are valid grounds under data protection laws for us to do so
(e.g., for the defense of legal claims or for another’s protection). As above,
where we agree to stop processing the personal information, we will try to tell
any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant personal information so
that they can stop processing it too.
6.6
Objection
.
You have the right to object to our processing of personal information about you.
We will consider your request by contacting us via email listed in Contact
& Complaints below.
6.7
Announcements
.
We may from time to time send you announcements when we consider it necessary to
do so (such as when we temporarily suspend Services access for maintenance, or
security, privacy or administrative-related communications). You may not
opt-out of these service-related announcements, which are not promotional in
nature.
Respond to your above-mentioned request
To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove
your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity and then process your
request. We will reply within a reasonable time limit. We do not charge any fee
in principle for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost for
repeated requests that exceed a reasonable limit. We may refuse requests that
are repeated for no reason, need excessive technical means (for example, needing
to develop new systems or fundamentally changing the existing practices), pose
a risk to others’ legitimate rights and interests, or are highly impractical
(for example, involving information that is stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request under the following conditions, as
required by applicable laws and regulations:
if it is directly
related to national security and national defense security;
if it is directly
related to public security, public health and major public interests;
if it is directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of
judgment;
if there is
sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malicious intent or abuse
rights;
if responding to
your request will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and
interests of you or any other person or organization;
if business secrets
are involved;
other cases where
we have reasonable grounds to refuse.
7.       Securing Your Data
Pertaining to your use of our Services,
we have endeavored to take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access
to or improper use of your personal information.
Unfortunately, the transmission of
information via the internet is not completely secure. While we strive to
protect your personal information, we also remind you to be aware of hacking,
cyber-attacks, and other risks on the Internet.
Therefore, we strongly urge you to
take every possible precaution to protect your personal information when using
our Services, including but not limited to changing your passwords from time to
time, not reflecting your real name or other personal information in
registration, using a combination of letters and numbers when creating
passwords, using a secure browser and/or taking other possible security
measures.
Please be aware that advertisers or
websites with links to and/or from our websites may collect personal
information about you and this Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the
activities of, those other advertisers or websites. We highly recommend that
you read the privacy policy of such third-party websites which you may be
directed to before providing any personal information.
8.       Age Limits and Children Protection
You agree that if you are under the
age of legal majority where you access the Services, you represent that your parent or guardian has read, understood,
and agreed to this Policy.
If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review
personal information collected from your child, or have that information
modified or deleted, you may contact us as by contacting us via email
listed in Contact & Complaints below.
9.    Links to Sites and Services Operated by Others
Services may contain links to other sites, applications, and services, including
functions that enable you to share our Services or access our Services using a
third-party online service. These functions may collect your relevant
information (including your log information) and install cookies on your
computer to run the above-mentioned functions properly. Because we do not
operate those other sites, applications, and services, we cannot take
responsibility for the privacy practices of the entities that operate them. We
recommend that you consistently check privacy policies to understand an
operator’s practices. As a reminder, this policy describes FUNLINKING’s
practices.
10.    Changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we make material changes in the
way we collect, use, retain or share your personal information, we will notify
you by posting modification to the Policy or notice of the changes on the Services
covered by this Policy.
By continuing to access or use our Services after we
have posted a modification to this Policy or have provided you with notice of a
modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified
terms.
If the modified terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse
is to cease using our Services.
11.    International Transfer
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws and regulations, we may
transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to
other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to
other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these
countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your
own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place
to enable transfer of information and the use and disclosure of information
about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
12.    Contact & Complaints
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed. Please contact us
via email listed below.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal
information, please contact us in the first instance at
[
bleachzzq20230324@163.com
]
and we
will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible.