Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Data we use
Vacancy policy
Privacy policy
IdeaBits LLC respects the privacy of its users and is fully committed to protecting their personal data. This Privacy Policy explains how IdeaBits LLC (“
IdeaBits LLC
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) processes information about individuals, including personal data, in relation to the use of the IdeaBits LLC.com website and the fleet management solution (“
Service
”). Here you will find detailed information about what type of information we collect and why, what we do with it, and what are your rights.
The controller of your personal data is the IdeaBits LLC group entity to which your personal data has been submitted on the basis of a contractual or pre-contractual relationship, or whose Services you use or intend to use. You can see our contacts in the
Contact information
section.
1. Information we process
1.1. IdeaBits LLC collects, generates and receives information in a variety of ways when you use the Service, place an order or visit our website. Some of this information constitutes personal data.
1.2. When you set up an account with IdeaBits LLC or place an order, you provide us with the following information, containing your personal data:
1.2.1. full name;
1.2.2. e-mail address;
1.2.3. payment information;
1.2.4. phone number;
1.2.5. shipping/billing address;
1.2.6. any other information, which you provide for this purpose.
1.3. Some information may be processed while you use our Service. Depending on the scope and configuration of IdeaBits LLC Service, this information may also contain your personal data:
1.3.1. your vehicle data (for example, make, type and brand of the vehicle, mileage, technical information, etc.);
1.3.2. driver’s data (location, routes, driving habits, speed, direction, etc.);
1.3.3. digital tachograph and driver’s data and activities (for example, driver’s license number, name, time spent on breaks, start, stop and end time of driving, driving duration, tachograph calibration, tachograph manufacturer, information on tachograph control, absence calendar, etc.);
1.3.4. web browser data (for example, IP address, browser type, version, etc.);
1.3.5. other data, which we can receive during the use of our Service and which, in connection with other information, may contain personal data (for example, temperature data, fuel sensor data, etc.).
1.4. Upon configuring your IdeaBits LLC account settings, you may provide us some information that may contain personal data:
1.4.1. Driver’s data (for example, name, e-mail address, phone number, birth date, driver’s license number, digital tachograph card number and other data, which you have provided);
1.4.2. vehicle fleet data, according to your use and configuration of IdeaBits LLC Service;
1.4.3. communication history with you;
1.4.4. other information, which may contain your personal data (for example, location, time zone, photo etc.).
1.5. You can choose to integrate third-party services in relation to certain aspects of IdeaBits LLC Service. A third-party service is a software that integrates with the Service and you can enable or disable such integration for your IdeaBits LLC account. Once enabled, the relevant third-party service provider may share or receive certain information (including importing or exporting). You should check the privacy settings of these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us.
1.6. Upon visiting our website, we may collect and process the following information that may contain your personal data:
1.6.1. your device and browser;
1.6.2. your IP address;
1.6.3. other information that is collected from cookies and similar technology we use. Learn more about how we use cookies on our website by reading our
Cookie Policy
.
2. Purposes of processing
2.1. IdeaBits LLC will process your personal data to deliver the products, provide the Service, improve it, solve any Service-related issues you may have, and ensure that you receive the best customer experience possible.
2.2. IdeaBits LLC collects and processes your personal data for the following purposes:
to register you for the use of the Service, verify your identity and create your IdeaBits LLC account;
to deliver the products, send invoices and process payments;
to personalize your use of the Service when you set up your account settings;
to analyze your preference or use of the Service;
to communicate with you to inform you about IdeaBits LLC Service and provide you any Service related support, answer your questions and process your requests;
to improve Service or to develop new features within the Service;
to analyze and measure how our Service is used. For example, we analyze data about your usage of the Service to optimize product design, to generate reports and create statistics;
to deliver personalized ads, promotions and offers to you;
to protect legal interests of IdeaBits LLC, its users and other third parties and for legal reasons such as, e.g. enforcing our Terms & Conditions, agreements or policies, complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement authorities.
3. Legal grounds for processing
3.1. IdeaBits LLC only collects and processes your personal data where we have lawful basis. Legal grounds for the processing of your personal data vary depending on the specific group of data and the purposes for processing it. Note that we may be processing the same personal data for several purposes simultaneously and, respectively, on more than one legal ground.
3.1.1. Contract. Most of the time, the legal basis for processing your personal data is the contractual relationship between you (as the recipient of products or the user of Service) and IdeaBits LLC- since we need certain information to conclude the contract and fulfil our obligations arising out of this contract.
3.1.2. Legal obligation. In some cases, IdeaBits LLC processes personal data on basis of legal obligations, imposed on us by applicable law, such as financial and tax reporting obligations, or if we have to respond to legal process.
3.1.3. Legitimate interests. Processing of your personal data is necessary for pursuing legitimate interests of IdeaBits LLC or the legitimate interests of third parties, always ensuring that such processing shall not outweigh your rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your data for marketing purposes based on our legitimate interest of developing and improving our business. Other legitimate interests include maintaining Service to meet the needs of our users and clients, advertising to make our Service freely available for users, detecting and preventing fraud, abuse, security and technical issues with the Service, fulfilling obligations to our partners, enforcing legal claims, etc.
3.1.4. Consent. When you subscribe to our blog or newsletter, we will send you information, for example, our news, promotions or offers, based on your consent. Note that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe link provided in the e-mail or by contacting us.
4. Retention period
IdeaBits LLC will process your personal data for as long as any of the above-mentioned legal basis for data processing exist. At the end of this period, IdeaBits LLC will delete your data.
5. Sharing your personal data with third parties
5.1. To provide the Service and deliver the products, we work with third parties with whom we may share personal data. The categories of third-party recipients (controllers or processors) of personal data include delivery, insurance, hosting and server co-location service providers, communication and content delivery networks, data and cyber security service providers, billing and payment processing service providers, fraud detection and prevention service providers, web analytics, email distribution and monitoring service providers, session recording service, advertising and marketing service providers, IT, legal and financial advisors, among others (“
Third-Party Service Providers
”).
5.2. Third-Party Service Providers only receive the minimum amount of personal data as necessary for them to provide us the requested service. IdeaBits LLC shares personal data only with such Third-Party Service Providers that have undertaken to comply with obligations set out in this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws.
5.3. In certain situations, we might have a legal obligation to share your information with third parties, if it is required by law or when information is requested by public authorities.
5.4. Personal data processed by IdeaBits LLC may be transferred to Third-Party Service Providers that are located outside of European Union. In such cases IdeaBits LLC will only share personal data with such recipients that have undertaken to comply with the necessary data protection requirements and that are able to ensure an adequate level of protection or have provided adequate guarantees.
6. Your rights
6.1. You have the right to request access to your personal data and to correct, amend, delete, transfer, or limit the use of your personal data by logging into your IdeaBits LLC account or by reaching us using the contact information provided below. Before providing information, we may be required to verify your identity, thus we may require additional information.
6.2. If you believe that we have processed your personal data unlawfully, you have the right to submit a complaint to the contact information provided below, or to the respective data protection supervisory authority.
6.3. Provision of personal data is a requirement necessary to receive the Service and to enter into a contract with IdeaBits LLC.
Cookie policy
IdeaBits LLC website uses cookies. If you have agreed, in addition to cookies that ensure the functioning of the website, other cookies, such as web beacons, pixels or similar storage technology may be placed on your computer or another device from which you access our webpage. This Cookie Policy describes what types of cookies we use on our website and for what purposes.
IdeaBits LLC website uses different kind of cookies:
Strictly Necessary cookies,
Analytical cookies,
Marketing cookies.
You can set each cookie category (except strictly necessary) by clicking on the “cookie settings” button below:
1. What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files created by the website, downloaded to and stored on any internet-enabled device – such as your computer, smartphone or tablet – when you visit our homepage. The browser you're on uses the cookies to forward information back to the website at each subsequent visit for the website to recognize the user and to remember the user’s choices (for example, login information, language preferences and other settings). This can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you.
2. What types of cookies do we use and for what purposes do we use them?
We use different types of cookies to run our website. The cookies indicated below may be stored in your
browser.
Strictly necessary cookies
. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be
switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which
amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not
then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytical cookies
. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and
improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular
and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and
therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. For analytical purposes, we may use third party
cookies. These cookies are stored permanently on the user’s device.
Marketing cookies
. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may
be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other
sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your
browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising. These cookies are stored permanently on the user’s device.
3. Third-party cookies
Our website uses third-party services, for example, for analytics services so we would know what is popular on our website and what is not, thus making the website more usable. You can learn more about these cookies and their privacy policy by visiting the website of the respective third party. All information processed from third-party cookies is processed by the respective service provider. At any point in time, you have the right to opt-out from data processing by third party cookies. For more information, please see the next section of this Cookie Policy.
We may use Google Analytics cookies to help measure how users interact with our website content. These cookies collect information about the user's interaction with the website, such as unique visits, returning visits, length of the session, actions carried in the webpage, and others.
We may also use Facebook pixels to process information about the user’s actions on our website, such as a visited webpage, the user’s Facebook ID, browser data, and others. The information processed from Facebook pixels is used to display interest-based ads when you are using Facebook as well as to measure cross-device conversions and learn about users’ interactions with our webpage, and others.
4. How to control cookies?
When visiting our website, you are presented with an informative statement that the website uses cookies and given the possibility to adjust the use of cookies by clicking Cookie Setting. You can also delete all cookies stored in your browser and set up your browser to block cookies being saved. By clicking on the “help” button in your browser, you can find instructions on how to prevent the browser from storing cookies, as well as what cookies are stored already and delete them if you want to. You must change the settings for each browser that you use.
However, please note that without saving certain cookies, it is possible that you will not be able to fully use all the features and services on IdeaBits LLC’s website.
You can separately opt-out from having your website activity available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which prevents sharing information about your website visit with Google Analytics. Link to the add-on and for more information:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881
.
Furthermore, if you want to opt-out from interest-based, behavioural advertising, you can do so by using one of the following tools based on the region you are in. Please note that this is a third-party tool that will save its own cookies on your devices and IdeaBits LLC is not responsible for their Privacy Policy.
For more information and opt-out options, please visit:
US –
Digital Advertising Alliance
Canada –
Digital Advertising Alliance
EU –
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
5. Cookie policy changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy. Amendments and/or additions to this Cookie Policy will come into force when published on our website.
By continuing to use our website and/or our services after changes have been made to this Cookie Policy, you are indicating your consent to the new wording in the Cookie Policy. It is your responsibility to regularly check the content of this policy to learn about any changes.
Data we use
This personal data processing agreement (“Agreement”) contains personal data processing terms between IdeaBits LLC and any company, organization, institution or any legal person (“Client”) that uses IdeaBits LLC vehicle fleet management services (“Service”) to monitor and process personal data of their employees or other individuals within their IdeaBits LLC account while using the Service.
The processor of personal data is the IdeaBits LLC group entity to which the Client has a contractual relationship or whose Services the Client uses. See our contacts in the
Contact information
section.
1. Subject of the Agreement
1.1. Client as the data controller instructs IdeaBits LLC to process personal data in order to provide Service to the Client pursuant to the Service agreement concluded between the Client and IdeaBits LLC. In respect of personal data obtained from the Client or IdeaBits LLC system during the provision of Services, Client acts as data controller and IdeaBits LLC as data processor.
1.2. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement contains complete and final instructions of the Client to IdeaBits LLC in relation to processing of personal data of Client’s data subjects, and therefore constitutes a binding data processing agreement in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and regulations.
1.3. When IdeaBits LLC processes personal data on behalf of the Client as data controller, any enquiry, request, objection or complaint that a data subject (for example, an employee of the Client) may have in connection with the processing of personal data regarding the Service should be addressed to and resolved by the Client.
2. Purposes of processing
2.1. IdeaBits LLC processes personal data in order to provide the Service, improve it, solve any Service related issues the Client may have and ensure that the Client receives the best customer experience possible.
2.2. IdeaBits LLC collects and processes personal data for the following, but not limited, purposes:
to register Client for the use of the Service, to verify identity and create a IdeaBits LLC account;
to send Client invoices and process payments for the Service;
to personalize Client’s use of the Service when the account settings are set up;
to analyze Client’s preference or use of the Service;
to communicate with Client or data subject to inform about IdeaBits LLC Service and provide any Service related support, answer questions and process requests;
to improve Service or to develop new features;
to analyze and measure how IdeaBits LLC Service is used. For example, IdeaBits LLC analyzes data about the usage of the Service to optimize product design, to generate reports and create statistics;
to deliver personalized ads, promotions and offers;
to protect legal interests of IdeaBits LLC, its users and other third parties and for legal reasons such as, e.g. enforcing our Terms & Conditions, agreements or policies, complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement authorities.
3. Types of personal data and data subject categories
3.1.	IdeaBits LLC collects, generates and receives information in a variety of ways when the Client uses the Service or places an order. Some of this information constitutes personal data.
3.2.	Data subject categories include Client’s employees, representatives and other data subjects that will be registered under Client’s account.
3.3.	Client ensures that it has acquired all necessary consents and/or relies on other appropriate legal grounds for the processing of personal data of data subjects. Client confirms that data subjects have been informed about the fact that their personal data is transferred to IdeaBits LLC as a processor and other third parties (sub-processors) used by IdeaBits LLC for the provision of Service.
3.4.	When setting up an account with IdeaBits LLC or placing an order, the Client provides IdeaBits LLC with the following information, containing personal data:
3.4.1. name/ company name;
3.4.2. e-mail address;
3.4.3. payment information;
3.4.4. phone number;
3.4.5. shipping/billing address;
3.4.6. any other information provided to IdeaBits LLC for this purpose.
3.5.	Some information may be processed while the Client or data subject (for example, Client’s employee) uses the Service. Depending on the scope and configuration of IdeaBits LLC Service, this information may also contain personal data:
3.5.1. vehicle data (for example, make, type and brand of the vehicle, mileage, technical information, etc.);
3.5.2. driver’s data (location, routes, driving habits, speed, direction, etc.);
3.5.3. digital tachograph and driver’s data and activities (for example, driver’s license number, name, time spent on breaks, start, stop and end time of driving, driving duration, tachograph calibration, tachograph manufacturer, information on tachograph control, absence calendar, etc.);
3.5.4. data subject’s web browser data (for example, IP address, browser type, version, etc.);
3.5.5. other data, which IdeaBits LLC can receive during the use of the Service and which, in connection with other information may contain personal data (for example, temperature data, fuel sensor data, etc.).
3.6.	Upon using or configuring IdeaBits LLC account settings, the Client may provide some information that may contain personal data:
3.6.1. Client’s employee’s (driver’s) data (for example, name, e-mail address, phone number, birth date, the used vehicle fleet and used vehicle, driver’s license number, digital tachograph card number and other data, which has been provided);
3.6.2. vehicle fleet data, according to the use and configuration of IdeaBits LLC Service;
3.6.3. communication history with the Client and data subject;
3.6.4. other information, which the Client may provide to IdeaBits LLC and which, in connection with other information may contain personal data (for example, vehicle fleet control sheets, location, time zone, photo etc.).
3.7.	The Client can choose to integrate third-party services in relation to certain aspects of IdeaBits LLC Service. A third-party service is a software that integrates with the Service and the Client can enable or disable such integration for IdeaBits LLC account. Once enabled, the relevant third-party service provider may share or receive certain information (including importing or exporting). The Client should check the privacy settings of these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to IdeaBits LLC.
4. Duration of processing and retention period
4.1. IdeaBits LLC will process the aforementioned data for as long as IdeaBits LLC provides the Service to the Client and the Client has an active IdeaBits LLC account. However, personal data can be deleted at any time upon Client’s request.
4.2. Unless the applicable law requires, IdeaBits LLC has no obligation to store Client’s personal data after the termination of contract with the Client. After terminating the contract, IdeaBits LLC may continue to store some personal data, limited to the minimum amount required, for IdeaBits LLC to comply with legal obligations, to ensure reliable back-up systems, resolve dispute between the Client and IdeaBits LLC, if any, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce IdeaBits LLC agreements, and/or to pursue legitimate interests of IdeaBits LLC or third parties.
5. Sharing personal data with third parties
5.1.	For IdeaBits LLC to be able to provide the Service, IdeaBits LLC works with third parties that provide IdeaBits LLC with different services needed in ordinary course of business. The categories of third-party recipients (sub-processors) of personal data include hosting and server co-location service providers, communication and content delivery networks, data and cyber security service providers, billing and payment processing service providers, fraud detection and prevention service providers, web analytics, email distribution and monitoring service providers, session recording service, advertising and marketing service providers, IT, legal and financial advisors, among others (“Third-Party Service Providers”).
5.2.	Third-Party Service Providers only receive a minimum amount of personal data necessary for them to provide IdeaBits LLC the requested service. IdeaBits LLC shares personal data only with such Third-Party Service Providers that have undertaken to comply with the data protection obligations set out in this Agreement, provide sufficient guarantees and implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, and otherwise comply with applicable personal data protection laws. IdeaBits LLC remains responsible for the processing of personal data carried out by Third-Party Service Providers that IdeaBits LLC has engaged for respective data processing in accordance with applicable laws.
5.3.	The Client provides general authorization to IdeaBits LLC to engage Third-Party Service Providers or sub-processors. The Client can access information about IdeaBits LLC Third-Party Service Providers in his IdeaBits LLC account, where it is possible to subscribe to notifications for changes in IdeaBits LLC sub-processor list, as well as information on Client’s right to object to such changes. In case the Client objects to the engagement of a new sub-processor, the Client and IdeaBits LLC will find a solution for further data processing to a limited extent without the use of the particular sub-processor or, if such a solution cannot be found, agree on the termination of the Service in accordance with the terms of termination specified in the Service contract.
5.4.	In certain situations, IdeaBits LLC might have a legal obligation to share Client’s information with third parties, if it is required by law or when the information is requested by public authorities.
5.5.	Personal data processed by IdeaBits LLC may be transferred to Third-Party Service Providers that are located outside of European Union. In such cases IdeaBits LLC will only share personal data with such recipients that have undertaken to comply with the necessary data protection requirements and that are able to ensure an adequate level of protection or have provided adequate guarantees.
6. IdeaBits LLC obligations and assistance to the controller
6.1.	IdeaBits LLC uses reasonable and appropriate organizational, technical, and administrative measures in accordance with applicable data protection laws in order to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal data. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system is guaranteed to be 100% secure, therefore IdeaBits LLC encourages the Client to take care of the personal data in its possession that is processed online and set strong passwords for IdeaBits LLC account, limit access to computer and browser by signing off after finishing the session, and avoid providing IdeaBits LLC with any sensitive information whose disclosure could cause substantial harm to the data subject.
6.2.	All of IdeaBits LLC’s authorized personnel involved in the processing of Client’s and third person’s personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality obligations and shall not access or otherwise process personal data without the Client’s authorization if it’s not for the purposes of providing the Service.
6.3.	In the event of a personal data breach, IdeaBits LLC will notify the Client in accordance with the obligations set out in applicable laws and will provide reasonable assistance regarding the investigations of the personal data breach and the notification to the supervisory authority and data subjects regarding such personal data breach.
6.4.	Taking into account the nature of the processing, IdeaBits LLC will assist the Client with provision of technical or organizational measures, insofar as possible, for the fulfilment of Client’s obligations as a data controller in relation to:
6.4.1. any requests from the Client’s data subjects in respect of access to or the rectification, erasure, restriction, portability, blocking or deletion of their personal data that IdeaBits LLC processes on behalf of the Client. In the event that a data subject sends such a request directly to IdeaBits LLC, IdeaBits LLC will promptly forward such request to the Client;
6.4.2. the investigation of personal data breach and the notification to the supervisory authority and Client’s data subjects regarding such personal data breach;
6.4.3. where appropriate, the preparation of data protection impact assessments and, where necessary, carrying out consultations with any supervisory authority.
7. Data processing audit
7.1. Upon Client’s request IdeaBits LLC agrees to provide sufficient information to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in this Agreement and applicable data protection laws. This information should be provided to the extent that such information is within IdeaBits LLC’s control and IdeaBits LLC is not precluded from disclosing it by applicable law, a duty of confidentiality, or any other obligation owed to a third party.
7.2. If the provided information, in Client’s reasonable judgment, is not sufficient to confirm IdeaBits LLC’s compliance with this Agreement, then IdeaBits LLC agrees to allow and contribute to data processing audit.
7.3. Such audit will be carried out by independent third party with good market reputation, which has experience and competence to carry out data processing audits and confirmed by both IdeaBits LLC and the Client.
7.4. Such audit will be carried out at the time agreed between the Client and IdeaBits LLC within 2 (two) months from the moment the Client has requested the audit in writing. The auditor will have to sign a confidentiality agreement which includes obligation not to disclose business information in its audit report which will also be provided to IdeaBits LLC. The audit will be carried out during normal working hours of IdeaBits LLC, without interfering with IdeaBits LLC’s business activities. The Client has the right to request the audit once every 2 years. All expenses regarding to the audit shall be borne by the Client.
8. Amendments to the Agreement
8.1. IdeaBits LLC may occasionally change this Agreement, for example, in cases new services or features are introduced. In case of amendments or any changes, IdeaBits LLC will inform the Client in due time by sending an electronic notification to the Client’s representative and indicating the nature and scope of the amendments. The amendments to this Agreement are applied from the moment, which is indicated in this section of the webpage.
8.2. By continuing to use IdeaBits LLC Service or otherwise providing personal data to IdeaBits LLC, after the amendments to this Agreement have been implemented, the Client agrees to the updated terms of the Agreement.
9. Governing law
9.1. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Latvia, and any action or proceeding related to this Agreement (including those arising from non-contractual disputes or claims) will be brought in the courts of the Republic of Latvia.
Vacancy policy
This Privacy Policy explains how IdeaBits LLC (“IdeaBits LLC”, “we”, “us”) processes information about you during the recruitment process when you apply for a IdeaBits LLC vacancy. Here you will also find information about your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us.
The controller of your personal data is the IdeaBits LLC group entity to which your personal data has been submitted in connection with the recruitment process. You can see our contacts in the
Contact information
section.
1. What personal data we process?
1.1. During the recruitment process we may process:
Information that you provide when you apply to a vacancy (personal data in your CV, application letter and any other information that you have added to the application);
Information that you provide during the interview or at any other time, when we communicate with you during the recruitment process; Information that you provide while doing the practical or technical task;
References or recommendations we receive from the people you have indicated;
Any other information you give us in order to apply for the vacancy or internship.
1.2. We do not require any special category personal data (data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic, biometric, health data or data concerning person's sex life or sexual orientation). But if you choose to provide such information, we will process it according to this Privacy Policy.
1.3. If it is reasonably necessary, we may look up information about you, your skills, experience, qualifications or any other information that you have posted and made publicly available on social networking sites, for example LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.
2. Purpose for personal data processing and legal basis
2.1. We process the above-mentioned personal data in order to evaluate the applications and select the most suitable candidates for the particular vacancy and, if necessary, defend our legal interests.
2.2. We process the information we collect on the basis of your consent, our legitimate interests and our legal obligations. The legal basis for data processing may differ for specific data types and the purpose for processing. Note that we may process the same personal data for multiple purposes at the same time and will therefore be subject to more than one legal basis.
2.3. Our legitimate interests include the necessity to select and recruit employees, ensure internship opportunities for students and defend our legal interests in case of a dispute arising from the recruitment process.
3. Who can receive your personal data?
3.1. We can share your personal data to our group entities that are affiliates, subsidiaries and parents of IdeaBits LLC or that provide us with recruitment services.
3.2. Your personal data may be shared with third parties who provide different data processing related services (for example, hosting and data storing services, HR data processing tools, communication and content delivery and monitoring networks, legal, IT and financial advisors, etc.). These service providers may only receive the minimum amount of personal data and only when necessary. We will share your personal data only with such service providers who have undertaken to comply with confidentiality requirements as well as obligations set out in applicable data protection laws.
3.3. Some of our service providers may be established outside the European Union, therefore we may need to transfer data outside the European Union. However, when transferring data to third countries, we comply with all the requirements of the applicable law in order to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
3.4. If there are any complaints about the recruitment process, we may also be required to share information with the relevant public authorities.
4. Data retention
4.1. Any information that you give us when applying to a vacancy and during the recruitment process, will be kept in our database for 2 years or deleted once you revoke your consent.
4.2. We may continue to store copies of your personal data as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes between us, to prevent fraud and abuse, to enforce our agreements, and/or to protect our legitimate interests.
5. Your rights
5.1. You have the right to request access to your personal data, correct or amend it, restrict data processing, request portability or deletion of your personal data.
5.2. You can exercise your rights by reaching us using the above-mentioned contact information. We will evaluate such requests in accordance with the applicable law and will respond within 30 days.
5.3. Please note that we will need to verify your identity before we disclose any information, therefore we may ask you to give us additional information.
5.4. Furthermore, if you believe that we have unlawfully processed your personal data, you have the right to submit a complaint to the above-mentioned contact information, or to your respective data protection supervisory authority.
6. Privacy policy changes
We may occasionally amend this Recruitment Policy. Any amendments will be posted on our website and we will notify you in case of material amendments.