Protecting your data
HubStar
Privacy Policy
Last updated on April 24, 2019
Welcome to HubStar Privacy Notice
This information has been produced to help you understand everything you need to know about the way HubStar collects, uses, and shares personal data, what your legal rights are and how to exercise them.
We hope you’ll take some time to read this document; we’ve tried to keep it all as simple as possible and to avoid jargon, and we’ll make our best efforts to keep you informed if there are any changes to the way we process your personal data in the future.
Hubstar takes its responsibility for protecting your data very seriously and we do advise you get to know our practices. If there’s anything here you don’t understand, or if you want to ask any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Personal Data
Who is the Data Controller?
We are Hubstar Systems Limited.
Registered address: 12 Hammersmith Grove, London. W6 7BA
Registration number: 08853435
In this document Hubstar may be referred to as “we”, “us”, or “our”.
What kinds of Personal Data does Hubstar Process?
Hubstar collects personal data for various purposes; with that in mind we have created a list of the types of personal data that we may collect, either directly from yourself or from other sources, in order to achieve those purposes.
The kinds of personal data we may collect include:
Customer/Client: Organisational details, name, e-mail address, phone number and location if explicit additional consent is provided in our mobile app (please see Location Data section for additional information)
Applicant/Temp/Volunteer/Intern: Contact details and CV.
Candidate: Contact details, CV, references and criminal background checks.
Supplier/Trader: Contact details and bank details.
Sub-Contractor: Contact details and bank details.
What are the reasons Hubstar collects Personal Data?
Legal Obligations
Hubstar uses personal data firstly to fulfil any contractual obligations that exist between us and yourself. Where we request personal data be provided to enter into, or meet the terms of any such contract, you will be required to provide the relevant personal data or we will not be able to deliver the goods or services you want. In such cases the lawful basis of us processing the personal data is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract.
We are required by law to process personal data for purposes relating to our legal obligations, these include:
To provide for our financial commitments, or to relevant financial authorities.
To comply with regulatory requirements and any self-regulatory schemes.
To carry out required business operations and due diligence.
To cooperate with relevant authorities for reporting criminal activity, or to detect and prevent fraud.
To investigate any insurance claims, claims of unfair dismissal, claims of any kind of harassment or of discrimination, or any other claim whereby the organisation may have to defend itself.
Location Data
HubStar may access location data to enable the “auto check-in” functionality of our mobile application. Location data is accessed only if explicit additional consent is provided by the user within the mobile application.
The location data is:
Not retained
Not shared with any third party
Not stored or sent to our servers
It is used solely on the mobile device to make the “auto check-in” decision and is then immediately discarded.
Consent
Hubstar may process Personal Data for the following purposes where it has received consent to do so:
You may withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data for these purposes at any time; after a withdrawal of consent request is received, we may have to contact you to verify the request.
Withdrawing your consent for us to process your personal data will not affect the lawfulness of the processing beforehand.
Legitimate Interests
Hubstar may process Personal Data for any of the following purposes, which are considered to be within our legitimate business interests:
To provide goods and services where it has been requested,
To inform customers of goods and services we provide or offers that may interest them,
To send notification on subjects to individuals who have asked to be kept informed,
To invite people to participate in research in fields and disciplines they are interested in,
To improve the quality of the services we offer, and to better understand customers’ needs by requesting feedback, or reviews of the services provided, or sending survey forms,
To send notifications of any changes to the goods and/or services provided that may affect people,
To recognise when people re-engage with our organisation,
To allow the organisation to support and maintain our products in active service,
To provide reference information to third party organisations when necessary,
To enhance the security measures in place that protect data we are responsible for,
To protect the organisations assets
Where does Hubstar obtain Personal Data from?
We will collect personal data directly from you in various ways. This could include when you complete an online form, or if you provide the data directly to a representative of Hubstar. We collect some personal data from publicly accessible sources such as:
LinkedIn and ZoomInfo to source suitable contacts.
We may also gather personal data by any of the following methods:
From technical functionality that gathers data automatically from computer equipment when people visit our online platforms.
Who will Hubstar share your Personal Data with?
To achieve the above stated purposes for which we process your personal data, we may have to share your personal data with certain third parties.
We shall make all reasonable efforts to ensure that any third-party we share your personal data with is also compliant with data protection law.
The kinds of third parties we may share your personal data with include:
Organisation where it is necessary to provide goods or services.
Organisations where it is necessary to setup various resources.
Where will Hubstar store your Personal Data?
Hubstar will not transfer your personal data to any country outside the European Union (EU) other than those that have been granted an adequacy decision under the General Data Protection Regulation.
We may however share your personal data with third-party organisations who then intend to transfer the data outside the EU. We shall take all reasonable measures to ensure those third parties are also compliant with data protection law.
How long will Hubstar keep your Personal Data?
We will keep your personal data only for as long as required to achieve the purposes for which it was collected, in line with this privacy notice.
The following criteria are what determine the period for which we will keep your personal data:
Until we are no longer required to do so to comply with regulatory requirements or financial obligations.
Until we are no longer required to do so by any law we are subject to.
Until all purposes for which the data was originally gathered have become irrelevant or obsolete.
Until the goods and/or services we have provided are no longer in active use.
Until it has been requested that we no longer process the data and that it is erased; in some cases, where there is a remaining relevant or legal reason why we are required to keep this data, we may opt to restrict the amount of processing being conducted to what is absolute necessary rather than erase it.
Your Rights, Our Responsibility
There are several rights granted to you immediately upon providing us with your personal information; some of these are mentioned above. We’d like you to know that at Hubstar we take your rights seriously and will always conduct ourselves in a way that is considerate of our responsibility to serve your legal rights.
The Right of Access
This grants you the right to confirm whether or not your personal data is being processed, and to be provided with relevant details of what those processing operations are and what personal data of yours is being processed.
If you would like access to the personal data we have about you, we ask that you contact us using the details below.
The Right to Rectification
This one is fairly straight forward; if you notice that the data we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request we rectify the mistake. We will make every effort to respond to requests of this type immediately.
The Right to Erasure
Otherwise known as the ‘right to be forgotten’, this given you the right to request your personal data be deleted.
This is not an absolute right; if you were to request that we erase your personal data, we would erase as much of that data as we could but may have to retain some information if it is necessary.
Were we have received a request for personal data to be erased, if it is necessary for us to retain some of that information we shall ensure that the remaining data is used only when and where it is absolutely necessary.
The Right to Objection
The right to object is a basic freedom all democracies enjoy. If you wish to object to the way we use, or have used, your personal data you may do so freely.
The Right to Complain
We will always try to maintain the highest standards and encourage the confidence our customers have in us as an organisation. In order that we can achieve this we do request that any complaints be first brought to our attention so we can properly investigate matters; if however you would like to complain about Hubstar to a supervisory authority you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113, or by visiting their website – https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Contact
Hubstar Contact Details
Hubstar
26 – 28 Hammersmith Grove, London. W6 7BA
01494 230 036
privacy@hubstar.com
Who is the Hubstar Data Protection Officer?
Ametros Group Ltd
Lakeside Offices, Thorn Business Park
Rotherwas Industrial Estate
Hereford
Herefordshire
England
HR2 6JT
0330 223 2246
dpo@ametrosgroup.com
www.ametrosgroup.com