UGames Software
UGames software limited is a video game software development studio in the UK striving to craft new gaming experiences. We are committed to providing easy-to-use game design tools and making creative video games.
Company Number: 13647559
Privacy Policy
Support
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ugamessoftware.game.blog/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy policy
We do not collect personal information.
What data we collect
Product interaction
Third parties collect some interaction data about how you engage with our products for the purpose of improving the product and providing you with an optimal experience.
In App Purchase
These are any payments you make through your device by app store. Such payments are subject to the privacy policies of the third parties over which we have no control. We do not receive financial information related to payments you make. But we may receive non-financial information such as the name of the item you purchased.
Identifiers
Your device ID. Third parties use anonymous data to link to you, so we can deliver you personalised content.
Diagnostics
Information such as crash logs, performance data, and performance time are collected for the purpose of measuring technical diagnostics related to the games.
Third party information
We share information obtained from your use of our products with third parties to provide you with optimal services.
How we use the information we collect
Our service providers, use the information collected to improve the experience for our users, but we will also use that for other purposes:
To operate, improve and optimise our services and user experience;
To personalise our services for you;
To provide technical support;
To prevent fraud activities;
To enforce our terms of service;
To manage and deliver rewards, surveys, or other promotional activities;
EU General Data Protection
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a European Union law regulating the data privacy of EU citizens. Our third parties may collect data includes personally identifiable information regulated under GDPR, and we will provides the tools to allow you to opt out of the collection, and to manage the personal data that our third parties collect about them, as required by the GDPR.
Change to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy, thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any question or suggestions about our privacy policy, please contact us on the app’s page on app store.
Privacy
UGames Software
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started