Privacy policy
We define the following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as “this policy”) regarding the handling of privacy information in various services (hereinafter referred to as “this service”).
Article 1 (Privacy Information)
Among privacy information, “personal information” refers to Lobi account information acquired from a user through this service · information that can identify the individual by recorded video or recorded voice, individual identification information of a terminal, symbol or other code Says.
Article 2 (Collection method of privacy information)
When using this service, we will acquire personal information within the scope of providing the function of this service.
Also, by allowing users to collaborate with other services, we will acquire information on the corresponding service based on the content you agreed.
Please note that the Service does not collect facial data.
Article 3 (Purpose of collecting and using personal information)
The purpose of this service to collect and use personal information is as follows.
(1) In order to provide necessary information to the applicable service, which is caused by allowing the user to cooperate with other services in our service
(2) For advertising use
Article 4 (Third party provision of personal information)
We do not disclose personal information of acquired user to third parties without consent of user.
However, this is not the case in the following cases.
(1) Based on laws and ordinances
(2) When there is a risk of harming the life, body, property or other rights and interests of the person himself or a third party
(3) When there is a risk of significant hindrance to the proper implementation of this service
Article 5 (Change in Privacy Policy)
The contents of this policy can be changed without notifying the user.
Except as stated separately by the Company, the posted privacy policy will take effect from the time it is posted on the website.
Article 6 (Contact point of inquiries)
For inquiries concerning this policy
Email address:
Initial publication: February 7, 2017
Facebook
Twitter
Hatena
Pocket
Line
共有