Last Updated: 20/10/23
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to our Privacy Policy. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect and processes your personal data when you visit our venues, use our websites (including any data which you may provide through those websites when you contact us or provide feedback), make a booking, visit or interact with us via our WiFi facilities or social media pages, or when you use our certain third party banking mobile apps, or otherwise engage with us, including when you participate in our loyalty programme or other promotions (together, “Digital Services”). Please see the end of this Privacy Policy for our contact and legal information.
This Privacy Policy explains:
● why and how we may use the personal information that we have obtained from interactions you (or others) may have with us as a business or when you contact us;
● with whom we share your personal information; and
● the rights you have in connection with the information we use.
Please read the following carefully.
2. WHO WE ARE AND OUR ROLE
Except as mentioned below, we are the controller of your personal information. This means that we decide why and how your personal information is processed. Please see the section at the end of this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
for our contact and legal information respectively.
We sometimes work with other organisations in connection with some of the processing activities described in this notice, such as social media platforms. Where that information is collected and sent to other organisations for processing that is for a common purpose or purposes, we will be making decisions together in relation to that particular processing and will be ‘joint controllers’ with the organisations involved. As joint controllers, we and the other organisations involved in making these decisions will be jointly responsible to you under data protection laws for this processing.
In other circumstances, the organisation receiving your information will be separately responsible to you and use your personal information in the ways described in its privacy policy (and not ours). For example:
• If you link your payment card to your loyalty programme account through a third party banking app, the relevant bank that issues that payment card and card scheme (American Express, Mastercard or Visa) will be processing your personal information in accordance with their privacy policies as separate controllers. Please see the relevant website of the bank or scheme for the relevant privacy policy.
• We may make WiFi services available in our venues and where we do, these are provided by our third party service provider, Purple WiFi. Purple WiFi is a separate controller of the personal information it collects during the course of its provision of those services. Please its privacy policy at
http://purple.ai/privacy-policy
/ for further information.
If you apply for a job through our websites, our separate
Recruitment Privacy Policy
will apply.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time so please check this Privacy Policy occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. For more information on changes to our Privacy Policy, please see section 14
(Changes to this Privacy Policy)
.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date set out at the end of this Privacy Policy.
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal information you provide to us
When you interact with us online or offline we collect and use information about you in the course of providing you our services and with consumer support. We may collect some or all of the information listed below to help us with this:
• information that you submit online and offline including your name, contact details including postal address, e-mail address and telephone number(s), interests, insights and preferences, date of birth, age, gender, and login credentials. We collect this in a number of ways, including when you register for an account with us and/or make a booking online or offline;
• age verification information, including photo ID;
• financial details when booking a venue which includes the card-holder’s name and payment and gift card details;
• your orders, requests and transaction information, including information about your purchases, such as prices and product information, refunds, and promotions and gifts;
• your dietary preferences and allergy information;
• your username and password in relation to our websites and mobile apps;
• information that you submit via any contact forms on the website and any correspondence we have with you over email or phone;
• details of your marketing and in-app communication preferences;
• details when you enter a competition, promotion, or prize draw, including any personal information contained in the entry itself;
• additional details that you provide at one of our events, including images and information provided in surveys;
• the content of the reviews or testimonials you leave about us; and
• any correspondence or messages (including emails, SMS or chat or social media messages or comments) that you send to us;
• your social media activity including your social media handle, comments and ‘likes’ and the time and date of that activity; and
• any additional information that you choose to tell us.
Where we need to collect personal data where legally required to do so, or perform a contract we have with you (or take pre-contract steps you have requested), and you do not provide us with your personal information, we may be unable to provide products or services to you. This may also lead to us having to cancel your booking.
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide us with your personal information; however, we require at least the information above in order for us to deal with you as a prospective customer or customer in an efficient and effective manner. Where the law allows, we may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you.
Information we collect about you including using automated methods
We collect CCTV footage and date and time information when you pass an area in which we or a company on our behalf operates CCTV surveillance or makes CCTV recordings (including from body-worn cameras). Such footage may include criminal offence or health data.
We also collect data on the use and consumption of gifts and promotions, as well as your booking history. We also collected information about your most visited venue amongst the venues that we operate.
We may automatically collect information about your use of the Digital Services, such as the number and duration of visits to the Digital Services and details of which particular pages or parts have been visited. We may also anonymise any personal information we receive about you by amending it, combining it with other data or by using other anonymisation techniques such as ‘hashing (
“Anonymised Information”
). After we anonymise your information, it will not be attributable to you.
We also automatically collect technical information, including anonymous data collected by the hosting server for statistical purposes, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform as well as mobile identifiers cookie, tracking pixel and beacon identification information. Please see our Cookie Policy for further information (
“Technical Information”
).
We use any collected Technical Information and Anonymised Information to analyse how the Digital Services are functioning and how it is used by users, for insight purposes and to help us maintain and improve the Digital Services on an ongoing basis. We also use this information to provide our services, including through our mobile applications and when you pay at our venues. We may share Anonymised Information with third parties that we work with, including our commercial partners.
We may record calls you make to our customer services team for quality and training purposes, and for the purposes of handling complaints and legal claims. We collect information about your behaviour at our venues and, if you have been banned, details of the reasons and period for which you have been banned.
Information we collect about you in connection with our loyalty programme
If you participate in our loyalty programme, we collect details relating to your participation including the period of your participation, the number of points and other benefits you have earned and details of when you have earned them, the points and other rewards you have redeemed and when you have redeemed them, your refer-a-friend activities and your favourite venues.
In certain circumstances, we provide you the option to link your bank account and/or card payment method to our loyalty programme. This is facilitated via our third-party providers, such as Bink, and utilises open banking APIs. Where your banking provider supports this facility, and you choose to link your account or card payment method to our loyalty programme we and your banking provider will receive data about the transactions you make across our venues as well as where you redeem your loyalty rewards.
We use this information to reward you with loyalty points or other loyalty benefits for qualifying purchases, provide you with redeemable rewards and to analyse your spending habits across our venues in order to better suggest offers we think will be of interest to you.
Your banking provider may also use this information as a controller and in accordance with its own privacy policy which we recommend that you read prior to linking your account/card payment method to our loyalty programme.
Information we collect about you from other sources
We may also obtain the following Personal Information about you from the following sources:
Apple Pay / Google Pay / Apple Pay / Google Pay / PayPal / Payment card schemes (American Express, Mastercard and Visa)
Contact, financial, technical data and transaction data
Purple WiFi
Contact and biographical data
Daisy WiFi
Contact Data
Acteol
Contact, loyalty and transaction data
Reputation.com
Contact and review data
Orderbee
Contact, financial, transaction data
Zonal Apps
Contact, financial, transaction data
Eagle Eye
Contact Data
Design My Night
Contact, bookings, ticketing, dietary data (including data relating to allergies and food preferences
Fatsoma
Contact, ticketing data
Zonal EPOS
Financial, transaction data
Sport Insight Media
Contact data
Bink
Contact, financial, technical data and transaction data
Your banking provider
Transaction data (if you link your payment card to our loyalty programme) and contact data (if you join the loyalty programme through an app provided by certain banking providers
Social media sites e.g. Facebook
Contact, biographical and interests data
Pubwatch
Contact data & details of your past behaviour at third party venues
4. HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose and complies with data protection laws.
Data protection law requires us to have a valid reason to process your personal information for each of the different purposes for which we use that information. The law refers to each reason as a ‘lawful basis’. The purposes for which we use your personal information and the lawful basis on which we rely to process it for each purpose is as follows:
Where you have provided CONSENT
We may use and process your personal information where you have
consented
for us to do so for the following purposes:
• to make electronic marketing communications including by email, SMS and, in relation to our mobile apps, push notices, where you opt-in to receive such communications following a request;
• to access location, camera, photos, videos, contact lists, or other information from your mobile device accessed through our mobile apps;
• to collect personal information from non-essential cookies used on our websites for the purposes described in our Cookie Policy;
• to link your card payment method to our loyalty programme and use the transaction data we receive to administer our loyalty programme. Your consent for this purpose will also permit the card scheme relevant to your card to monitor your transactions and share details of qualifying purchases with us so that we can provide you with the relevant points.
We may also rely on consent to use your name and image for publicity purposes. If you do not agree, the photographs will be deleted or the image will be modified so you will be unidentifiable.
You may withdraw your consent for us to use your information in any of these ways at any time. Please see section 13 (
Your Rights
) for further details.
Where necessary to comply with our LEGAL OBLIGATIONS
We will use your personal information to comply with our legal obligations:
● to check and verify your age and your identification information using an ID scan machine for the prevention and detection of crime and disorder to the extent required by law;
● to respond or assist the public authorities or the police and other criminal investigation bodies where required by law;
● to keep a record relating to the exercise of any of your rights relating to our processing of your personal information;
● to comply with a request from you in connection with the exercise of your rights (for example where you have asked us not to contact you for marketing purposes, we will keep a record of this on our suppression lists to be able to comply with your request);
● to anonymise or delete your personal information when it is no longer required for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;
● to comply with court orders or other notices where failure to do so would result in us breaking the law; and
● to handle and resolve any complaints we receive relating to our processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Where it is in your VITAL INTERESTS
We will use your personal information where it is in your vital interests to do so, for example, in relation to any emergency medical treatment you require whilst visiting our venues.
Where there is a LEGITIMATE INTEREST
We may use and process your personal information where it is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests as a business, or that of a third party, for the following purposes:
Processing necessary for us to promote our business and measure the reach and effectiveness of our campaigns
● to contact you with marketing information by post or by phone (if you are not registered with the Telephone Preference Service (including the Corporate Telephone Preference Service, where relevant);
● to contact you with marketing information by email and SMS (if you are a corporate customer or where you were presented with an opportunity to opt-out of such contact but did not do so);
● to tailor communications (including recommendations) to you based on your location, interests, and previous bookings and to personalise our services, products and content for you;
● to communicate targeted advertising to you in social media. You may receive advertising based on information about you that we have provided to a social media platform, or allowed it to collect using cookies on our website or code in our applications (or a combination of the two). For some of our marketing campaigns, we may use this information to exclude you from receiving advertising, if we believe it will not be relevant to you. You may also receive advertising because, at our request, the platform has identified you as falling within a group whose attributes we have selected or a group that has similar attributes to the individuals whose details it has received from us (or a combination of the two);
● to process your location in order to locate the nearest venue;
● for analysis and insight conducted to inform our marketing and business strategies, and to enhance your user experience;
● to ensure your dietary preferences are respected (and, where these are allergies or other medical conditions, to establish, bring or defend any legal claims); and
● to identify and record when you have received, opened or engaged with our Digital Services and/or our electronic communications (please see our Cookie Policy for more information);
Processing necessary for us to respond to changing market conditions and the needs of our users
● to analyse, evaluate and improve our Digital Services and/or other of our products and services so that your visit and use of them are more useful (we will generally use data amalgamated from many people so that it does not identify you personally);
● to undertake market analysis and research (including contacting you with user or customer surveys) so that we can better understand your use of the Digital Services and our products; and
● to share personal information (including images) with (and to receive information from) ‘Pubwatch’ members (which include other hospitality providers, the police, and the council) to identify and prohibit from entering our venue certain customers who have been barred in order to ensure that our venues remain safe.
Processing necessary for us to operate the administrative and technical aspects of our business efficiently and effectively
● to maintain the security of our staff, customers, venues, premises and property;
● to process payments made by you to us;
● to administer the Digital Services and our products, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, testing, training, and statistical purposes;
● for cookies that are essential for our website to function properly (please see our Cookie Policy for more information);
● for the detection and prevention of fraud and other criminal activities (and in relation to any CCTV footage containing criminal offence of health data, we rely on the corresponding condition for processing under the Data Protection Act 2018);
● for network and information security in order for us to take steps to protect your information against loss or damage, theft or unauthorised access;
● to record CCTV footage and date and time information when you pass an area in which we or a company on our behalf operates CCTV surveillance or makes CCTV recordings (including from body-worn cameras) to ensure the safety of our employees and venue visitors;
● for the purposes of corporate restructure or reorganisation or sale of our business or assets;
● for efficiency, accuracy or other improvements of our databases and systems, for example, by combining systems or consolidating records we hold about you;
● to enforce or protect our contractual or other legal rights or to establish, bring or defend legal proceedings (and in relation to any allergy or other health data we process about you, we rely on the corresponding condition for processing under the UK GDPR);
● to inform you of updates to our terms and conditions and policies; and
● for other general administration including managing any reports you make, your queries, complaints, or claims, and to send service messages to you.
Where necessary for us to carry out PRE-CONTRACT STEPS you have requested or for the performance of our CONTRACT
We will use your personal information where this is necessary for us to perform our contract with you or to carry out any pre-contract steps you’ve asked us to so that you can enter into that contract, for the following purposes:
● to respond to your request for a booking for one of our venues;
● to administer the core elements of our loyalty programme as described in the terms applicable to that programme, including to keep track of the points and other benefits you have earned and the rewards you have redeemed;
● to send communications to you about your booking (including information about your booking status and to request payment information relating to your booking);
● to register you for and connect you to our guest WiFi service within our venues; and
● to respond to your customer service requests and enquiries.
5. MARKETING
We may collect your preferences to receive marketing information directly from us by phone, email, or SMS in the following ways:
● if you register for an account on our website or mobile applications, we will ask you if you would like to opt in to receive marketing information directly from us;
● if you make a booking with us via the designmynight website and you opt in to receive marketing information;
● if you do not complete a purchase and you have opted-in to receive marketing information, we may send a reminder to you about your incomplete purchase or ask why you did not complete the purchase so that we may better refine the service we offer.
From time to time, we may ask you to refresh your marketing preferences by asking you to confirm that you consent to continue receiving marketing information from us.
You have the right to opt-out of our use of your personal information to provide marketing to you in any of the ways mentioned above at any time. Please see Your rights below for further details on how you can do this.
Please allow up to 10 working days for your email preferences to take effect.
6. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BY US
We may disclose your information to our third party service providers, agents and subcontractors (“Suppliers”) for the purposes set out above. Our Suppliers can be categorised as follows:
Recipient / relationship to us
Industry sector (& sub-sector)
Advertising, PR, digital and creative agencies
Media (Advertising & PR)
Card-linked loyalty and other service providers that support our loyalty programmes
IT (Banking & Loyalty)
CCTV service providers
IT (Security)
Cloud software system providers, including database, email, ordering, booking, age/identity verification software (e.g. GB Group plc), customer relationship and document management providers
IT (Cloud Services)
Facilities and technology service providers including scanning and data destruction providers
IT (Data Management)
Legal, security and other professional advisers and consultants
Professional Services (Legal & Accounting)
Market and customer research providers
Media (Market Research)
Operators of bars, pubs and other hospitality venues, including members of National Pubwatch and local ‘pubwatch’ schemes
Hospitality (Bars & Pubs)
Payment card schemes
Financial Services (Payments)
Social media platforms
Media (Social Media)
Website and data analytics platform providers
IT (Data Analytics)
Website and app developers
IT (Software Development)
Website hosting services providers
IT (Hosting)
Wifi service providers
IT (Networking)
Payment (including gift card) processors e.g. PayPal, Google Pay and Apple Pay.
PayPal. Google Pay and Apple Pay operate secure servers to process your payment details. They encrypt your credit or debit card information and authorise payment directly. We only keep the last four digits of your credit or debit card in order for you to recognise and choose your payment method without having to type in payment details each time. To understand how our payment processors use your information, we recommend that you read their privacy policies at
http://www.paypal.com/uk/legalhub/privacy-full
,
http://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en
and
http://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-pay/
Financial Services (Payments)
When sending your information to third parties, we only disclose to them any personal information that is necessary for them to provide their service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it other than in accordance with our specific instructions.
When we share your personal information with any third parties that are controllers of that information, they may disclose or transfer it to other organisations in accordance with their data protection policies. This does not affect any of your data subject rights as detailed below. In particular, where you ask us to rectify, erase or restrict the processing of your information, we take reasonable steps to pass this request on to any such third parties with whom we have shared your personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to other third parties as follows:
any third party who is restructuring, selling or acquiring some or all of our business or assets or otherwise in the event of a merger, re-organisation or similar event; and
if we are under, or consider that we have, a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request, including by the police and other law enforcement bodies, tribunals, regulators, local or central government or related agencies.
7. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information may be transferred to countries outside the UK. Those countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK and so may not protect the use of your personal information to the same standard.
Where we transfer your information outside of the UK, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Privacy Policy. These steps include:
• relying on decisions issued by the relevant UK Secretary of State (or other relevant person) declaring that a country or a company certifying to an international framework is adequately protective of personal information to a degree that allows us to safely transfer your personal information to that country or company;
• imposing contractual obligations on the recipient of your personal information using standard clauses issued by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (or other relevant body); or
• relying on ‘binding corporate rules’ put in place by recipients of your personal information that have been approved by relevant data protection regulators.
Please contact us using the details at the end of this Privacy Policy for more information about the protections that we put in place and to obtain a copy of the relevant documents.
If you use our services whilst you are outside the UK, your information may be transferred outside the UK in order to receive those services.
8. THE PERIOD FOR WHICH WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If we collect your personal information, the length of time for which we retain it is determined by a number of factors including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under other laws. We do not retain personal information in an identifiable format for longer than is necessary.
We will always retain your personal information for the period that you have an active account with a Website or App. If you do not hold an account, we retain your personal information for 2 years from the date we collect it or, where applicable, the date you are unsubscribed from our marketing lists, if later.
Your account will become ‘inactive’ if you do not engage with us for more than 2 years, for example, if you do not log into your account, make a purchase with us, engage with our direct marketing campaigns, earn loyalty points or redeem any vouchers. After that 2 year period ends (or at any point you choose to delete your account with the relevant Website or App using the relevant settings), we will anonymise the records we hold about you so that we no longer hold your personal information (to find out more about the personal information we anonymise, please see ‘Personal information we collected about you’ above). The only exceptions to these periods and our retention of your personal information are where:
● the law requires us to hold your personal information for a longer period, or delete it sooner;
● you exercise your right to have the information erased (where it applies) and we do not need to hold it in connection with any of the reasons permitted or required under the law (see section 13 (
Your Rights
) below);
● you exercise your right to require us to retain your personal information for a period longer than our stated retention period (see section 13 (
Your Rights
) below);
● we obtain your proof of identity documentation (e.g. driving licence, passport, card bearing PASS hologram, or military ID) which we retain for no more than 31 days from the date of our receipt or, if you are subject to a ban from a venue, for the period for which you have been banned; or
● we bring or defend a legal claim or other proceedings during the period we retain your personal information, in which case we will retain your personal information until those proceedings have concluded and no further appeals are possible.
9. SECURITY AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We employ security measures to protect the personal information you provide to us, to prevent access by unauthorised persons and unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. When we have provided (or you have chosen) a password allowing you access to certain parts of our Digital Services, you are responsible for safeguarding it and keeping it confidential and you promise not to allow it to be used by third parties.
If you are using a computer or terminal in a public location, we recommend that you always log out and close the website browser when you complete an online session for your security. In addition, we recommend that you take the following security measures to enhance your online safety: When creating a password, we recommend you use at least 8 characters with a combination of letters and numbers and at least one special character. We recommend you frequently change your password. Keep your passwords private. Remember, anyone you knows your password may access your account. Avoid using the same password for multiple online accounts. We will never ask you to confirm any account or credit card details via email. If you receive an email claiming to be from us asking you to do so, please ignore it and do not respond.
Our Digital Services may contain links to websites run by other organisations which we do not control. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those other websites‚ so we encourage you to read their privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites (even if you access them using links that we provide) and we provide links to those websites solely for your information and convenience. We specifically disclaim responsibility for their content, privacy practices and terms of use, and we make no endorsements, representations or promises about their accuracy, content or thoroughness. Your disclosure of personal information to third party websites is at your own risk.
In addition, if you linked to our Digital Services from a third party website, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party website and recommend that you check the policy of that third party website.
10. COOKIES
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent to your computer or device and stored on its hard drive to allow the website and applications to recognise you when you visit it.
If you are using our websites, it is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences.
We also use other similar technologies across our websites, applications and emails to recognise you. These include web beacons, tracking pixels, pixel tags and software development kits (SDKs). These technologies are used for a variety of purposes such as facilitating payment, enhancing app navigation, analysing and optimising usage and associated with our marketing and advertising efforts, including targeting advertising through our third parties and partners.
For more information on how we use cookies and how to switch them off on your device, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
11. AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We do not envisage that any decisions that have a legal or significant effect on you will be taken about you using purely automated means, however we will update this Privacy Policy and inform you if this position changes.
12. SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
We use a number of different social media platforms to communicate with you and to promote products and services. We process your personal information using these platforms in a variety of ways, as follows:
Pages.
We use your personal information when you post content or otherwise interact with us on our official pages on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and other social media platforms. We also use the Page Insights service for Facebook and Instagram to view statistical information and reports regarding your interactions with the pages we administer on those platforms and their content. Where those interactions are recorded and form part of the information we access through these Page Insights services, we and the relevant platform are joint controllers of the processing necessary to provide that service to us.
Single sign-on.
Some of our mobile apps use a feature provided by social media and other digital service providers that allow you to register and login to our account with the app using the same login details you have already set up with those providers. This feature is known as a ‘single sign-on service’. We are responsible for any use we make of the personal information we receive from the platform using this feature.
Data from your profile.
When you use single sign-on services, you may be prompted to confirm that you are happy to share with us your name, email address and certain other personal information you hold with those providers. You may be asked if you would like to share information with us that goes beyond what is needed to log you into your account. For example, you may be asked if you would like us to use your contact details or date of birth for direct marketing purposes. We will only use your personal information in this way if you agree.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar technologies in our Digital Services to collect and send information to Facebook about actions you take on our website and applications. In particular, Meta (who operates the Facebook and Instagram platforms) uses this information to provide services to us and also for further processing for its own business purposes. We and Meta are joint controllers of the processing involved in collecting and sending your personal information to Meta using cookies and similar technologies as each of us has a business interest in Meta receiving this information. You can find out more about these technologies by visiting our
Cookie Policy
. The services we receive from Meta that use this information are delivered to us through Meta Business Tools, which include Meta Pixel, Facebook Login, Facebook SDK, Social Plugins and Website Custom Audiences. These tools allow us to target advertising to you within Meta’s social media platforms by creating audiences based on your actions on our Digital Services and applications and allow Meta to improve and optimise the targeting and delivery of our advertising campaigns for us.
Our relationship with Meta.
As we are joint controllers with these platforms for certain processing, we and each platform have:
• entered into agreements in which we have agreed each of our data protection responsibilities for the processing of your personal information described above;
• agreed that we are responsible for providing to you the information in this privacy notice about our relationship with each platform; and
• agreed that each platform is responsible for responding to you when you exercise your rights under data protection law in relation to that platform’s processing of your personal information as a joint controller.
Meta also processes, as our processor, contact information that we submit for the purposes of matching, online targeting, measurement, reporting and analytics purposes. These services include the processing Meta carries out when it display our advertisements to you in your news feed at our request after matching contact details for you that we have uploaded to a platform operated by Meta. These advertisements may include forms through which we collect contact information you give to us.
Further information
. The Meta company that is a joint controller of your personal information is Meta Platforms, Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. For further information regarding Meta and its use of your personal information, please see:
• Meta’s
Controller Addendum for Page Insights
and
UK Controller Addendum for Business Tools
which include information regarding how our and Meta’s responsibilities to you are allocated as controllers of your personal information;
• Meta’s Privacy Center including its Privacy Policy at
http://www.facebook.com/privacy
which include details of the legal reasons (known as ‘lawful bases’) on which each platform relies to process your personal information, together with details regarding your data protection rights; and
• Meta’s
help pages
regarding its
Page Insights
and Business Tools and its
terms and conditions
relating to those tools.
Our relationship with Tiktok.
To find out more about our relationship with TikTok, please see the
terms
of the data sharing arrangement we have with TikTok and the
TikTok Privacy Policy
.
13. YOUR RIGHTS
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal information under data protection law. In relation to certain rights, we may ask you for information to confirm your identity and, where applicable, to help us to search for your personal information. Except in rare cases, we will respond to you within 1 calendar month from either:
● the date that we have confirmed your identity; or
● where we do not need to do this because we already have this information, from the date we received your request.
You have the following rights, some of which may only apply in certain circumstances:
To have your information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
If you change your name or address/email address, or you discover that any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please let us know by contacting us using any of the details described at the end of this Privacy Policy.
To object to processing of your personal information
Where we rely on our legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing your personal information for particular purposes, you may object to us using your personal information for these purposes by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this Privacy Policy. Except for the purposes for which we are sure we can continue to process your personal information, we will temporarily stop processing your personal information in line with your objection until we have investigated the matter. If we agree that your objection is justified in accordance with your rights under data protection laws, we will permanently stop using your data for those purposes. Otherwise we will provide you with our justification as to why we need to continue using your data.
To withdraw your consent to processing your personal information
Where we rely on your consent as the lawful basis for processing your personal information, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details at the end of this Privacy Policy. If you would like to withdraw your consent to receiving any direct marketing to which you previously opted-in, you can also do so using our unsubscribe tool. If you withdraw your consent, our use of your personal information before you withdraw is still lawful.
To restrict processing of your personal information
You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in the following situations:
• where you believe it is unlawful for us to do so; or
• you have objected to its use and our investigation is pending or you require us to keep it in connection with legal proceedings.
In these situations, we may only process your personal information whilst its processing is restricted if we have your consent or are legally permitted to do so, for example for storage purposes, to protect the rights of another individual or company or in connection with legal proceedings.
To have your personal information erased
In certain circumstances, you may ask for your personal information to be removed from our systems by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this Privacy Policy. Unless there is a reason that the law allows us to use your personal information for longer, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request
To request access to your personal information and how we process it
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information that we hold about you by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this Privacy Policy. We may not provide you with a copy of your personal information if this concerns other individuals or we have another lawful reason to withhold that information.
Rights relating to automated decision making, including profiling
You may also contest a decision made about you based purely on automated processing by contacting us using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. We do not currently process your personal information to make such decisions about you and will update this policy/notify you if that changes.
To complain to a data protection regulator
You have the right to complain to the UK data protection regulation, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), if you are concerned about the way we have processed your personal information. Please visit the
ICO’s website
for further details.
14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may review this Privacy Policy from time to time and any changes will be notified to you by posting an updated version on our websites and/or by contacting you by email, as appropriate. Any changes will take effect 7 days after the date of our email or the date on which we post the modified terms on our website at www.stonegategroup.co.uk, whichever is the earlier. We recommend you regularly check for changes and review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit or use any of our Digital Services. If you do not agree with any aspect of the updated Privacy Policy you must immediately notify us and cease using our services.
15. CONTACT US
Please direct any queries about this Privacy Policy or about the way we process your personal information to our Privacy Manager using our contact details below.
Our email address for data protection queries is
c.datarequest@stonegatepubs.com
or alternatively you can contact us using the web form on our websites.
16. LEGAL INFORMATION
We are Stonegate Pub Company Limited.
We are a limited company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with UK company registration number FC029833 (and UK establishment number BR014816) and our registered office address is Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, PO BOX 2681, Grand Cayman, Ky1-1111, Cayman Islands.
Our main trading address is 3 Monkspath Hall Road, Solihull, West Midlands B90 4SJ.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://purple.ai/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Speak to an Expert
en
es
Purple WiFi (“We,” “Us,” or “Our”) know that you take the privacy of your information and how it is used and shared very seriously. We will only use your personal information in accordance with the current data protection laws in your country and this privacy policy. This privacy policy describes how We aim to repay the trust you have shown by sharing your personal data with Us. This policy applies to all the websites We operate, Our use of emails, and any other methods We use for collecting information. It covers what We collect and why, what We do with the information, what We won’t do with the information, and what rights you have. Personal data collected through Our WiFi service is configured by Our customers (who operate the venues where you access the WiFi) through their end-user registration and you should consult their privacy policy for full details of the data they are collecting and how they intend to use it. This privacy policy only applies to personal information We hold about individuals. It does not apply to information We hold about companies and other organisations. We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the amended version on Our website.
Who We Are
In this policy, whenever you see the words (“We,” “Us,” or “Our”), it refers to Purple Wifi Ltd, First Floor, Sandringham House, Hollins Brook Park, Pilsworth Road, Bury, BL9 8RN. Registered in England Company No: 06444980.
Information We Collect
We will only ever collect the information We need, including data that will be useful to help Us improve Our services. We may automatically collect and process the following data about you:
Any log-in information you provide when you use guest WiFi services offered by Our customers at their venues, information taken by Us from the social media account (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc.) through which you access Our WiFi service. The information collected through Our WiFi service is configured by Our customers through their end-user registration and you should consult their privacy policy for full details of the personal data that is collected. (Submitted Information).
Any correspondence between you and Us, your responses to any surveys that We ask you to complete for research purposes, details of any transactions which you carry out through the service, your browsing history, and details of your use of the service including (without limitation) location, data, weblogs, and other communication data and resources accessed by you (Additional Information).
Any information which We collect about the computer, tablet, cellular telephone, smartphone, or other electronic device used to access the service (device) including (where available) the MAC address of any connected network interface, the unique device identifiers, operating system, browser types, and telephone number (if applicable) of the device (Device Information).
Any information which We collect about your actual location and relative signal strength, and data collected by Us for WiFi enabled devices present at a location by means of relative signal strength from WiFi access points from which an X/Y coordinate is calculated (Location Information).
Any data collected by Us when your device is used to access the service including (without limitation) internet protocol addresses, internet service providers, browser types, language, viewed and exit pages, and date and timestamps (Log Information).
Details of your visits to Our site, including but not limited to, IP addresses (the location of the computer on the internet), pages accessed, and files downloaded. This helps Us determine how many people use Our sites, how many people visit on a regular basis, and how popular Our pages are. This is statistical data about Our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. It simply allows Us to monitor and improve Our service.
We may record incoming telephone calls for training and quality control purposes. We may also record outgoing telephone calls in response to a query submitted through our website or when returning a telephone call you have made to us.
Personal information, such as name, postal address, phone number, email address, date of birth, gender, and social media account details (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) that you provide by registering and using Our WiFi services, filling in forms on Our web site (www.purple.ai), and when you contact Us via telephone and include information provided when you:
Subscribe to receive one of Our e-communications.
Enquire about a specific product or service.
Request information via telephone.
Request a call back.
Respond to a campaign.
Enter a competition or promotion.
Submit a question to Us or provide Us with feedback.
You are provided with an opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from Us or Our partners at the time that your details are submitted and on each occasion that you are contacted thereafter. Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of Our site. This helps Us provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and allows Us to improve Our site. For detailed information on the cookies We use and the purpose for which We use them, please see Our cookie policy. If you want to disable cookies, please refer to your browser’s help option.
How We Use the Information We Collect
If you have provided Purple Wifi with personal data to access WiFi in a venue, then We will use this data for the performance of the contract described in Our terms and conditions of service which you agreed to when accessing the service. We may also process your personal data for Our legitimate business interests. “Legitimate Interests” means the interests of Our company in conducting and managing Our business and providing you with the best services and products in the most secure way. These interests include:
To ensure that content from Our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To collate and aggregate anonymised information for consumer analysis and statistical reporting.
To associate submitted information and/or additional information and/or device information and/or location information and/or log information to enable analysis by Us and the owner or sponsor of any venue at which you use the service as to how people move around such venues. In such circumstances, the MAC address of your device is masked to prevent linking data to other sources.
To contact you regarding your opinions of Our products and services, which may be used for research and analysis to help Us to improve or modify those products and services.
To help Us identify you when you contact or visit Us.
When dealing with your inquiries and requests.
To help Us improve the quality, security, and safety of Our products and services.
To carry out analysis and service improvement.
When you communicate with Us for customer service or other purposes (e.g., by emails, faxes, phone calls, tweets, etc.), We retain such information and our responses to you in the records of your account.
When We process your personal data for Our legitimate business interests, We always ensure that We consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection laws. If you have any concerns about the processing described above, you have the right to object to this processing. For more information about your rights, please review the “Your Rights” section below.
Choice / Opt-In and Opt-Out
Whenever the processing of your personal data requires your consent then you will be given the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out to having your contact details used, as set out above, at the time your details are submitted. For example, when you request product information, you can tell Us when you provide your details if you do not want to receive any other information from Us or Our partners, or you can let Us know how best to get in touch with you with information that may be of interest. If you do not wish Us to use your data as set out above, please leave the relevant boxes, situated on the form which We used to collect your data, blank/unticked. Please be aware that if you opt out of marketing communications received from one of our partners, and your information is also held by other partners, you may continue to receive information from these other partners until you inform them that you wish to opt out of marketing communications as well.
Sharing Your Information
Just like most other organisations, We work with third-party service providers which provide important functions to Us that allow Us to be easier, faster, and friendlier in the way We deliver Our services. We need to disclose user data to them from time to time, for any of the purposes set out above, so that the services can be performed. We have listed below the parties to whom We may disclose your personal data for the purposes set out in this policy:
Our employees.
The owners of the venues where you access Our WiFi services.
Virtual hosting infrastructure providers to host our servers and data, and to provide other services to Us.
Third party consultants, service providers, or contractors when providing support and other services to Us.
Auditors or advisers assisting Us in Our business operations in any jurisdiction where we operate.
Some of our partners drop cookies on this site, they may associate these cookies with hashed emails, IP addresses and browser types for the purpose of making advertisements more relevant to you during your browsing experience. Detailed information on these cookies, including ways in which you can opt-out, can be found in our
Cookie Policy
and through the Privacy Preference Centre which can be found on our website. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data, for legal or regulatory purposes, in relation to existing or future legal proceedings for the prevention of fraud/loss or to protect the rights, property, safety of Our Group, Our customers, or others.
Data Security
Our standard policy is to store your personal Information on hosted services located in Eindhoven, in the Netherlands for data collected in the UK, EU and Africa, in Los Angeles, USA, for data collected in North and South America and in Sydney, Australia for data collected in Asia and Australasia. We also store select data on hosted services located in London, UK, for data collected worldwide. However, from time to time, We may allow individual customers to store your personal information on their own servers located within their own country when they are legally obligated to do so or when they request this. We may transfer the information to other offices and to other reputable third-party organisations as explained above – they may be situated inside or outside the European Economic Area, if this is the case We ensure that compliant safeguards are put in place and clearly communicated to you. We may also store information in paper files. We have security protocols and policies in place to manage and record your data privacy and preferences correctly, and that your data is stored securely to protect against its loss, misuse, and alteration. Documentation can be supplied on request from Our Data Protection Officer using any of the contact methods listed below in the “Your Rights” section. Unfortunately, the transmission of data across the internet is not completely secure. While We do Our best to try to protect the security of your information, We cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur while data is being transferred. We will keep your information only for as long as We need it to provide you with the services or information you have required, to administer your relationship with Us, to comply with the law, or to ensure We do not communicate with people that have asked Us not to. When We no longer need information, We will always dispose of it securely by using specialist companies if necessary to do this work for Us. If you are a user of Our WiFi services and you do not log in to one of Our WiFi venues for more than 13 months, all personally identifiable data We store about you is deleted.
Your Rights
Under the data protection legislation, you have the right to request copies of your data, request rectification of your data, request erasure of your data, object to Us processing your data, utilize the right to prevent your data being used for direct marketing, request Us to restrict the processing of your data and, where Our systems allow, utilize the right to access a copy of the information We hold about you (a subject access request) and utilize the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority. We will require proof of your identity before we are able to provide you with any personal information that we have about you. The following information provides additional details about some of these rights and how to exercise them:
Right to Make a Subject Access Request (“SAR”)
You have the right to view and request copies of your personal data that We have about you. You are able to view or delete this information through Our portal. Login details are emailed to you when you first register on our WiFi services. You may also request this information by contacting Us via one of the methods described below.
Right to Rectification
You can request that we rectify inaccuracies and missing information in personal data we have about you.
Right to Object to Processing
You may have the right to object to Us processing your personal data and request that We stop processing it. You may do this by emailing Our Data Protection Officer (see below for details).
Right to Request Erasure
You have the right to have your personal data erased where the data is no longer necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected/processed unless We have legitimate grounds or a legal right(s)/obligation(s) to store your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer in writing at Our First Floor, Sandringham House, Hollins Brook Park, Pilsworth Road, Bury, BL9 8RN. For more information about your rights, please directly contact your local supervisory authority.
Data Erasure Request
Email Address
*
This field is required.
Submit
This field is required.
588813f40372facd22cd607bb3f5b5c8
Data Export Request
Email Address
*
This field is required.
Submit
This field is required.
18ab9a2f4425e8e60aa30e038510d209
Please note that by filling out the data export or data delete request forms above, this will only export or delete the data we hold on our website. If you wish to export or delete any data captured during WiFi authentication at a Purple-powered venue, please visit the
MyData Portal
.
Privacy Policy
Created on 17 April 2023
Last updated on 26 July 2024
© 2025 Purple. All Rights Reserved.
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimize site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Accept all
Preferences
Sub-policy 1
http://www.stonegatecareers.co.uk/recruitment-privacy-policy/:
There's something for everyone... Discover our various pub, bar and venue brands!
Ever wondered what life is like at Stonegate? Click
here
to find out!
There's something for everyone... Discover our various pub, bar and venue brands!
Ever wondered what life is like at Stonegate? Click
here
to find out!
Recruitment Privacy Policy
Overview
1.1 This privacy policy makes it clear how we process and protect your personal data. This includes any information that you submit to our online recruitment software and any information gathered on this website.
1.2 By using this site you are agreeing to your data will be held, stored and processed according to the policy detailed below. We comply with the GDPR and as such your data is securely stored and only accessed by relevant and authorised personnel.
1.3 The purpose of the data collection and the type of data requested is decided by the Data Controller. In this instance the Data Controller is Stonegate Group .
1.4 The Data Controller uses a Data Processor in order to collect, store and securely transfer your data. In this instance your Data Processor is Talos 360 Basecamp, 4 Webster Court, Carina Park, Warrington, WA5 8WD. The Data Protection Officer for Talos 360 can be contacted at: info@talos360.co.uk
Data Security
2.1 The technology that we use has been designed with your security in mind. Our Data Processor’s servers are based in the UK and they deploy both technological and operational security measures along with internal policies specifically implemented to protect your data.
Legal Basis
3.1 From the latest data protection regulations (GDPR) our legal basis for processing your data will be in the legitimate interest in using the information that you supply to us in order to process your job application and to provide you with information which may be of use.
3.2 The purpose of our data collection is to assess your suitability for the specific job role that you have applied for. We may also use this information to contact you about other similar job opportunities and may also statistically analyse your data.
3.3 We may also need to request and process your data if it is necessary for the performance of a contract or if we have a legal basis for doing so. This may include the data that you need to supply to us in order to satisfy the offer of a term of employment.
3.4 If we require your explicit consent to process any data as specified by GDPR then we will inform you of this consent requirement, and request your explicit “opt-in”, at the point of data entry.
What Data do we Collect?
4.1 The personally identifiable information that we identify, store and process on this site is that which is voluntarily provided to us. This includes (but not limited to):
Your CV
Cover letters
Personal information supplied such as your name, email address & phone number
Any details you enter into any application form
Any answers to questions that correspond with your recruitment preferences
Any supporting information that you provide to expand your candidate profile
Your Data Access Rights
5.1 When it comes to your personal data you have the right to:
Rectify inaccurate or outdated information
Request to move your data (data portability)
Object to data processing
Withdraw your data consent at any time
Be forgotten
Ask for a copy of your data via a Subject Access Request (SAR)
Lodge a complaint with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or other relevant supervisory authority
5.2 If you think that there are any inaccuracies in your data then let us know and we will amend your records. We also provide reasonable access to our visitors for reviewing the data that you have provided to this website. In this instance please contact sar@talos360.co.uk with your request.
5.3 If you’d like to remove the data that you have supplied to us then you can do so by here and we’ll delete your records for you.
5.4 If you’re not happy with the manner in which your data has been processed you can submit a case to our internal complaints procedure by contacting dpo@talos360.co.uk. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of our investigation, you have the right to contact the ICO (http://www.ico.org.uk).
Sharing Data
6.1 The data that you submit to this site may be:
Made available to the Data Controller
Made available to the Data Processor
Used to communicate with you about your application
Used to communicate with you in regards to recruitment
Used to supply you with relevant (optional) job alerts
Added to a searchable candidate database
Analysed for our internal statistics to improve processes
6.2 Sometimes information may be processed on our behalf by relevant third parties; this includes but is not limited to: video interviewing companies, payroll software, and HR software.
6.3 We will not collect your information for unrelated purposes without first requesting your consent.
6.4 In some cases, we may be compelled or permitted by the law, an official authority or regulatory requirements to process your personal information without your consent or knowledge, even after you have exercised your right to withdrawal, to be forgotten, or objected to processing. If this happens, we will only process the limited personal data that we are required to do so under these specific requirements.
Length of Data Storage
7.1 If there is no activity on your candidate account for 2 years, it will be deactivated. You can also request to withdraw your details at anytime and thereafter your data will be fully anonymised for further protection.
Privacy Policy Changes
8.1 Provided that compliance is maintained in regards to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, we reserve the right to amend and modify this privacy statement for any reason and at any time.
Our website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using the website you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn More
ok
About Stonegate
Pub & Bar Teams
Management
Pub Support Team
About Stonegate
Application Process
Learning & Development
Rewards
Our Brands
Stories from Stonegate
Values
Learning & Development
Apprenticeships
Our Brands
Be At One
Chapter Collection
Heritage Pubs
Popworld
Proper Pubs
Pubsmiths
Rita's Bars
Slug & Lettuce
Social Pub and Kitchen
Sports Bar and Grill
Venues
Walkabout
Pub & Bar Teams
Students
Management
General Managers
Deputy Managers
Kitchen Managers
Sub-policy 2
http://www.paypal.com/uk/legalhub/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
16. Users in the UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Status disclosure
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on 1 February 2025
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
PayPal UK Ltd (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Data when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to Other Services, such as Hyperwallet. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the “
Definitions
” section below.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the United Kingdom (UK),
PayPal UK Ltd
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the UK, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”).
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), use PayPal Groups, use a Fastlane profile, or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). If you use Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later. We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Data with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster, create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Data each time they check out (“Fastlane”).
When you create a Fastlane profile, PayPal will store your Personal Data, including your name, email, phone number, address information,  billing information and payment method details, and other data that will be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner and Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners and Merchants sites and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as register for a store or loyalty account  using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner and Merchant may disclose Personal Data with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you
,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account or profile and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your PayPal Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account and profile secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behaviour patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, Partners and Merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the UK and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Data and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorised by you and likely to be successfully authorised by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable UK laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your account, profile and financial information accurate and up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by UK law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay Without a PayPal account), and to associate such transactions with your PayPal account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under UK laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other Other Services
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under UK law is legal obligation and where acting under non-UK law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Data will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identity verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your account settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your account settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users, use the Services, or return goods we may share information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. We may also disclose Personal Data to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions. For example, when you visit a participating Merchant site or app, the Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process. If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their services providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
Please note that Personal Data shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants’ own privacy policies and procedures.  We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of Personal Data from the EU within PayPal and Other Services, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). For transfers of personal data from the UK, these are based on the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your Personal Data
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app. If you, or an authorised agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Data in your Fastlane profile, contact us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not you have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information Personal Data by contacting us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorised agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your account or profile settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
By contacting our Data Protection Officer, please see Section 18 (“
Our Contact Information
”).
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website: https://ico.org.uk/, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under UK law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
16. Users in the UK
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country.
Specifically, you acknowledge that PayPal may do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation laws implementing the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and OECD Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by FATCA or CRS, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
Disclose account Information to intellectual property right owners if under applicable law they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used.
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
If you as a Partner and Merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such third party necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed here. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each "Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your account information or to whom we may consider disclosing your account information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
Share necessary account information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Other Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of PayPal, Inc., and who process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. Examples include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., and Hyperwallet.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner and Merchant means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services.
PayPal means PayPal UK Ltd, which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services  means any PayPal Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, PayPal Groups, Fastlane, Xoom, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Other Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card and/or direct debit payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand, or when you use our Braintree services.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal UK Ltd at 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service or Unbranded Payment Services.
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service.
To contact us about your Fastlane profile: visit your Fastlane profile management portal.
Status disclosure
PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd's company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Sub-policy 3
http://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en:
Google Payments Privacy Notice
Last modified: 4 March 2025
The
Google Privacy Policy
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google products and services. If you are under the age of 18, you can find additional resources in the
Google Teen Privacy Guide
and the
Google Payments privacy guide for children
.
Google Payments is offered to Google Account holders, and your use of it is subject to the Google Privacy Policy. In addition, this Privacy Notice describes Google privacy practices that are specific to Google Payments.
Your use of Google Payments is governed by the Google Payments Terms of Service, which describes in more detail the services covered by this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Google Payments Terms of Service.
The Google Payments Privacy Notice applies to services offered by Google LLC or its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Google Payment Corp. ('GPC'). Consult the Google Payments Terms of Service made available to you within the service to learn which subsidiary is offering the service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC and, to the extent required under Brazilian law, it may be Google Brasil Pagamentos Ltda
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the European Economic Area (excluding the UK), the data controller responsible for your information is Google Ireland Limited
For users based in the European Economic Area, excluding the UK, and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Ireland Limited
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the UK, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC
For users based in the UK and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Limited
Information we collect
In addition to the information listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we may also collect the following:
Registration information
When you sign up for Google Payments, you are creating a Google payments profile that is associated with your Google Account. Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide information, such as:
Credit or debit card number and card expiry date
Bank account number and expiry date
Address
Phone number
Date of birth
National insurance number or taxpayer identification number (or other government-issued identification numbers)
For sellers or businesses specifically, your business category and certain information about your sales or transaction volume
In some cases, we may also ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your information or identity. Finally, if you register a carrier or operator billing account, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about your carrier or operator account.
Your registration information is stored in association with your Google Account, and your registration of a payment method will be stored on Google's servers. Certain types of data may also be stored on your mobile device.
Information obtained from third parties
We may obtain information about you from third parties, including third-party verification services. This includes:
Information arising from Google Payments transactions at merchant locations
Information regarding your use of payment methods and your accounts issued by third parties that are linked to Google Payments
The identity of your card issuer or financial institution
Feature and benefit information related to your payment method
Information regarding access to balances held in your Google payments profile
Information from a carrier or operator in connection with carrier or operator billing
Consumer reports, as the term 'consumer reports' is defined by the US Fair Credit Reporting Act
Information about your transactions with third parties (like merchants and payment service providers), which will be used for fraud risk modeling and to provide fraud risk scores and other fraud prevention services to third parties
Also, for sellers, we may obtain information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service.
Transaction information
When you use Google Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including:
The date, time and amount of the transaction
The merchant's location and description
A description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased
Any photo that you choose to associate with the transaction
The names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient)
The type of payment method used
Your description of the reason for the transaction and the offer associated with the transaction, if any
How we use the information we collect
In addition to the uses listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we use the information you provide to us, Google Payment Corp. (GPC), or another of our subsidiaries, as well as information about you from third parties, in order to:
Provide you with Google Payments for customer service purposes
Prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including to help prevent fraud, phishing or other misconduct
Assist third parties in the provision of products or services that you request from them
Review your Google payments profile to determine whether you continue to meet the terms of the service
Make decisions about your future Google Payments transactions
Build and train fraud risk models with your historic and current information, and produce fraud risk scores and assessments that are shared with third parties solely for their fraud or abuse prevention purposes
Provide you with information about your payment method’s features and benefits to help you better identify your payment method when using Google Payments
Fulfill other legitimate business needs related to the Google Payments transactions initiated by you
We may retain the information that you provide for the duration of your use of Google Payments, and for an additional period as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Information we share
We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google in the following circumstances:
As permitted under the
Google Privacy Policy
As permitted by law
As necessary to process your transaction and maintain your account, including to provide security improvements, protect your account against fraud, and for other everyday business purposes
To complete your requested registration for a service provided by a third party
To inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used to make payments through that merchant's site or app. You can choose to turn off this setting
To share fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments with third parties that use Google’s risk score and fraud prevention services, in order to protect your transactions with third parties from fraud and abuse
To help ensure your payment method is secure and valid, and to provide you with relevant information about your payment method's features and benefits, we may share your personal information with your payment method issuer, payment network, processors, and their affiliates
Examples of when information may be shared:
When you make a purchase or transaction using Google Payments, we make certain personal information about you available to the company or individual that you purchase from or transact with. This includes sharing your personal information with the developer from whom you purchase when you use Google Payments to make a purchase on Google Play
When you make a purchase through a website or app with Google Pay, we might share your ZIP code or postcode and information about your payment method so that the merchant can calculate tax, shipping, and other details related to the cost of your order (such as delivery costs and other price information), and identify whether the merchant can accept that form of payment from you as well as benefits or restrictions for particular forms of payment for your purchase
When you add a third-party payment method to your Google payments profile, we may exchange certain personal information with the third-party payment provider so we can both provide the service to you. The information may include your name, profile image, email, Internet protocol (IP) address, billing address, phone number, device information, location, and Google Account activity information
When you visit a participating merchant site or app, the merchant can check whether you have a Google payments profile with an eligible payment method that can be used to make a purchase through the merchant's site or app, in order to reduce the likelihood that you will see unusable features on sites or apps
When you transact with a third party (like merchants and payment service providers), we may send fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments related to your payment transaction to these third parties, solely for their own fraud or abuse prevention purposes
The information we collect, including information obtained from third parties, may be shared with our affiliates, meaning other companies owned and controlled by Google LLC. Our affiliates, which can be financial and non-financial entities, will use such information for purposes as disclosed in this Privacy Notice and the Google Privacy Policy, including for their everyday business purposes.
We provide you with the right to opt out of certain sharing between GPC and its affiliates, if applicable. Specifically, you may choose to opt out of:
Sharing between GPC and its affiliates of information about your creditworthiness for their everyday business purposes; and/or
Our affiliates marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your account history with us
You may also choose to opt out of Google LLC or its affiliates informing a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used for payment through that merchant's site or app.
If you choose to opt out, your choice will be effective until you tell us to change your choice.
If you do not want us to share personal information about your creditworthiness between GPC and its affiliates, or if you do not want our affiliates to use your personal information collected by us and shared with them to market to you, or if you do not want Google LLC or its affiliates to inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile, please indicate your preference by logging in to your account, and going to your
Google Payments privacy settings
to update your privacy preferences.
We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of GPC or with our affiliates except as described in this Privacy Notice or the Google Privacy Policy. Google Payments is a product offered to Google Account holders. Data that you provide to Google LLC for the purpose of signing up for a Google Account is not affected by the opt-out provisions in this Privacy Notice.
Keeping your information secure
For more information about our security practices, please see the main
Google Privacy Policy
.
The security of your Google payments profile depends on you keeping your account password(s), PINs, and other access information for the Service confidential:
If you share your Google Account information with a third party, they will have access to your Google payments profile and your personal information
It is your responsibility to control access to your mobile device and the Google Payments application on your device, including keeping your password(s) and/or PIN confidential and not sharing it with anyone
It is also your responsibility to alert Google or the relevant partner if you believe that the security of the information in the Google Payments application has been compromised
Any information that you provide directly to a third-party merchant, website or application is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of merchants or other third parties with whom you choose to share your personal information directly. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party with whom you choose to share your personal information directly.
© 2025 Google –
Google Home
Google Terms of Service
Previous Privacy Notices
Sub-policy 4
http://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-pay/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Designed for Families
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Designed for Families
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Straps
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
When you add a card to Apple Pay, card-related information, location, and information about device settings and use patterns may be sent to Apple to determine eligibility.
Some of the above information, account-related information and paired-device details may be shared with your card issuer or bank to determine eligibility and for anti-fraud purposes.
When you use Apple Pay in apps and on the web, information necessary to process the payment is shared with the app or website. Your actual card number isn’t shared with the merchant.
Apple Pay data that can no longer be tied to you may be used by Apple to improve Apple Pay and other Apple products and services.
Apple Pay is a technology service provided by affiliates of Apple Inc., which are responsible for your personal data.
Apple Pay allows you to make secure purchases in shops, in apps and on the web, using your debit, credit and pre-paid cards.
Apple Pay is a technology service provided by affiliates of Apple Inc., which are responsible for your personal data. Your Apple Pay provider may differ depending on your location, such as Apple Payments Services LLC in the United States. For more information on Apple entities responsible for the processing of your personal data, visit Apple’s Privacy Policy at
apple.com/uk/privacy
and Apple-Affiliated Companies at
apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en/affiliated-company
.
Adding Cards to Apple Pay
When you are adding a payment card like store, credit, debit and pre-paid cards to Apple Pay, information you provide about your card and whether certain device settings are enabled may be sent to Apple in order to determine your eligibility to enable Apple Pay and its features. Your device may also evaluate device use patterns (for example, percentage of time device is in motion, approximate number of calls per week) to help identify fraud. The information evaluated by your device is not shared with Apple in a way that can be linked to you.
Your card issuer, payment network or provider authorised by your card issuer may share information about card features and benefits with Apple, such as whether it supports a rewards or instalments programme, to determine eligibility for certain Apple Pay features. Information may also be provided by Apple to those entities to enable Apple Pay, determine card eligibility, set up your card with Apple Pay and to prevent fraud, including:
Your credit, debit or pre-paid card number
The name and billing address associated with your Apple Account
General information about your Apple Account activity (for example, whether you have a long history of transactions within iTunes)
Information about your device and, if using Apple Watch, the paired iOS device (for example, a device identifier, phone number, and the name and model for both your Apple Watch and paired iOS device)
Location at the time you add your card (if you have Location Services enabled)
Account or device history of adding payment cards
Aggregated stats relating to the information from payment cards you’ve added or attempted to add to Apple Pay
When you add a card to Apple Pay using a third-party app such as a banking app, the app sends an account or card identifier to your device. This information is used by Apple and your card issuer to determine the eligibility of your card, set up your card with Apple Pay and to prevent fraud. To help you set up cards you have, or have recently had, on other devices, Apple stores a card reference with your Apple Account that can be used with the card issuer or payment network to re-add the card after entering the security code. Apple Pay does not store the original credit, debit or pre-paid card number.
Paying with Apple Pay
When you begin a payment, to enable tax and shipping cost calculation, your postcode or other equivalent information may be provided to the app, website or merchant. When you begin a payment within a third-party browser, the browser generates a QR code or an App Clip Code to scan with your Apple Pay–supporting device. Once scanned, Apple initiates a communication channel between the browser and the Apple Pay–supporting device, through which the browser and device share relevant transaction, billing and/or shipping information necessary to process the transaction.
If enhanced Apple Pay payment features such as the ability to pay with instalments or rewards are enabled, after you initiate an Apple Pay purchase, Apple will identify the payment options available to you based on what cards you have in your Wallet and the benefits and features of those cards, which are provided to Apple by the card issuers. You may also choose to have Apple identify additional payment options that may be available to you and that are not yet in your Wallet. To do so, Apple will use information about your transaction, such as merchant and amount, to determine whether additional payment methods are available for that transaction. Apple does not retain information about the transaction and the payment method eligibility check in a manner that is linked to you. If you choose to apply for a new payment method, your application information will be shared directly with the issuer and will not be seen or stored by Apple. To help you make informed financial decisions, if you choose to pay with rewards, Apple may use information about your card, card features and benefits, as well as the transaction merchant and amount, to fetch and display your current rewards balance, the rewards points (or equivalent) that would be charged for the transaction, and your rewards balance post transaction. To allow you to select the right instalment plan for your financial health, Apple provides your participating issuers with merchant and amount information, which they use to evaluate eligibility and provide Apple with a list of instalment options for display. Apple does not retain this information processed to provide enhanced Apple Pay payment features in a manner that is linked to you.
After you authorise the payment, other information requested by the merchant, such as a device- or merchant-specific account number, your shipping address or email address, is also provided. The card number from your credit, debit or pre-paid card is not provided when you use Apple Pay.
To help ensure that any recurring or other merchant-initiated charges like subscriptions are authorised by you, when you choose to provide eligible Apple Pay payment methods to participating merchants for recurring or merchant-initiated charges, your issuer and/or payment network will approve and generate a merchant-specific account number to be used for such charges. Only that merchant-specific account number can be used by a participating merchant to authorise transactions without you taking a specific action. Apple will know which merchants are associated with your merchant-specific account numbers, but not what you purchased or how much you paid for it. You can manage your merchant-specific account numbers in Wallet by tapping the card and tapping the More button to view card details.
For cards with certain enhanced fraud prevention, when you attempt an online or in-app transaction, your device will evaluate information about your Apple Account, device and location if you have enabled Location Services for Wallet, in order to develop on-device fraud prevention assessments. The output of the on-device fraud prevention assessments, but not the underlying data, will be sent to Apple and combined with information Apple knows about your device and account to develop Apple Pay transaction fraud prevention assessments. These transaction fraud prevention assessments may be shared with your payment network, together with a shipping address identifier and IP address if available, in order to prevent fraud at the time of transaction. The shipping address identifier differs per payment network and may be used to confirm whether shipping addresses for different transactions using a particular card on your device are the same, in a way that does not reveal the underlying address. You can check whether a card has this enhanced fraud prevention at any time by going to the back of your payment credential in Wallet. To prevent the sharing of fraud prevention assessments with your payment network, you can select another card.
When using an app or visiting a website through Safari that uses Apple Pay in iOS, watchOS or macOS, the app or website can check if you have Apple Pay enabled on that device. When visiting a website in Safari on an iOS device, or Mac to which a card cannot be added, the website can check if you have Apple Pay set up on an iPhone or Apple Watch using the same Apple Account. You can disable websites you visit from checking if Apple Pay is enabled by changing your settings. On iOS, go to Settings > Apps > Safari > Advanced > Check for Apple Pay. On Mac, go to Safari > Settings > Advanced and deselect “Allow websites to check for Apple Pay and Apple Card”.
Safeguarding Your Payment Methods
Safeguarding Safari Payment Methods
To help safeguard your payment methods on the Apple ecosystem and take advantage of the benefits of Apple Pay privacy and security, your supported Apple Pay payment methods from Wallet will also be available in Safari AutoFill. When shopping online with Safari AutoFill, for websites, you can set up a virtual card number to hide your physical card number, if supported by your participating card network and issuer. To enable this functionality, Apple will send limited information about your payment method to your network or issuer (or their authorised third party), which will generate a virtual card number for your use when shopping online with Safari AutoFill. To manage your Apple Pay card numbers, including virtual card numbers, go to the back of your pass in Wallet and tap to see Card Information. You may also help to safeguard payment methods already in Safari AutoFill by paying with Apple Pay or a virtual card number rather than your physical card number. To manage, go to Settings > Wallet & Apple Pay and tap Use Apple Pay When Available. When enabled, limited information about your saved card in Safari AutoFill necessary to verify eligibility for Apple Pay will be sent to your payment network for verification. If your payment network indicates the card is eligible, Apple will add the payment method to Wallet and your network will generate an Apple Pay card number for enhanced online shopping protection.
Safeguarding Apple Account Payment Methods
To help you manage your payment methods on the Apple ecosystem, Apple may check whether any Apple Pay payment methods are eligible to be added as a payment method on file to your Apple Account, and display those payment methods in Settings > [your name] > Payment & Shipping > Add Payment Method > Payment Method. When you conduct a transaction with your Apple Account, Apple may also check whether any Apple Account payment methods on file are eligible for Apple Pay. If so, to help safeguard your payment information, Apple may enable Apple Pay for that payment method. You can modify your Apple Account payment methods at any time by going to Settings > [your name] > Payment & Shipping.
Apple Transmits But Does Not Store Your Payment Information
In order to securely transmit your payment information within apps, websites and Business Chat, it is sent to Apple in encrypted form, where it is briefly decrypted and re-encrypted with a merchant-specific key, so that only the merchant, the developer or their payment processor can decrypt your payment information. When you make a payment on a Mac to which a card cannot be added, the Mac and the authorising device communicate over an encrypted channel via Apple servers. Apple does not retain any of this information in a form that personally identifies you.
Apple Pay also allows you to make payments in third-party browsers and use devices supporting Apple Pay to authorise the transaction. When using this feature, Apple will create a communication channel between the third-party browser and your authorising device via Apple servers to allow you to update your shipping and payment details, and provide your authorisation. Your shipping and billing information, and information about merchant charges, such as tax or shipping fees associated with your purchase, will briefly be visible to Apple. Apple does not retain any of this information in a form that personally identifies you.
Apple Pay Order Tracking
To provide you with order tracking, upon making an Apple Pay purchase, a participating merchant sends your device-limited order information for your device to use to track your order. And Apple provides the merchant with a merchant-specific device identifier and a push token the merchant can use to provide the device with order updates. Apple facilitates merchant updates, but does not store order information, nor track how many, how often or which merchants send order updates. Order tracking information is stored locally on your devices and is kept up to date across devices by syncing an encrypted copy, which cannot be accessed by Apple. You can manage your Apple Pay orders at any time by tapping to view your Orders, tapping on a specific order and tapping Manage Order. You can also manage notifications about Orders by going to Orders, tapping the More button, then tapping Mute Notifications.
When you sign out of your account, your device may still retain limited information about orders for which the device is getting updates. This information will not be visible to device users, will be retained for a short time, and used by your device only to help stop updates from being sent to the device after sign-out to prevent unauthorised access to your order information.
Sharing Account Activity with Third-Party Apps
You can share your Apple Card, Savings and Apple Cash account details and transaction history with participating personal financial management apps you trust from the App Store. Apps must request the ability to read your Apple Card, Savings or Apple Cash account activity from Apple Pay in Wallet. You have control over the data you share with these apps and can change what you share at any time. Account activity that you choose to share with a third-party app will be handled in accordance with that app’s privacy policy. Apple does not see or store your account details or transaction history when you share your account activity.
Applicable Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your Apple Pay personal data generally for performance of your contract with Apple, as necessary to provide the service and to comply with our legal obligations. Where consent is the appropriate legal basis, we seek it in accordance with applicable local law.
Where applicable local law provides, we process the following categories of personal data as necessary for purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party, including information about:
Your account, such as whether your account is active
Your device, such as the type of device, the software version and the device serial number
Your pass, such as information displayed on the pass
Your pass issuer, such as the third party authorised to provide updates to the pass
Your use of Apple Pay — for example, the number of Apple Pay passes you have added
Your location
These legitimate interests include:
Adding and managing a pass
Helping to improve and optimise the service for you and others
Helping you to discover features that are most relevant to you
Checking eligibility
Providing you with services you request
Sending you communications about Apple Pay and other Apple products, services and offers that may be of interest to you
Preventing fraud and other malicious activity
Other Information
To determine eligibility for Wallet and Apple Pay features, when you tap a card in Wallet, Apple may check feature eligibility by looking at the country in which the card was issued and whether the issuer participates in the feature.
If you have Location Services turned on, the location of your device at the time you use it to make purchases in stores may be sent anonymously to Apple and will be used to help Apple Pay improve the accuracy of business names in the Wallet card transaction history, and may be retained in aggregate to improve Apple Maps, Apple Pay and Wallet. You can disable this location-based functionality of Apple Pay at any time on your iOS device by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services > System Services and tapping to turn off Apple Pay Merchant Identification. On Mac, go to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Location Services, then click to turn off Wallet.
To help improve Apple Pay, Apple collects information about your use of Apple Pay and stores that information in a way that does not identify you personally. This information includes the time it takes you to successfully add a card or complete a transaction using Apple Pay. Apple may also use this information to improve other Apple products and services, for marketing, and for fraud and security purposes.
The terms of any cardholder, user, merchant agreement, or other terms and conditions applicable to the use of the features of Apple Pay will continue to govern the use of your cards and their use in connection with Apple Pay, and such terms may have additional privacy policies. Neither Apple nor its affiliates providing Apple Pay is a bank and this notice is in addition to any notices you may receive from your bank. In the event that Apple suspects fraud in connection with use of Apple Pay, information about the potentially fraudulent Apple account and transactions may be shared with your card issuer or payment network provider to prevent fraud.
Apple retains personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this notice and in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, or as required by law. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest period permissible by law.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
apple.com/uk/privacy
Published Date: September 20, 2024
Sub-policy 5
http://www.facebook.com/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Center
Make the privacy choices that are right for you. Learn how to manage and control your privacy on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and other Meta Products.
We build privacy into our products
Privacy Checkup
Tools like Privacy Checkup make it easy for you to take control of your privacy.
Private messaging
Our messaging products offer end-to-end encryption so your conversations stay safe and secure.
Teen privacy
Our default settings on Facebook and Instagram help keep teens’ accounts private.
Ads education
We show different factors that contribute to why you saw an ad and give you options to see more ads you like.
Privacy topics
Get answers to your privacy questions and manage your privacy in a way that’s right for you.
Generative AI
AI at Meta
Safety
Manage what you share to feel safer using our products
Location
Learn how to manage your location
Teens
Access support and resources for teens
View all topics
Learn about Meta’s commitment to privacy
Find more resources you can use to learn about how Meta builds privacy into its products.
More privacy resources
Learn more in the Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Privacy Policy
Looking for more privacy settings?
Quickly access your settings across Facebook and Messenger or Instagram
Facebook
Instagram
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
http://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.