We use cookies.
      This helps us run our website and give you a better experience. By using our site, you agree to our
cookie policy
.
ok
Privacy Policy
Table of contents
Introduction
Definitions
Information we collect
Collecting information about minors
How we use your personal information
In which cases we share your personal information
Cookies usage and similar tracking technologies
How we handle your social logins
Transferring of your personal information
How long we keep your information
How we keep your information safe
Your privacy rights
Updates to this notice
Contact us
Introduction
We respect your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way we use your personal information, you can contact us at
contactus@ncwallet.net
.
NC Wallet (“NCWallet”, “we”, “us”
or
“our”)
is the owner of the product you are now using, including but not limited to our websites, our apps, software, and anything else associated with our company further referred to as Products. By accessing or using our Products you trust us with your personal information. NC Wallet puts your privacy above all. Please, take a moment to read through this Privacy Policy (further as Policy) to understand the way we collect and disclose your Personal Information. By using our Products, you give us consent to use your personal information as described below. If you find any terms of this Policy unacceptable for you, we ask you to stop using our Products immediately.
This Policy applies to all personal information that we collect through our Products as well as any related services, sales, marketing, or events.
We provide cryptocurrency services worldwide and vigorously pursue compliance with every legislation applicable to us. NC Wallet is a personal data controller according to Article 3, paragraph 2 from Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of both the European Parliament and the Council on 27th April 2016, namely the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Definitions
“Personal Information”
as used in this Policy means any information relating to a person, for example, you. Personal Information may include name, identification number, location data, an online identifier, or any information you share with us.
“Digital Asset”
in this Policy is used to define a digital asset, such as bitcoin or ether, based on the cryptographic protocol of a computer network that is used to facilitate financial transactions as a medium of exchange and/or store of value.
Information we collect
Personal Information you give us
Quick overview: The information that you decide to disclose to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register an account in our Products or when you use them without registration, express an interest in our company, decide to purchase our Products or features inside of them, when you participate in activities related to our products, or when you contact us.
The type of Personal Information collected depends on the way you interact with our Products, the features you activate, and the choices you make when interacting with our Products in any way. Personal Information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You
. We may collect information that you use to interact with our Products, such as information given in the table below:
1.
Personal identification information.
Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, gender and date of birth, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name, education, employment, employment history
2.
Commercial information.
Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information
3.
Biometric information.
Fingerprints and voiceprints
4.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems and advertisements
5.
Geolocation data.
Device location
6.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities
7.
Professional or employment-related information.
Business contact details to provide you our services at a business level, job title as well as work history and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us
8.
Education Information.
Student records and directory information
9.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics
10.
Scan copies of your personal or corporate documents.
Proof of identity (such as passport, driver’s license, or government-issued ID), proof of domicile, bank details, Proof of legal existence, Corporate legal name (including the legal name in local language), Incorporation/registration Information, full legal name of all beneficial owners, directors, and legal representatives, Address (principal place of business and/or other physical locations) in order to confirm your identity or that you have a right to be acting on behalf of another individual or a legal entity.
11.
Payment data
. We may collect data required to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment method identification number (such as credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment method. All payment information is handled by payment method providers. You can find more information on their websites when performing a transaction.
12.
Social media login information
. We may provide you with the option to register with our Products using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called “HOW WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS” below.
13.
Promotion channels information
. For promotion purposes, we may ask you to provide us your email address or request permission to use push notifications on your device. This is what we call promotion channels, and we may send out emails or push notifications to announce our services, functions, researches, news, promotions, contests, and events. We may use a third-party email or push notification service provider to send out emails or to communicate better with our customers. For a smoother communication, we may share information, such as your email address, to the service provider for this limited purpose only.
14.
Personal information collected automatically
Quick overview: some information – such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics – is automatically collected when you use our Products.
When you visit, use, or navigate the Products we can collect some information that is not specific to your identity. It may include information about your device and Product usage, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about who and when you use our Products, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Products, for our internal analytics and reporting purposes, and your identification as a user.
Similar to many other companies we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The examples of automatically collected information may include the following:
Usage and log information. Usage and log information is necessary for the proper work of our Products, it includes diagnostics and performance information and is automatically collected by our Products. Depending on your activity in our Products, this usage information may include your IP address, device information, your browser, settings, and information about your interaction with our Products (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages, and files viewed, searches and actions you perform or features you use), device information (such as system activity, error reports (also known as crash dumps) and hardware settings).
Device Information. Device information means such information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access our Products. The type of information and the amount collected may vary depending on the type of device you use to access the Products. Device information may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), your device’s unique advertisement or application IDs, location, browser type, hardware model, internet service provider, mobile carrier, operating system configuration information.
Location Information. Location information is information about your device’s location, which can be precise and imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type of settings of the device you use to access the Products. For example, we may use GPS, IP address, cellular network, or similar technologies to find out your geolocation that tells us the location of the device you use to access our Products.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of our apps. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's or apps’ settings.
Collecting information about minors
By our Products, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of our Products. Because our Products are not intended for people under 18 years of age, we inform you that we will not use their Personal Information and delete it immediately if we find out that our Products are being used by someone under 18 years of age. If you think that we possess Personal Information of people under 18 years of age, please contact us at
contactus@ncwallet.net
.
How we use your personal information
Quick overview: We will only use your Personal Information upon your consent, to comply with laws and regulations, to provide you with services, or to fulfill business obligations.
We use personal information collected via our Products to achieve our legitimate business interests, to enter or fulfill a contract with you with your consent, and/or to comply with anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws and other legal regulations. Your personal information may also be required to maintain the security and operation of our apps, for troubleshooting, our internal analytics and reporting purposes, promotion, notification about new features and events. We indicate the specific purposes for using your Personal Information below. We collect or request your personal information to:
Let you create and log in to your account. We may use your Personal Information if you choose to connect a third-party social media account with our Products, we use the information from that third-party social media account to either allow you quickly log in to our Products or to create a new account that can be used with our products to fulfill the terms of our agreement with you. See the section below “HOW WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS” for further information.
Request and post feedback. We may use your Personal Information to request and post your feedback about our Products, which may contain your personal information. All feedback requests require your mandatory consent to be posted and to use your Personal Information. If you wish to update or delete your feedback, please contact us at
contactus@ncwallet.net
with details about the location of the feedback and your contact information.
Manage user accounts. We may use your Personal Information to create, edit, manage access to user accounts, protect legal interests, or enforce moderation of the accounts.
Inform you. We may use your Personal Information to inform you about your billing account status, new features, and products, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To protect our Products, your data, and/or Digital Assets. We may use your Personal Information to fulfill legal requests from authorities, to enforce other policies (such as anti-money laundering policy), or to monitor fraudulent activity.
Execute and manage your orders. We may use your Personal Information to fulfill your orders, payments, refunds, and exchange requests within our Products.
Reward winners. We may use your Personal Information to reward winners when you choose to take part in competitions or similar events.
Provide you the requested service. We may use your Personal Information to provide you the requested service or function, respond to issues you reported, solve requests you submitted, and provide support.
Send you marketing and promotional communications. We may use your Personal Information to deliver you marketing and promotional communications.
Deliver targeted advertisement to you. We may use your Personal Information to create and deliver you content and advertisement based on your interests or location, monitor its’ effectiveness.
For other business purposes. We may use your Personal Information for other business purposes, such as data review or analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional and marketing campaigns, evaluation, and improvement of your experience, our Products, services, and their functions. We may use and store this information in an aggregated and anonymized form so that it will not be possible to deduct the personality of end-users. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
In which cases we share your personal information
Quick overview: We may share your personal information with our affiliate companies, target advertisement service providers, email delivery services, and other third parties.
We may share your personal information in business cases described below, each time we will share only the necessary minimum or your Personal Information required for the third party to perform their task and make sure that the third party keeps to our security standards:
Business transfers and affiliates. We may share your Personal Information if there is an ongoing partnership, merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our company by other businesses, or during acquisition of another business by our company. We may also share your Personal Information with affiliated companies. If such situations occur, we will see that the affiliate company honors this privacy Policy. An affiliate company is a company that is related to NC Wallet in any way: parent company, any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us. We may also share your Personal Information with our subcontractors if this is necessary to fulfill the obligation of our contract with you.
Target advertisement providers. We may share your Personal Information (such as information about your device, your online search activity etc.) with third-party advertisement services to provide you personalized commercial products and services. Our target advertisement partners include but are not limited to: Google AdSense, Google Ads Remarketing, Google Analytics, Facebook advertisement network, Affiliate Marketing Programs such as iTunes Affiliation.
Third-party email services providers. We may share your Personal Information (such as email address) with third-party email services providers to deliver you email notifications about our Products, new services, and features. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the “YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS” below).
Other third-party consultation. We may share your Personal Information with other third-party consultants, vendors, or other service providers who perform services for or on behalf of our company and require such information to perform their work. Such situations may include handling of payment, data analysis, email delivery, hosting, marketing, and customer services. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on our Products, which will enable them to collect information on our behalf about how you interact with our Products over time. This information may be used to, among other things, review and monitor information, determine the demand for our Products, their features, websites, content, competitions, and allow for the analytics of user activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not disclose, trade, or lease any of your Personal Information to any party for their promotional, commercial, or other purposes. Any third party that processes our data must enter a contract with our company designed to protect and secure your Personal Information. This makes them unable to do anything with your Personal Information without our consent or share it with any organization other than our own. They also commit to protect the data made available to them by us and to keep it for the period we instruct.
Cookies usage and similar tracking technologies
Quick overview: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
Cookies represent small strings of text that are generated by our server, stored in your browser, and used to identify you in certain ways. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect our Products in different ways.
There are several types of cookies that can be used for different purposes, but they can be divided into basic categories such as:
Basic cookies
. Such cookies are necessary for the operation of our Products. These cookies are used, for example, to log into secure areas of our website, use a dashboard, shopping cart, billing services, or manage digital assets.
Service cookies
. They allow us to detect and count the number of people using our Products, using our website, or interacting with them. These cookies help us analyze and improve our Products, monitor the statistics, and troubleshoot any issues as soon as they appear.
Functionality cookies
. These cookies let us identify you so we could serve you our Products. They are also required for personalized functions, notifications, and content, to tie all the Personal Information received from you together for better personalized service, and remember your preferences (such as your regional or language settings.
Advertisement cookies
. These cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) may be used to deliver you personalized advertisement based on your interests and activity. We may also share your Personal Information obtained through such cookies with our third-party advertisement partners.
Please note that third parties can use their own cookies. These companies may use information about your activity on our websites or interact with our other Products as well as other websites and products that are stored in web cookies. We do not have control over these cookies used by third parties such as advertising services or traffic analytics services, we are responsible only for the cookies used by us.
You may disable the function to use Cookies in your browser’s menu, however, this may result in you not being able to use all or part of the services of our Products.
The cookies we use have various validity terms, you can find out more about our cookies by contacting us at
contactus@ncwallet.net
.
How we handle your social logins
Quick overview: If you choose to register or log in to our Products using a social media account, we may have access to some of your Personal Information.
Our Products may provide you an ability to connect a third-party social media account (Facebook, Google, Twitter, and VKontakte accounts) to enable you to quickly log in or create a new account that can be used with our Products. When you link your social media account with our Products, we receive access to certain profile information about you from your social media account. The profile information we receive may differ from one social media platform to another, but it will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public on a social media platform. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes described in this Privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in our Products.
We do not control and are not responsible for other ways your personal information may be used by your social media platform. We advise you to review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can adjust your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
Transferring of your personal information
Quick overview: Your information may be stored, transferred, and processed in countries other than the country of your residence.
Our main servers are located in EEA (European Economic Area), however, we may partner with companies (for example, advertisement companies), who have servers located worldwide. It means that some of your personal information may be transferred, stored, and processed in countries outside of EEA or the country of your residence. In each case, we do our best to ensure the security of your Personal Information and trust it only to partners in countries that can keep to our security standard.
When you are accessing our Products, please note that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "IN WHICH CASES WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION" above), within EEA, and other countries.
How long we keep your information
Quick overview: We keep your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your Personal Information for as long as it is required for the purposes laid in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us to keep your personal information for a longer time than the period in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Regardless of the above, we ask you to consider that no internet transmission is 100% safe, and despite our best measures, we cannot guarantee absolute protection of your Personal Information once it leaves you and reaches us.
How we keep your information safe
Quick overview: We take appropriate security measures to ensure the safety of Personal Information you disclose to us.
We have implemented serious security measures to ensure that your Personal Information stays safe with us. We can guarantee that your Personal Information stays safe with us. However, despite any safeguards, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will be safe after it leaves you, and before it reaches us. We cannot guarantee hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access our Products within a secure environment.
If you suspect that Personal Information you have disclosed to us has been compromised, in particular the account or password information, contact us immediately at
contactus@ncwallet.net
.
Your privacy rights
Quick overview: Some regions such as the European Economic Area allow you greater access to and control over your Personal Information, you may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
Some regions such as the European Economic Area give you broader control of your Personal Information. The rights concerning your Personal Information may include the right to:
Request access and receive a copy of your Personal Information;
Request cleanup or deletion;
Restrict the processing of your Personal Information;
Data portability (if applicable).
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, you can contact our Data Protection Officer.
The person in charge of ensuring the security of your Personal Information within our company is called a Data Protection Officer. If you have any questions regarding your Personal Information, the way we use, protect or share it, want to request its removal or if you have any other questions regarding this Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
contactus@ncwallet.net
. This person is also the primary contact for Data Protection Supervisory Authority inquiries.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and you feel we may not be adhering to the terms within this Privacy Policy or to raise a complaint, you may contact an appropriate Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
You can opt-out of allowing us to collect and use your Personal Information at any time, however, opting out may interfere with your experience of using our Products or their certain functions, or make it impossible for you to use our Products completely or partially.
You also have a right not to disclose your Personal Information to us. The choice to provide your Personal Information to us is voluntary, however, if you choose to do so, some of our Products and/or their features may not be working properly. Besides, some of your Personal Information (such as basic cookies, automatically collected information about your device, etc.) may still be collected.
Place of your residence doesn’t affect your rights to manage the following Personal Information:
Account information
. At any time, you can review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided.
Logging in to your account settings and updating your user account.
Cookies and similar technologies
. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Products.
Opting out of email marketing
. You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotion emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we may still communicate with you, for example, to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
Access your account settings and update your preferences.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Opting out of push notifications
. You can always completely or partially opt-out of receiving push notifications at any time by configuring your device settings or managing notification settings inside our Products. We may still send you some critical or service notifications.
Updates to this notice
Quick overview: We will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with the relevant laws.
We leave the right to amend the terms of this Policy at any time to stay compliant with the relevant legislation. The updated version will become effective as soon as it is accessible. We will include the amended version in our Products or on our Website, indicating the date of the revision. If we make updates to this Policy, we may inform you by posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to get acknowledged with the ways we protect your privacy.
Contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Policy, please let us know by sending us a message to
contactus@ncwallet.net
.
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Telegram
Reddit
Share this page into
VK
Pinterest
Linkedin
Flipboard
Email
Tumblr
LINE
Viber