Last Updated: January 20th, 2022
At MyWallSt Ltd., when it comes to matters of money, we believe in transparency and accountability. Day in and day out, we dedicate ourselves to delivering responsible investing ideas and sound financial education. That's why, when it comes to talking about stocks, we think it's important that you know exactly where we're coming from. With this in mind, we have developed a company-wide disclosure policy to guide our business and communications. We invite you to take some time to read through it, and hope it helps inform your experience with MyWallSt.
Investors Communicating With Investors
MyWallSt is a company that represents investors teaching and learning from other investors. Many financial publications do not permit their writers and editors to own stocks. MyWallSt not only permits, but also encourages its staff to invest in common stock. Why? Two reasons.
First, we strongly believe the most effective way to create wealth is through the long-term ownership of stocks. The stock market has compounded 10% average annual returns over the last century. We believe in using the stock market as a savings bank, and we strongly encourage treating money management as a lifelong endeavor. Therefore, we think it'd be downright mean of us to close that avenue of investment to our employees.
Second, and more important, we don't consider our employees to be journalists, but rather communicators and teachers of financial matters. It's a subtle but critical difference that affects our entire service -- from our online site at mywallst.com, to our investment apps & services, our podcasts and ebooks. As a company, we utilize every available medium to teach people of all ages, all income levels, all backgrounds, and all genetic codes about money and its applications in modern life. Therefore, we believe our staff's involvement in managing their own money is critical to their learning more about the subject and their succeeding in their own lives. And who better to write about investing than those who do it themselves?
MyWallSt writes about stocks in both free and paid content. We will disclose our recommendation or ownership until we cease to recommend the stock, or we sell our entire position. Of course, in both free and paid content we will continue to disclose whether the author has an interest in the stocks mentioned.
Internally, MyWallSt has always strived to operate with the highest levels of integrity and transparency. As such, here are the key components of MyWallSt’s disclosure policy:
Disclosure
• When a writer writes about a stock that he or she has a position or beneficial interest in, that fact is disclosed at the end of the article.
• All MyWallSt employees are required to publicly disclose their current individual positions
• Affiliates of MyWallSt may provide individualized investment advice and investment products. These companies may recommend or hold securities mentioned in our publications. Editorial personnel have no knowledge of any affiliates' holdings and/or specific recommendations, and the affiliates' personnel have no knowledge of any editorial content before it is published. Our affiliate companies may also have their own disclosure policies, which they may make available on their respective sites.
Trading Restrictions
In addition to the above disclosure requirements, MyWallSt employees work under additional trading restrictions and guidelines. These restrictions require that they:
• Must hold any stock they own for at least 10 days. (No day trading allowed -- as if we'd want to!)
• Cannot write about a stock in the period of 2 market days before to 2 market days after purchasing or selling the stock.
• Must notify our compliance department every time they buy or sell a stock, regardless of whether they have written about it.
Business and Technology Partners
We have business relationships with an ever-changing assortment of companies, including technology vendors, leasing companies, data providers, banks, distribution channels, advertisers, landlords, accountants, and legal advisors. Many of these companies are public companies operating in industries that we follow. There may be instances in which one of our services recommends a company with whom we have a business relationship. These occurrences are unintentional and coincidental, as the business end of MyWallSt has no input or influence on the editorial side of things.
In Conclusion
We have designed our disclosure and trading guidelines to serve our community, our customers, and our employees fairly. As always, though, you should remember to consider every piece of investment information you receive, here at MyWallSt or elsewhere, not as a de facto recommendation, but as an idea for further consideration. Even the strongest disclosure policy in the world does not excuse individuals from taking responsibility for their own decisions. Due diligence, critical thought, and use of the most extraordinary device in the world (the human brain) are crucial to your financial success.