Hilyal Live Privacy Policy
Last updated:
August 30, 2023
Hilyal Live and its affiliates (referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our”) are committed to safeguarding the personal information it collects when you use our website at www.joilive.net (the “Site”), mobile applications that hyperlink to this Policy (the “Apps”, and together with the Site, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy describes our personal data handling practices in relation to the Services. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at support@joilive.net, with a copy to: legal@joilive.net.
If there is any inconsistency or ambiguity between the English version and any other language version, the English version shall prevail.
1. Acceptance and Change
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you use the Services. If you do not agree with the following terms and conditions, please exit immediately. By using the Services, you consent to the below Privacy Policy. We may revise the Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. You are therefore advised to visit this page every time you visit the Services to review the then current Privacy Policy to which you are bound.
2. Information Collected
In this Policy, the term “Personal Data” includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. We will only collect Personal Data that is necessary for and directly related to our provision of the Services and optimizing and enhancing your Hilyal Live experience.
When you access or use our Services, we may generally collect the Personal Data described below.
Information you provide us directly:
Registration Information and Profiles.
such as your name, your alias, profile images, date of birth, phone number (or email, if applicable), email address, password, user identifier and language. We also collect the information from the third party account which can be used to identify you.
User Content.
such as comments, texts, messages, pictures, images, videos, sounds, code or other data or materials that you upload, distribute or stream on the website or application when you use  Services.
Communications Between Users and Hilyal Live.
such as information used to verify with your account or to resolve your feedback or complaints.
Geolocation Data.
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your profile or other information you provide. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit the Services from certain geographic regions, or more accurately filter results on the Services.
Face Image Data.
We may also track your face and collect the data of your facial expressions, mannerisms, movements for setting your virtual image. We do not  share your facial image data with third parties. About TrueDepth API. We do not collect any information using the TrueDepth API. We use the API only to track your facial expressions, mannerisms, and movements for setting your virtual image. The face data can not be shared with third parties.
Information we automatically collect about you:
Activity Data.
We collect information about your use of the Services through third-party analytics tools. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Services, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We anonymize or aggregate such information so that it cannot be used to identify any individual User.
Device information and Log information.
we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use the Services.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use our Product and its features. Also, we may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device (e.g., computer, phone, or tablet) with us by adjusting your device or browser settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we may not be able to provide some functions on our Services. For more information about our cookies and similar tracking technologies, and how to manage them, please read our
Cookies Policy.
Automatic log updates.
Automated data collection does not lead to profiling that significantly affects Hilyal Live users, but simply gives Hilyal Live a broad picture of its users and broadcasters.
INSTALLED APPLICATION INFORMATION
. INSTALLED APPLICATION INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED FOR COMPLIANCE PURPOSE. THE DATA COLLECTION DOES NOT LEAD TO PERSONAL PROFILING THAT SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACTS Hilyal Live USERS. FOR INSTANCE, IF USERS INSTALLED CRACK APPLICATIONS INTO THEIR DEVICES, THE SUBJECT ACCOUNTS MAY BE CONSIDERED HIGH RISK AND CERTAIN FUNCTIONS OF Hilyal Live APP MAY BE CEASED DUE TO SUCH RISKS. INSTALLED APPLICATION INFORMATION COLLECTED WILL BE UPLOADED TO
www.joilive.net
FOR COMPLIANCE PROCESS.
Information we obtain about you from
third party sources:
Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services.
We collect publicly available information, such as your public social media profiles or other content available on the Internet. Collecting such information helps us better understand your interest and preferences so that we can improve the accuracy of our information about you, better understand your needs, and to optimize our Services.
Third-Party Services.
Upon your request, we may collect or share information about you or others from third-party products or services integrated into our Services.
Things Others Do and Information They Provide About You.
We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Service. This can include information about you, such as when others share or comment on a photo or a video of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information.
How We Use Your Information
We use the Personal Data we gather through the Services for the purposes described below.
A.  T
o provide the Services to you, we need to use or share certain information about you with our third party providers or partners to the extent necessary.
B.  T
o keep you updated of the Services, or to notify you of necessary information about the Services, we will use your contact information to communicate with you. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from such communications because you could miss important developments relating to your account or the Services that may affect how you can use our Services.
C.	To
help you with any questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback.
D.  To enforce our terms of use and to comply with our legal obligations;
E.  T
o improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access your account with us.
G. T
o personalize your experience on our Services via social media plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more.
H.
To help us improve our Services, build new Services, and build customized features or Services. and to train and improve our technology such as our machine learning modules, algorithms, and labs.Such processing ensures your continued use of part or all of our Services.
I.
To send marketing communications to you or your friends when you share your friend's contact information with us. You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time.
Before we use your Personal Data in any other ways, we will disclose such other purposes to you.
You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your Personal Data for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your Personal Data, some or all of the Services may not be available to you.
5. How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your Personal Data with third parties in the following circumstances:
Affiliated Businesses.
We share your Personal Data within our group of companies, and these related group companies may only use your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These related group companies for the purposes of providing the Services to you, and carrying out our obligations and enforcing our rights under this Privacy Policy;.
Our Service Providers, Business Partners and Others.
We also may share your Personal Data with our service providers, business partners or third-party organizations that help us provide the Services to you ("Service Providers"). Such entities will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Services under reasonable confidentiality terms. For details and a complete list of LCN, please see [
LCN
].
Business Transfers or Bankruptcy.
We share your Personal Data to third parties or related group companies in the event of a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, we will transfer your information to such entity accordingly so that your service can continue. Under these circumstances, we will always require the third parties or related group companies to comply with this Privacy Policy..
Responding to Legal Requests and Preventing Harm.
We may share your Personal Data to government, public, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement bodies or authorities. There are circumstances in which we are legally required to disclose your information, including (i) to comply with a legal obligation or request, such as a court order, subpoena or other legal process, (ii) to enforce our terms, (iii) to address issues relating to security or fraud, or (iv) where there is an imminent emergency involving risk of death, serious physical injury to a person or any risk of harm to a child, and in both cases, provided that the requesting entity has valid jurisdiction and power to obtain your Personal Data.
6.  Marketing
You can unsubscribe from marketing email
communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes, updates to features of the Services, technical and security notices).
7.
Transfer of Your Information
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such Personal Data represents your agreement to that transfer.
Update and Access Your Information
You may update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings. If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, please contact us directly at
support@joilive.net.
Minor's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors under 18 years old (or the minimum age requirement for creation of an Hilyal Live Account without parental consent in your country), unless permitted to do so by applicable law.
Children under 18 years old are not permitted to use our Services. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Data from a minor, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information in our database. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor, and you believe your child has provided us with their Personal Data on our Services, please contact us immediately at support@joilive.net.
10. Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Data. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data.  In addition, we require all our service providers handling Personal Data also maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data you provide to us.
However, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur. We also have no way of protecting any of your Personal Data that is not in our control, such as any information transmitted via email or wireless connections.
Maintaining the security of your Personal Data is also your responsibility. Where we require you to register an account, you should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity and keep your password confidential. Do not leave your device unlocked while your are away. Make sure to use trusted wireless connections to access or use our Services.
If you think there has been unauthorized access to or use of your account, please contact us immediately at support@joilive.net.
11.
Retention of Personal Data
We will try to limit the storage of your Personal Data to the time necessary to serve the purpose(s) for which your Personal Data is processed, to enforce our agreements, policies or terms, to resolve disputes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Please contact us if you have any questions about our retention periods. While retention requirements can vary by country, we generally apply the retention periods noted below.
Marketing.
We store information used for marketing purposes indefinitely until you unsubscribe. Once you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we add your contact information to our suppression list to ensure we respect your unsubscribe request.
Activity Data.
We may store any information about your interactions on our Services or any content created, posted or shared by you on our Services (e.g. videos, comments, support tickets, and other content) indefinitely after the closure of your account for the establishment or defense against legal claims, audit and crime prevention purposes.
Web Behavior Data.
We retain any information collected via cookies, clear gifs, flash cookies, web page counters and other technical or analytic tools in our system for a certain date and time from expiry of the cookie or the date of collection.
12. 	Do Not Track
We do not track or respond to browser "
DO-NOT-TRACK" requests.
13.
California Residents
If you are a resident of California, please see the following policy for California consumers, which addresses what additional rights California's users have under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended(“CCPA”).
Even though we do not currently “sell” personal information, we generally reserve the right to “sell” personal information as defined under the CCPA in the future and we also reserve the right for California consumers to opt-out of the "sale" of any such personal information in the future, please click
here
.
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercised your CCPA rights.
We will require you to provide sufficient information to verify your identity before processing your request, or we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and/or right to deletion. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding our receipt of your verifiable consumer request. However, under CCPA, if your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded, we have a right to ask you to bear a fee for your request. On this case, we will tell you the reason and provide you with a cost estimate.
Within the last twelve (12) months, we disclose the following categories of personal information for performing the services:
Category
Examples
Sources
Identifiers.
A unique device identifier, online identifier (such as Android ID, Google Advertising ID, Identifier For Advertising), Internet Protocol address, cookie ID, email address or other similar identifiers.
You provide directly and through your interactions with the Services.
Through our business partners, such as ad technology providers that help us provide users relevant ads and understand the ads’ effectiveness
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a user's interaction with or website, application, or advertisement.
Through your interactions with the Services.
Geo-location data.
Physical location or movements.
You provide directly;
and through your interactions with the Services.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, telephone number, gender, date of birth, username, password, email address, picture, address, bank account number (encrypted), credit card number (encrypted), debit card number (encrypted).
You provide directly.
Commercial information.
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
You provide directly or through your interactions with the Services;
and from our business partners.
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
You provide directly.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
You provide directly or through your interactions with the Services.
14. Information for Residents in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland (the “Designated Countries”)
This section only applies to users of our Services that are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and/or Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address or MCC (mobile county code) to identify which country you are located in.
Where we rely on your IP address or MCC, we cannot apply the terms of this section to any user that masks or otherwise obfuscates their location information so as not to appear located in the Designated Countries. If any provision in this section conflicts with other terms in this Policy, the terms in this section shall apply to users in the Designated Countries.
A. Our Relationship to You
Hilyal Live is a data controller with regards to any Personal Data collected from users of its Services. A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any Personal Data is processed. Any third parties that act as our Services providers are “data processors” that handle your Personal Data in accordance with instructions pursuant to a contract.
You are a “user.”  Users are individuals providing Personal Data to us via our Services, such as by creating an account with our Apps, or otherwise accessing or using our Services.
B.  Marketing Activities
If you are located in the Designated Countries and are a current User, we will only contact you by electronic means (such as email or SMS) per your communication preferences and/or with information about our Services that are similar to the Services you previously purchased from us or negotiated to purchase from us.
For new users located in the Designated Countries, we will contact you by electronic means for marketing purposes only based on your consent or based on your friends’ consent. You can always withdraw your consent or change your marketing communication preferences at any time and free of charge. To opt out of the emails, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the end of marketing emails. Marketing communications are promotional in nature and do not include transactional or Service-related communications.
C. Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
The legal bases on which we rely to process your Personal Data include: your consent to the processing; satisfaction of our legal obligations; necessity to protect your vital interests; necessity to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts we entered with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you; necessity to process in the public interest; or for our legitimate interests as described in those sections.  Below is a chart indicating the legal bases we rely on in processing Personal Data.
Section
Purposes of Processing
Legal Basis
4(A)
Provide the Services
Processing is based on our contract obligations or to take steps at the request of the individual prior to entering into a contract.
4(B)
Send Service-related Communications
4(C)
Provide Customer Support
4(D)
Enforce our Terms, Agreements or Policies
5(A)
Affiliated Businesses
5(B)
Our Service Providers, Business Partners and Others
3(C)
4(E)
Third-Party Marketing Partners and Social Media Platforms
Security Purposes
Processing is based on our legitimate interest to better understand and serve our Users, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about Users, and to better promote or optimize our Services.
4(H)
Conduct Research and Product Development
4(G)
Personalize the Services for You
4(F)
Maintain Legal or Regulatory Compliance
Processing is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, the public interests, and/or in your vital interests.
5(D)
5(C)
Responding to Legal Requests and Preventing Harm
Business Transfer
D.  Individual Rights
When we rely on consent to use your personal information, or as otherwise required by applicable law, you have the right to withdraw consent, to object processing, to refuse automated individual decision-making, to make corrections or supplements, to restrict our processing your personal information, or to request us to delete your personal information collected directly from you unless we need it for legally permissible purposes. In addition, where processing of your personal information is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or, where technically feasible, to transfer your personal data to another company.
Please contact us Data Protection Officer at  support@joilive.net if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law. When we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways:
Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
To protect our rights and properties; and
Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
15.  How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Services, please contact us at  support@joilive.net, with a copy to: legal@joilive.net.