Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 11th June 2024
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the privacy practices of Luma AI (“Luma”) and how we handle personal information that we collect from our customers and website visitors through our website, applications, and through other interactions and correspondence with you (collectively, the “Services”). If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), “personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures described in this Privacy Policy. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our
Terms of Service
.
Personal information we collect:
We may collect a variety of personal information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
If you do not provide your personal information when requested, you may not be able to use our Services if that personal information is necessary to provide you with our Services or if we are legally required to collect it.
Information you provide to us:
Contact details
, such as your first and last name, and email address.
Authentication Credentials
, that let you access your accounts and your information via other service providers.
Pictures
, which may contain an image of your face or other identifying features.
Communications
that we exchange with you, including when you contact us via our website, applications, or on Discord with questions, feedback, or otherwise.
Payment information
required by our payment processor, Stripe, Inc., needed to complete your transactions to use our Services, including name, payment card information, and billing information. We do not store payment card numbers.
Marketing information
, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications, and details about your engagement with those communications.
Other data
not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Information we obtain from third parties:
Social media information.
We may maintain pages on social media platforms, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, and other third-party platforms. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, the platform provider’s privacy policy will apply to your interactions and their collection, use and processing of your personal information. You or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third-party login information.
When you link, connect, or login to the Services with a third party service (e.g. Google, Facebook, or Apple), you direct the service to send us information such as your registration, friends list, and profile information as controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.
Other Sources.
We may obtain your personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly-available sources and data providers.
Automatic data collection.
We and our service providers may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with our Services, our communications and other online services, such as:
Device data
, such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., WiFi, LTE, 4G), and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
Online activity data
, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, browsing history, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them.
We use the following tools for automatic data collection:
Cookies
, which are text files that websites store on a visitor‘s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating online advertising. Below is an overview of the types of cookies we and third parties may use to collect information:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
. Some cookies are strictly necessary to make our Services available to you. We cannot provide you with our Services without this type of cookies.
Functional Cookies.
Functional cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Services. This enables us to adapt our content for you and remember your preferences. For example, we use functional cookies to remember your choice of language or region.
Analytical or Performance Cookies
. We also use cookies for website analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain and improve our Services. We may use our own analytics cookies or use third-party analytics providers.
Local storage technologies
, like HTML5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
How we use your personal information:
To operate our Services:
Provide, operate, and improve our Services and our business;
Process your payments and complete transactions with you;
Communicate with you about our Services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Provide support, and respond to requests, questions, and feedback.
For research and development.
To analyze and improve the Services and to develop new products and Services, including by studying use of our Services.
For marketing and advertising.
We and our advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including:
Direct marketing.
We or our advertising partners may from time-to-time send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via email and in-app notifications. You may opt out of our marketing communications as described in the “Opt out of marketing communications” section below.
Interest-based advertising.
We engage our advertising partners, including third party advertising companies and social media companies, to display ads around the web. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the “Automatic data collection” section above) over time across our Services, our communications and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the “Online tracking opt-out” section below.
To comply with law.
As we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
To: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern our Services; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
To create anonymous data.
To create anonymous data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve our Services, conduct research, and promote our business.
Legal Bases for Processing European Personal Information:
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, we only process your personal information when we have a valid “legal basis,” including as set forth below.
Consent
. We may process your personal information where you have consented to certain processing of your personal information. For example, we may process your personal information to use cookies where you have consented to such use.
Contractual Necessity
. We may process your personal information where required to provide you with our Services. For example, we may need to process your personal information to respond to your inquiries or requests.
Compliance with a Legal Obligation
. We may process your personal information where we have a legal obligation to do so. For example, we may process your personal information to comply with tax, labor and accounting obligations.
Legitimate Interests
. We may process your personal information where we or a third party have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information. Specifically, we have a legitimate interest in using your personal information for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your personal information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
How we share your personal information:
Service providers.
We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate our Services (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, payment processing, and database management services).
Professional advisors.
We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety.
We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above.
Business transfers.
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. In such a case, we will make reasonable efforts to require the recipient to honor this Privacy Policy.
How you share personal information:
The public
. You may choose to export output based on the pictures you submit to us and use it for any purpose, including for display on the website of an online retailer or on social media.
Your choices:
Access or update your information.
To keep your information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct information in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services.
Opt out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails or texts by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the marketing communication we send you, or by contacting us at hello@lumalabs.ai Even if you opt out of marketing-related communications, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing communications.
Online tracking opt-out.
There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through our Services, which we have summarized below:
Blocking cookies in your browser.
Most browsers let you remove or reject third-party cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
Use the following links to learn more about how to control cookies and online tracking through your browser:
Firefox
;
Chrome
;
Microsoft Edge
;
Safari
Blocking advertising ID use in your mobile settings.
Your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.
Using privacy plug-ins or browsers.
You can block our Services from setting third-party cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like
Brave
, or installing browser plugins like
Privacy Badger
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Ghostery
or
uBlock Origin
, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers.
Platform opt-outs.
The following advertising partners offer opt-out features that let you opt out of use of your information for interest-based advertising:
Google:
link
Facebook:
link
TikTok:
link
Twitter:
link
Advertising industry opt-out tools.
You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies:
Digital Advertising Alliance:
link
Network Advertising Initiative:
link
Note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Your European Privacy Rights
. If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have additional rights described below. You may request access to the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, restrict or object to the processing of your personal information, have your personal information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your personal information to another company. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your personal information at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy. Before fulfilling your request, we may ask you to provide reasonable information to verify your identity. Please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
How to Block Cookies
. You can block cookies by setting your internet browser to block some or all cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Services. By using our Services, you consent to our use of cookies and our processing of information collected through such cookies, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting placed cookies and disabling cookies in your browser, or as explained below. You can change your browser settings to block or notify you when you receive a cookie, delete cookies or browse our Services using your browser’s anonymous usage setting. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. If you do not agree to our use of cookies or similar technologies which store information on your device, you should change your browser settings accordingly. You should understand that some features of our Services may not function properly if you do not accept cookies or these technologies. Where required by applicable law, you will be asked to consent to certain cookies and similar technologies before we use or install them on your computer or other device.
Other sites, mobile applications and services
Our Services may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.
In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites and mobile applications and online services you use.
Data Retention
We take measures to delete your personal information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this personal information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this personal information for a longer period.  When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the Website we provide to you if we delete some personal information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law, and any relevant statute of limitations.
Security practices
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration and destruction of personal information we maintain. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information.
Children
Our Services are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Services from a child under 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it.
International Visitors
Our Services are hosted in the United States (“
U.S.
”) and intended for visitors located within the U.S. If you choose to use our Services from the EEA, the UK or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the U.S. for storage and processing. We may transfer personal information from the EEA or the UK to the United States and other third countries based on European Commission-approved or UK Government-approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or otherwise in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may also transfer your personal information from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating our Services. By providing any information, including personal information, on or through our Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on our Services.
How to contact us
Please direct any questions or comments about this Policy or privacy practices to hello@lumalabs.ai. You may also write to us via postal mail at: 380 Hamilton Ave, P.O. Box 102, Palo Alto, CA, 94301
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.eff.org/privacybadger:
Skip to main content
About
Contact
Press
People
Opportunities
Issues
Free Speech
Privacy
Creativity and Innovation
Transparency
International
Security
Our Work
Deeplinks Blog
Press Releases
Events
Legal Cases
Whitepapers
Podcast
Annual Reports
Take Action
Action Center
Electronic Frontier Alliance
Volunteer
Tools
Privacy Badger
Surveillance Self-Defense
Certbot
Atlas of Surveillance
Cover Your Tracks
Street Level Surveillance
apkeep
Donate
Donate to EFF
Giving Societies
Shop
Org. Membership
Other Ways to Give
Membership FAQ
Donate
Donate to EFF
Shop
Other Ways to Give
Search form
Search
Email updates on news, actions,
and events in your area.
Join EFF Lists
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Donate
Privacy Badger
PAGE
Privacy Badger
Privacy Badger
is an install-and-forget browser add-on that stops advertisers and trackers from secretly tracking where you go and what pages you look at on the web. If an advertiser or other third party seems to be tracking you across multiple websites without your permission, Privacy Badger automatically blocks them from loading any more content in your browser.
visit Privacy Badger
Learn more, download and install from privacybadger.org
Back to top
Check out our 4-star rating on
Charity Navigator
.
JavaScript license information