Privacy Policy
introduction
Welcome to Wirevpn!
We attach great importance to the privacy and security of users. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to better help you understand Wirevpn through this "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter "Wirevpn", "Wirevpn" ” or “we”) how this information is collected, used and stored.
For the relevant technical vocabulary involved in this "Privacy Policy", we try to be concise and concise, and provide further explanations for your understanding.
By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, you can contact us at any time.
1. Information collection
The data we collect depends on your interaction with us. When we provide services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you.
If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the effects of related services.
Personal information that we may generally collect includes: name, email address, phone number, IP address.
"Wirevpn" may receive and collect your personal information in a number of different ways.
These ways may include:
1.1 Letters from you
When you email or write to us, you may provide your personal information, contact details and other personal information in the email.
1.2 Customer Support
Personal information you may provide to us when you call or email us to request technical assistance with our products or to learn about our products.
1.3 Product Registration
When registering for a "Wirevpn" account, you will be asked to provide information so that we can record you as the owner of the "Wirevpn" account, which will help us provide you with services and information.
Second, the scope of use
"Wirevpn" may use your personal information for the following purposes:
2.1 Product Registration
The information you provide when registering will be used to create your "Wirevpn" account and will also assist "Wirevpn" in supporting you when you contact "Wirevpn" customer service.
"Wirevpn" will also use this information to notify you about any upgrades, new products, promotions or other information that may be of interest to you.
2.2 Use of the product
"Wirevpn" may use the information collected during the use of the product to: regularly verify your right to use the product or service; confirm whether you are using the product/feature earlier before sending you a notice of a new product/feature upgrade version or whether it will help you to use "Wirevpn"; and receive product internal messages from "Wirevpn" that you request.
2.3 Internal Analysis
We may use the information you provide to us for internal statistics and analysis to evaluate and enhance your experience with the "Wirevpn" website and software, including by identifying your preferences and operating and developing related activities.
In order to provide you with services, improve product performance and appearance, recommend new functions/new products, etc. by creating accounts, identifying users, responding to inquiries and emails, etc., Wirevpn will not ask you to provide personal information (including but not limited to your personal information). mobile phone number, email address, etc.), but will collect other information about you (including but not limited to device information, log information, and other similar characteristic records).
Wirevpn's user experience improvement plan is a plan to diagnose system problems and optimize product experience based on statistics of usage data.
We will use tools such as CNZZ to count the data information you generate during the use of Wirevpn products.
We only accumulate aggregate usage data for all users in the User Experience Improvement Program, and will not include or upload any content involving your personally identifiable information.
Wirevpn may combine the information you submit through your account with information from other cutting-edge services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and improve service quality.
3. Anti-abuse of automatic collection of information
Since "Wirevpn" has the effect of hiding their real IP address, the vast majority of users use this feature for legitimate purposes.
However, there may be a small number of users who use this function for improper purposes. "Wirevpn" will automatically record and receive your usage records and other information, only for judging illegal use and abuse, and not for other purposes.
Usage records include:
(1) Date and time
(2) Connection status
(3) User's original IP address and port number
(4) Protocol Type
(5) Client software version number
(6) The web page URL records, cookies and other information you requested.
4. Sharing information with third parties
Except as specified in Section 4 and Section 5, "Wirevpn" will not share any personal information with third parties without your consent.
We promise that the data will not be shared with any third-party service organization, and will not be used by users for commercial purposes.
This data is only about the security of the user account, the stability of the proxy service, and whether the user finds any abnormality in our proxy server.
Wirevpn will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and the content set out in this Privacy Policy to collect and use your information.
The specific staff of Wirevpn will not directly ask you for personal information unless you hold the authorization document issued by Wirevpn.
In such cases, you can contact Wirevpn directly.
V. Statutory Disclosure
We will do our best to protect user privacy, but when we have reason to believe that only disclosing personal information can follow existing judicial procedures, court orders or other legal procedures or protect the rights, property or safety of "Wirevpn", "Wirevpn" users or third parties when we may disclose personal information.
Six, Cookies
We may use cookies on the "Wirevpn" website.
Cookies allow us to automatically access and use data entry features of our website, or to link online ordering information to purchases you make when customizing promotions or marketing campaigns.
In addition, we may also use cookies to track usage of our website to determine which features are useful or popular and which features do not help us effectively improve and update our services.
Most web browsers will warn you about the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies altogether.
You can accept or reject cookies by modifying your browser settings.
However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use the various interactive features of this website.
Seven, protect your information security and measures
1. We use third-party services as little as possible to reduce your privacy leakage, and we try our best to ensure that the third-party service providers we use have a trustworthy security system to protect user data.
2. When you use Wirevpn products, we encrypt and transmit all your access information to ensure its safety and reliability.
All communications on the Wirevpn official website are encrypted and transmitted using HTTPS, and the user password is encrypted in one direction, and no one including Wirevpn employees can learn the user password.
However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security.
You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.
3. You should pay attention to protecting the security of your personal information.
For example, do not share accounts or reveal your personal passwords, etc.
8. Filtering and Deletion of Harmful Information
"Wirevpn" prohibits users from using products or services to publish all harmful information, including:
(1) Violating the basic principles established by the Chinese Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(3) Damage the honor and interests of the state, attack the party and the government;
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermining ethnic unity;
(5) Undermining the friendly relations between countries and regions;
(6) Violating the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation, social morality, rational morality, and socialist spiritual civilization;
(7) Undermining the state's religious policy and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(8) Spreading rumors or false news, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;
(9) Inciting, organizing, and abetting terrorist activities, illegal assemblies, associations, processions, demonstrations, or gatherings to disrupt social order;
(10) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terror or instigating crimes;
(11) Insulting or slandering others, infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others;
(12) Infringing upon others' right to portrait, name, reputation, privacy or other personal rights;
(13) Using uncivilized language such as swearing, abusing, slandering, intimidating, cursing, etc.;
(14) Acting in the name of an illegal non-governmental organization;
(15) Infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others such as copyright and information network dissemination rights;
(16) Contains other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
If the user cannot perform and abide by the provisions of the agreement in "Wirevpn", "Wirevpn" has the right to close the account of the user who violates the agreement, and reserves the right to pursue the legal responsibility of the party according to law.
In addition, "Wirevpn" will not be liable for breach of contract or other legal liabilities to users who violate the agreement after taking corresponding measures.
"Wirevpn" obtains the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this agreement. This right does not constitute "Wirevpn"'s obligation or commitment. "Wirevpn" cannot guarantee timely detection of illegal acts or corresponding processing.
Nine, the protection of minors
Our website, content, applications or services are not intended for anyone under the age of 14 ("children").
Minors over the age of 14 (inclusive) and under the age of 18 should read this Privacy Policy under the guidance of their parents or guardians, and complete the use of related services with the consent of their parents or guardians.
We will not deliberately collect the identity information of anyone under the age of 14. If you think your child has provided us with information, please contact customer service immediately through our email or QQ so that we can delete the child's information.
X. Changes to Privacy Policy
With the development of Wirevpn business and in order to provide you with better services, we may revise the contents of this "Privacy Policy" from time to time, and such revisions form part of this "Privacy Policy".
If such amendments result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prompting you in prominent positions such as software announcements, website pages, or by emailing or otherwise before the amendments take effect.
In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by this revised Privacy Policy.
Eleven, how to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, you can contact us at any time using the information below.
Email:
admin@linkcn.org