Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Overview
Calowise understands the importance of privacy to our users. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and web sites offered by Calowise. Where additional detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post supplementary privacy notices to describe how particular services process personal information. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information Calowise collects about you and about your use of Calowise and its services. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
By using Calowise, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our app. Your continued use of our app following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
Information Collection and Use
Personal Information
General
Calowise collects personal information when you use our products or services. Calowise may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. We use information for the following general purposes: providing and improving our products and services, and contacting users and research. We aggregate certain information to develop statistics related to the use of Calowise. We may publish some statistics based on aggregated information, but none of these statistics will contain any personally identifiable information.
When you register to open an account with Calowise, we ask for information such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, weight and height. We do not share personally identifiable information with any third parties.
Depending on the product or service you have selected, we may also collect certain personal information, including personal foods, activities and body measurements. Recognizing the highly personal nature of this information, we take special precautions to protect such information.
Before and After photos taken on a mobile device are stored on the mobile device
unencrypted.
Fitness and Activity Data
We use fitness and activity data, including data provided by third-party activity trackers, to provide, personalize and improve your experience in mobile applications. We may release or share Fitness and Activity Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate, for statistical analysis, research, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
Payments
When you buy a subscription via the Calowise app, the in-app payment is processed by platform. We keep a record of the payments you make in order to administer your membership.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 18. This service sets nutritional targets based on adult requirements, and as such in unsuitable for children.
Non-Personal Information
General
Even if you do not register with Calowise, we collect non-personal information about your use of our app, special promotions and other services.
Security, Encryption and Confidentiality
Calowise uses industry-standard encryption technology to protect your privacy. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with such information to provide products or services to you in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Data Storage
Calowise uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage and related technology required to operate Calowise. The Calowise database is stored on secured servers owned and operated by MyNetDiary Inc. We may store encrypted database backups off site with a third party storage provider to ensure data security in the case of an emergency or catastrophe.
Business Transitions
If Calowise is acquired by or merges with another company, the assets of our web sites, including personal information, will likely be transferred to the new company.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by updating a prominent notice on our web site. Calowise may make non-significant changes to the Privacy Policy. For these instances, Calowise may not notify you of such non-significant changes. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other appropriate places throughout our web site so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
Contact
We welcome your feedback regarding our Services. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us with email: support@uploss.net