Privacy notice
Last updated: 9 November 2022
This Privacy Notice is to inform you, as a user of the Femia app and/or related website
https://femia.io/
(further the "
App
" and the
      "
Website
" respectively, together "
we/us
", the "
Product
"), on
      the processing of your personal data in connection with the use of the Product.
When we say "personal data" or "personal information", we are referring to information related to you. Such
      information is not limited to what directly identifies you, such as your name. In fact, you own and have legal
      rights to anything that speaks of you: the data you enter about your menstruation, sex life, pregnancy journey,
      your aim for using the Product, even the way you use the Product itself. To avoid legalese, we can also use "your
      data" or "your information" in the same meaning.
This notice is meant to provide you with all relevant information to make an informed choice to use the Product.
      It also serves to inform you of your rights and how you can exercise them.
Contact us
if
      you have any questions or concerns.
Please note that the Product is intended for users who have reached the minimum legal age. Therefore, we
        expect you will not use the Product unless you are at least 16 or older, or if you are a U.S. citizen, at least
        13 or older.
This Notice was written in English. to the extent a translated version of the Notice conflicts with the English
        version, the English version prevails.
1. Who We Are
In order to provide you with our Product, we have launched it as a Website and as an App.
While we aim to make the transition between the two as seamless as possible, you should know that the Website and
      the App are operated by two different legal entities. This Privacy Notice describes how each of these legal
      entities handles the data received from you or received from the other entity, in the event that you switch from
      the Website to the App or vice versa, or use only the App or only the Website.
You can read further below if you wish to learn which entity handles your data and when.
If you choose to use
only
the App, the data controller for your data is Magicfit Limited, with its
          registered address at Karaiskaki 13, 3032, Limassol, Cyprus.
For the
Website
, the controller responsible for processing is Actitech Limited, with its registered
          address at Karaiskaki 13, 3032, Limassol, Cyprus.
For instances where you
go to the Website, access to the App via the Website, and further continue using
          the App
, i.e. where you basically
use both the App and the Website
, Magicfit Limited and Actitech
          Limited act as joint controllers. Joint controllership is a legal term describing a relationship between
          companies where both companies coordinate and jointly decide and share responsibility with respect to your
          data, to ensure smooth interplay between the App and the Website and that your privacy rights are complied
          with at all times.
You may contact either Magicfit Limited or Actitech Limited interchangeably should you wish to assert your
          privacy rights, obtain any additional information with regard to your data, or for formal arrangements between
          the joint controllers via these
contact points
.
2. Contact Us
Should you have any general questions about this Privacy Notice, the use of your data by us, or if you want to
      assert your data protection rights, please use the following interchangeable contact options:
if relating to your use of the App: using the
form
if relating to your use of the Website: using the
form
You may also contact our Data Protection Officer - at
dpo@femia.io
.
Please note that in some cases, for your safety and when we have reasonable concerns about the authenticity of a
      request, we may need to authenticate you before proceeding with your request.
3. Your Privacy Rights and How to Exercise Them
You are entitled to data-related rights as described below. You may assert them directly via the Product (to the
      extent possible) or via the
contact options
.
Please note that these rights are based on European laws, namely the General Data Protection Regulation (the
      "
GDPR
"). Depending on your country of residence, those rights may have different interpretations.
      Should you wish to assert your country-specific rights, kindly let us know, and we will review your case
      individually.
Right to access
You may ask to confirm whether we process your data and if so, to provide you with the scope of such processing
      and a copy of the data concerning you stored by us.
Right to rectification
You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal data concerning you and the completion of
      incomplete data. We try to allow you to correct/add data through the Product’s settings to the extent possible,
      e.g. you can log in to your user profile and correct, amend, or delete information about yourself. We will also
      inform third parties to whom we transferred your data in the event of rectification of your data.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
You may request the erasure of your personal data stored by us. Please note, however, that the right to erasure is
      not absolute and shall be fulfilled by us only provided specific legal requirements are met. You may request data
      erasure only if:
your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was initially collected,
you have withdrawn your consent to personal data processing, and the consent was the sole legal basis for
          the processing,
you have successfully objected to the processing based on a balancing of interests relating to your
          particular situation,
your personal data has been unlawfully processed,
your personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation, or
you are an underage person and used our Product by mistake.
Further, your right to erasure is subject to restrictions. For example, we are not under obligation or even
      allowed to delete data that we are still obligated to retain due to statutory retention periods. Similarly, data
      that we need for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims is excluded from your right to erasure.
If we have transferred personal data to third parties, we will either initiate the deletion of your data from such
      third parties or inform them about the erasure, insofar as required by applicable law.
In order to avoid any unnecessary legalese and keeping in mind the general use of such words, we will interpret
      all user requests asking us to “delete my data” as requests for erasure of data under Article 17 GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request, under certain conditions, restriction of processing (i.e. the marking of stored
      personal data to restrict its future use). The requirements for restriction of processing are as follows:
The accuracy of your personal data is contested, and we must verify the accuracy of your data;
The processing is unlawful but you do not want your personal data to be erased, and instead you request
          restriction of use of your personal data;
We no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need the data for the
          establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
You have objected to data processing, and we are verifying whether our legitimate interests override
          yours.
Right to objection
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in whole or in part at any time, and in any
      form, in the event that our processing is based on a legitimate interest (balancing of interests). In order to
      process your objection, we kindly request you to refer to your particular situation as to why you believe that
      your rights and freedoms are at a particular risk (see
Article 21 of GDPR
for more details).
Please note that the right to objection is not absolute, and we will stop the processing of your data only
      provided we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing.
Where the processing you object against concerns direct marketing purposes, we will stop any processing once we
      receive an objection from you. A common example of how you can exercise an objection to marketing communications
      is pressing the “unsubscribe” button in emails.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the data you provided to us in a commonly used and machine-readable format to
      transfer that data to another controller without our interference.
To the extent possible, we will allow you to export data for further use directly via the App. You may also ask us
      to assist you with moving your data where it is technically feasible. Please note that this option relates only to
      data processed based on the performance of our contract with you or based on your consent. For more information
      about the contract and consent, please refer to
Section 5 below
.
Right to withdraw consent
If you provide consent to the processing of your personal data, you can withdraw it at any time. Consent
      withdrawal does not have a retroactive effect, meaning that any processing which occurred before the withdrawal
      shall not be affected.
Right to lodge a complaint
You can lodge a complaint with the data protection authority at any time if you believe that your data has been
      processed unlawfully. Here is the contact information for the supervisory data protection authority:
Office address: kypranoros 15, Nicosia 1061, Cyprus; Postal address P.O.Box 23378, 1682 Nicosia, Cyprus;
        Email:
commissioner@dataprotection.gov.cy
3.1. California Privacy Rights
In this Section, you can find a description of your privacy rights as a California resident, which are established
      under California laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "
CCPA
").
Please note that in this Section 3.1, we describe California-specific rights that substantially differ from those
      established under the GDPR. These rights are in addition to those established under the GDPR described above in
Section 3
for California residents.
You may assert these rights directly via the Product (to the extent possible) or via the
contact
      options
.
Access to specific information and data portability rights
Generally, your right to request data access and data portability are described above in Section 3 under the
      titles "
Right to access
" and "
Right to
      rectification
", respectively. The scopes of these rights differ slightly under the CCPA.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your
      personal information over the past 12 months only. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request,
      we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will disclose such facts separately.
Please note that you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a
      12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
          collected personal information or an authorized representative of such person.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to
          it.
Right to request deletion of data
Generally, your right to request erasure is described above in Section 3 under the name "
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
".
Despite the fact that the right to request deletion of data under the CCPA and the right to erasure under the GDPR
      are essentially the same, please note that under the CCPA we are under no obligation to comply with your request
      if we need to maintain your information for certain reasons. For your convenience, you may find below an abridged
      version of such exceptions. To learn more, please refer to
the full text of the CCPA
or the
additional
      clarifications from the California Attorney General
.
Under the CCPA, we may retain your personal information if we need it to, among other things:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, or fulfill the terms of a written
          warranty or product recall.
Detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or
          prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the
          consumer’s relationship with the business.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use the personal information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in
          which the consumer provided the information, etc.
Right to non-discrimination
California consumers have the right to non-discrimination in relation to the exercise of their rights under the
      CCPA. In particular, we cannot deny you the Product, charge you different prices for the Product, either by
      denying benefits or imposing penalties, provide you with a different level or quality of the Product in comparison
      to how we proceed with other California users, or threaten you with any of the above.
Right to request information on data transfer for third party’s direct marketing purposes
Under California's
"Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83)
users can request information regarding
      the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Right to prohibit sale of information
We do not sell the personal data we collect (as defined in the CCPA) and will not sell it without providing you
      with the right to opt out. Please note that we share users’ personal information for our business purposes as
      described in Section 7 "
Personal Data Transfers
".
4. Personal Data We Collect
Your user journey may vary depending on whether it is the App or the Website (or both) you have chosen to use.
      Similarly, the scope and peculiarities of data processing will vary:
if you access the Product through the Website, both Website Data Collection and App Data Collection will
          apply;
if you access the Website only, Website Data Collection will apply;
if you accessed the App via an application store, only App Data Collection will apply.
Data you provide
Data Category
Website Data Collection
App Data Collection
General Information
When you start using the Website, or in the course of Website use, we collect the following personal data:
Name,
Email address,
Phone number,
Birth year, age (inferred based on the birth year),
Country of residence,
Sex,
Password/passcode,
Other general information you share.
When you start using the App, or in the course of App use, we collect the following personal data:
Name,
Email address,
Birth year, age (inferred based on the birth year),
Country of residence,
Residence area (rural area/city),
Sex,
Other general information you share.
If you accessed the App from the Website, we may use the information already collected on the Website for
            the App.
Health & Wellness Onboarding Information
To tailor your Product experience to your needs, we may ask you to answer some questions about your health
            and wellness experience.
Such Health & Wellness Onboarding Information may include your goal for Product use (i.e. intention to get
            pregnant or to track your menstruation), menstrual cycle regularity, period and cycle duration, health
            issues, pregnancy-related details etc.
If you do not provide us with Health & Wellness Onboarding Information, we will not be able to create a
            personalized experience for you.
Health & Wellness in-App Information
N/A
During your use of the App or its certain features, you may insert information in relation to your health
            and wellness, such as menstrual cycle dates, symptoms; contraception; sex life; pregnancy.
            Should you wish not to provide us with Health & Wellness in-App Information, please do not use respective
            in-App features.
Payment Data
To make a purchase via the Website, you need to enter your payment information, such as bank card
            credentials, payment service (e.g. PayPal) credentials, etc.
We may or may not have access to such payment information depending on the service provider processing your
            payment.
Payment providers, such as PayPal, Stripe, and Braintree, act independently; we receive limited information
            from them allowing us to recognize and record your subscription status, such as the date, time, and amount
            of the transaction, the type of payment method used, the payment transaction identification number, and the
            last four digits of the bank card.
Our one-stop shop payment provider acts on our behalf; it collects and otherwise processes your payment
            data, including bank card credentials, IP address, email, and name, on our behalf. In practice, it shares
            with us only limited details regarding your payment, such as the date, time, and amount of the transaction,
            so our employees/contractors cannot view your payment credentials.
N/A
Customer Support and Other Communications Information
When you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, you may provide us
            with information related to your use of the Product, additional contact information, payment information,
            identification documents, or other information you may find helpful to resolve your query. We also collect
            information on the feedback you provide on the customer support experience.
Your User Choices
We collect:
information about your Website settings, privacy settings, and
records about when you accepted our Terms of Use, Privacy Notice, Refund Policy, and/or provided
                consent to marketing communications;
information on whether you have enabled web browser notifications.
We collect:
information about your in-App settings, privacy settings, and
records about when you accepted our Terms of Use, Privacy Notice, Subscriptions Policy, and/or
                provided consent to the processing of your data or to marketing communications;
information about whether you have enabled push notifications.
Feedback Information
We will collect and process your feedback should you communicate it to us.
Our App contains a feature via which you can provide us with feedback, rate our application, and/or engage
            in deeper discussions. We will collect and analyze the data you submit to make our Product better.
We will also collect and process feedback should you communicate it to us in any other way.
Automatically collected data
Data Category
Website Data Collection
App Data Collection
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our Website, like frequency of use, areas and features that
            you access, visit, or use.
We collect information about your activity on our App, such as:
Product interaction, e.g. frequency of use, areas and features that you access, visit, or use, and
                engagement with particular features.
In-App activities, like the features you use, the buttons you click, and the content you watch or
                read.
Device-Related Information
When you install, access, or use the Website, we collect device-related information. This includes IP
            address, user agent, hardware model, operating system information, browser information, language and time
            zone, etc.
Device-related information also includes approximate location information.
When you install, access, or use the App, we collect device-related information. This includes IP address,
            user agent, hardware model, operating system information, App version, browser information, mobile network,
            language and time zone, device identifiers, including Android Advertising Identifier (GAID)/Apple ID for
            Advertisers (IDFA), etc.
Device-related information also includes approximate location information.
Subscription Status
N/A
By exchanging information with your application store, we understand and record your subscription
            status.
Log and Troubleshooting Information
We collect some troubleshooting, bug, and crash reporting information from you to help
            determine problems with the Product. We also collect and write logs to be able to access historical data for
            internal and external investigations.
Information third parties provide about you
Data Category
Website Data Collection
App Data Collection
Advertising Networks Information
Advertising networks provide us with insights on which channels (e.g. social networks) and
            which particular ad campaigns helped you reach the Product.
Social Login Information
N/A
We provide you with the option to register using a social media account, like your Facebook or Google social
            media account or to log in via Apple. If you allow access to such data, we receive information about your
            respective accounts, such as your name and email address. The exact scope of information provided is always
            displayed on the social login screen presented to you by the relevant provider during the login process.
We do not use your Facebook, Google, or Apple login details in any way other than allowing you to access the
            App and we cannot post anything to your Facebook or Google profile and/or affect your Apple account.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
On the Website, we also use cookies and other tracking technologies for various purposes.
Please refer to
Section 6
for more information on cookies and similar
      technologies.
5. How and Why We Use Your Data. Legal Bases for Processing
All processing of your data must be lawful, i.e. reliant upon one of the lawful bases referenced under applicable
      law, namely:
Performance of a contract with you
, i.e. provision of the Product as
          described in our Terms of Use,
Your consent
, i.e. when you provide consent to the processing of particular
          personal information,
Our legitimate interests
, i.e. when we believe that we can use and/or
          share your data since we have a legitimate balanced reason to do so,
Performance of our obligations under the applicable law
.
Below you can see described the purposes of our processing (why we process your information) for each lawful basis
      and the corresponding data categories used in each case.
As mentioned earlier, your user journey may vary depending on whether it is the App or the Website (or both) you
      have chosen to use. However, the purposes and legal bases for data processing in relation to the Website and the
      App coincide.
Performance of a contract with you
Why and how we process your information
Data Used
To ensure the intended operation of the Product, namely, to maintain your profile in the Product, ensure
              you have easy access to it, and provide you with the functionality of the Product provided for in the
              Product descriptions as well as included materials.
General Information
Device-Related Information
Usage Information
Your User Choices
Social Login Information
For billing purposes, account management, and feature accessibility.
General Information
Device-Related Information
Payment Data
/
Subscription Status
Social Login Information
Please note that provision of the information above is necessary for us to provide our Product to you (perform
        our contract with you). We will not be able to provide the Product without the information listed above. We will
        also not be able to continue providing the Product if you request data erasure or otherwise restrict our access
        to such data.
Your consent
Why and how we process your information
Data Used
For Product functionality, i.e. to provide health and wellness Product functionality to you, e.g. keep
              the information you insert available to you; calculate and provide periods, ovulation, and fertility
              predictions; accompany you in your pregnancy journey.
Health & Wellness Onboarding Information
Health and Wellness in-App Information
For Product improvement, i.e. to deliver a better user experience concerning health and wellness,
              including developing new health and wellness features and implementing more efficient
              algorithms/recommendation mechanisms. For example, we try to understand what features are most important
              for you and why to add more relevant content or change recommendations.
Health & Wellness Onboarding Information
Health and Wellness in-App Information
To use your device identifiers, such as Android Advertising Identifier (GAID)/Apple ID for Advertisers
              (IDFA), IP address, or email in course of assessing our advertising campaigns effectiveness (e.g. which
              advertisements led you to the Product and whether you finally used the Product or purchased it/some of its
              features).
General Information
(in a limited scope - email address)
Device-Related Information
Please note that you can withhold your consent or even revoke it at any time if you change your mind. You can do
        this either via the App settings or by
contacting us
. Unfortunately, this will also
        preclude us from providing
        you with features relying upon your consent.
Our legitimate interest
Why and how we process your information
Substantiation of Legitimate Interest
Data used
To analyze the performance of our Product, improve it, and further deliver a better user experience based
              on analysis of your interaction with the Product.
For example:
We count users and events for reporting to identify how many users the Product has. This includes
                  metrics like how many unique users the Product has.
We analyze bugs and fix issues with the Product.
Our interest is to measure the use of our Product and count the people who interact with it. Such
              actions are aimed at improving Product development and enabling the provision of accurate and reliable
              internal reporting.
Usage Information
Device-Related Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Payment Data
(the fact of purchase)/
Subscription
              Status
Feedback Information
To assess the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns by understanding which advertisements led you
              to the Product and whether you finally used the Product or purchased it/some of its features.
It is our interest to understand who may be interested in our Product and to offer our Product to new
              potentially interested audiences as well as remind old users about it.
General Information (in a limited scope - country)
Payment Data
(the fact of purchase)/
Subscription
              Status
Advertising Networks Information
To communicate with you in various ways, e.g.:
to send you technical notices, updates, and security alerts;
to send reminders to your smartphone or web browser via in-App messages and in-App and web push
                  notifications;
to send promotional communications, such as product updates, offers, discounts, and to provide news
                  and information that we think will be of interest to you.
You can opt out of any of our promotional communications anytime as described in
your privacy rights section
.
We believe the provision of presumably relevant information will be a plus in addition to the provision
              of the Product functionality.
General Information
Your User Choices
Usage Information
Device-Related Information
To provide customer support/ request processing to the customer support team. This includes, for example:
responding when you request our help such as assisting with your account login or verification
                  process;
addressing your comments and questions.
It is in our interest to assist our users with any inquiries or requests.
Customer Support and Other Communications Information
Usage Information
Device-Related Information
General Information
Payment Data
/
Subscription Status
To defend ourselves from prospective legal claims, litigation, or other disputes, including in relation to
              violations of the Terms of Use, Privacy Notice, Subscription Policy, and/or Refund Policy.
To ensure the safety, security, and integrity of the Product.
To provide information to the authorities upon request.
It is in our interest to respond to complaints and prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the
              Product, violations of our Terms of Use and/or other policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel,
              property, or products), and our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory
              inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
General Information
Usage Information
Device-Related Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Payment Data
/
Subscription Status
To identify disruptions and maintain Product security, including the detection and tracking of
              inadmissible access attempts and access to our servers.
It is in our interest to eliminate disruptions, maintain system security, and detect and track
              inadmissible access and access attempts.
General Information
Usage Information
Device-Related Information
Log and Troubleshooting Information
Payment Data
/
Subscription Status
Performance of our obligations under the law
Why and how we process your information
Data used
According to applicable tax and accounting laws, we may need to report your payments to conduct any
            necessary statutory reports/withdrawals.
Further, sometimes in order to comply with applicable laws, we need to authenticate you, i.e. collect your
            identification information.
Finally, according to applicable law, we need to understand whether you allow the processing of your data,
            push notifications, marketing communications, and similar activities.
To provide information to authorities upon request.
Payment Data
/
Subscription Status
General Information
Usage Information
Your User Choices
Automated processing of your data
We do not use your data to make decisions based solely on automated processing that would create legal or
      comparably significant effects.
6. Cookies and Similar Technologies, Your Choices
Cookies (“Cookies” or “Cookie”) are small text files that are placed on your device while you browse our Website.
      They help us remember/recognize some of your actions or choices during Website use for various purposes.
      Sometimes, they help us track you through websites and devices to understand the effectiveness of our ads.
We use similar technologies (“Similar Technologies”) which are technically different but serve the same purpose of
      remembering/recognizing your actions during App or Website use. Similar Technologies include:
Pixels/Web beacons/Tags - code snippets added to our Website, for example, to create a tiny graphic. We
          usually use pixels that are dependent on cookies so your Cookie choices may limit the performance of pixels.
Local storage - a property that allows us to save information in your web browser with no expiration date
          (even after the browser window is closed).
Who sets Cookies or Similar Technologies on our Website
There are two main types of Cookies and Similar Technologies that we can set:
First-party Cookies and Similar Technologies: these Cookies and Similar Technologies are placed and read by us
          directly;
Third-party Cookies: these Cookies are not set by us, but by our partners, like payment service providers
          (e.g., PayPal or Braintree) or advertising networks.
We recommend checking
Section 7
of this Privacy Notice to understand with
      whom we cooperate while using Cookies
      and Similar Technologies.
Why and how we use Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use Cookies and Similar Technologies for a number of reasons, such as:
protecting your account,
saving your onboarding experience so that you can return to exactly where you left off,
analyzing Website performance,
advertising our Products,
assessing advertising campaign effectiveness, and
generally trying to make your experience with us better.
The Cookies and Similar Technologies we use generally fall into one of the following categories, whereas each
      category description allows us to understand why those Cookies and Similar Technologies are necessary.
Strictly Necessary Cookies and Similar Technologies
These Cookies and Similar Technologies are necessary for the Website to function and cannot be switched off in our
      systems.
They are set out in response to actions you make, mainly in order to remember your choices, including cookie
      preferences, onboarding completion status and values, and login data.
If you block strictly necessary Cookies, some parts of the Website will not work.
Show the Strictly Necessary Cookies list/Hide the Strictly Necessary Cookies list ↓
Cookie
Purpose
Domain
Type
Duration
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
This Cookie is set by the Cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It allows for the remembering of your
          Cookie preferences.
femia.io
First-party
365 days
OptanonConsent
This Cookie is set by the Cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories
          of Cookies the site uses and whether the user has given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category.
femia.io
First-party
365 days
sc_f
This Cookie is set via the PayPal payment widget which is embedded on the checkout page on our Website.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
1825 days
ts_c
This Cookie is set via PayPal payment widget to prevent fraud.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
3 years
l7_az
This Cookie is necessary for the PayPal login function on the website.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
20 days
LANG
This Cookie is set by PayPal to save language preferences.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
365 days
ts
This Cookie is set by PayPal to support general payment functionality.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
3 years
KHcl0EuY7AKSMgfvHl7J5E7hPtK
This Cookie is set by PayPal to support general payment functionality.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
20 years
tsrce
This Cookie is set by PayPal to support general payment functionality.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
3 days
x-pp-s
This Cookie is set by PayPal to support general payment functionality.
.c.paypal.com
Third-party
Session (deleted once browser closed)
Performance (Analytics) Cookies
These Cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our
      Website. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how the user moves across the
      Website.
Show the Performance (Analytics) Cookies list/Hide the Performance (Analytics) Cookies list ↓
Cookie
Purpose
Domain
Type
Duration
_ga
Google Analytics Cookie used to identify unique users.
femia.io
First-party
2 years
_gid
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish users.
femia.io
First-party
90 days
Targeting (Tracking) Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our service providers (advertising networks) use Cookies and Similar Technologies to direct our ads to you
      through targeted advertisements for our Product on other sites you visit and to measure your engagement with those
      ads.
These Cookies and Similar Technologies may be used by those advertising networks to build a profile of your
      interests and show you relevant ads on other sites.
Show the Targeting (Tracking) Cookies list/Hide the Targeting (Tracking) Cookies list ↓
Cookie
Purpose
Domain
Type
Duration
_pinterest_ct_
Cookie placed by Pinterest when it is unable to match the user.
.ct.pinterest.com
Third-party
365 days
_pin_unauth
Cookie placed by the Pinterest tag when Pinterest is unable to match the user.
femia.io
First-party
364 Days
_scid
Snapchat Cookie that sets a unique ID for the Website user.
femia.io
First-party
365 Days
X-AB
This Cookie is used by us along with Snapchat in the context of multi-variable testing.
sc-static.net
Third-party
1 day
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real-time bidding from third-party
          advertisers.
femia.io
First-party
3 month
_gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Used by Google Analytics to store a unique user ID.
femia.io
First-party
<24 hours
_tt_enable_cookie, _ttp
TikTok Cookies that collect data about behavior and purchases on our Website to measure the effect of our
          advertising.
femia.io
First-party
13 month
_ttp
TikTok uses this Cookie to measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns and to personalize
          the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok.
.tiktok.com
Third-party
13 month
sc_at
Used by Snapchat to identify a visitor across multiple domains.
snapchat.com
Third-party
1 hour
muc_ads
Twitter Cookie that сollects data on user behavior and interaction in order to make advertisements on the
          website more relevant.
.t.co
Third-party
2 years
personalization_id
This Cookie is set by Twitter for advertising and to identify and track the website visitor.
.twitter.com
Third-party
2 years
Your Cookie choices
Most browsers allow you to manage how Cookies are set and used as you’re browsing, and to clear Cookies and
      browsing data. Typically, such information can be found under the browser’s ‘Help’, ‘Preferences’, or ‘Options’
      menus. Also, your browser may have settings allowing you to manage Cookies on a site-by-site basis as well as
      provide for incognito mode.
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Safari - iOS
Cookie settings in Safari - macOS
Cookie settings in Opera
Should you wish to change your previously provided to us Cookie-related choices, please use the button below.
[Cookie choices button]
Cookie Settings
Your Similar Technologies choices
Most mobile devices and applications allow you to manage how other technologies, such as unique identifiers used
      to identify a browser, app, or device, are set and used. For example, the Advertising ID on Android devices or
      Apple’s Advertising Identifier can be managed in your device’s settings, while app-specific identifiers may
      typically be managed in the app’s settings.
Opt out of Personalized Advertising
You can visit the below sites to opt out of personalized advertising in general, including regarding our Website:
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA);
European Interactive Digital Advertising
          Alliance
(EDAA)
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI)
You can also opt out of advertising provided by particular networks both in the App and on the Website:
Google Ad Settings/Ad
          Personalisation
Facebook Ad Settings
Instagram
          Opt-Out Instruction
Tik-Tok Opt-Out Instruction
Twitter Opt-Out Instruction
Pinterest Opt-Out
          Instruction
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
(Section 3 -> Outbrain User Types, including Opt Out Options)
Taboola Access to Data and Opt-Out
          Tool
.
Please note that if you opt out of personalized advertising, you will still see advertisements – they will just
      not be tailored to your interests. Also note that deleting browser Cookies may remove the Cookie preferences you
      already made, so you may need to opt out again in the future.
Finally, you can exercise your preferences and opt out of personalized advertisements with regard to your mobile
      devices (smartphones, tablets) by:
updating your mobile device settings:
IOS devices: Settings -> Privacy -> Tracking -> Allow Apps to Request to Track (uncheck);
Android Devices -> Settings -> Google -> Ads -> Opt Out of Ads Personalization;
downloading the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app and configuring it to opt out of particular
          advertising solutions.
Do Not Track
"Do Not Track" is a preference you can set in your web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not
      want them collecting information about you. The Website does not currently respond to a "Do Not Track" or similar
      signal.
7. Personal Data Transfers
7.1. Data Transfers by Both the Website and the App
A number of Product functions rely upon services from third parties, so-called ‘processors’. Processors act based
      on and in accordance with our requests and shall not use your data for their own purposes.
The main service providers the Product shares your data with are as follows:
Amazon Web Services
We use Amazon Web Services, which is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon, for personal data
          hosting and enabling our Product to operate and be distributed to its users.
AppsFlyer
Appsflyer helps us understand, in particular, how users find our Product (for example, which advertiser
          delivered an ad that led you to our Product). Appsflyer also provides us with different analytics tools that
          enable us to research, analyze, and make your use of the Product better.
Front
In order to provide you with swift and smooth customer support, we use Front - software that allows us to
          optimize conversations between users and customer support agents. In this regard, Front receives and stores
          copies of all data related to your customer support requests, such as emails, purchase details, feedback, etc.
Customer support agents
People and companies providing us with professional app development and maintenance services
7.2. Merchants of Record and Agents
While Welltech Apps Limited is the data controller responsible for your data during your use of the Product, it's
      important to note that in some locations we engage our authorized third-party merchants of record or agents to
      distribute a Product via a Website. This is done to make the Product available to customers worldwide smoothly and
      seamlessly.
Below is a list of our authorized merchants of record and agents and their roles with regard to your data:
Solidgate LLC (3753 Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 200-778, Las Vegas, NV, 89169-0300).
Solidgate resells the Website, meaning it enters into a contract and accepts payments, for a part of our US
          users. Solidgate is a separate entity bearing individual responsibility for handling your data and acting as a
          controller within the meaning of data protection law. For more information on how Solidgate handles your data,
          please refer to their privacy policy at
https://solidgate.com/privacy-policy/
.
Welltika Content Provider DMCC (Detached Retail I5, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, United Arab
          Emirates)
Welltika is one of our agents acting exclusively on our behalf to present the Website to you and accept
          payments. Welltika is a data processor acting upon our instructions.
Actitech Limited (Karaiskaki 13, 3032, Limassol, Cyprus)
Actitech Limited is one of our agents acting exclusively on our behalf to present the Website to you and
          accept payments. Actitech Limited is a data processor acting upon our instructions.
Advertising networks
We use the services of third-party advertising platforms, for example, Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat, which
      allows us to show targeted campaigns and messages to users within their platforms based on the user’s behaviour.
      To put it plainly, we provide information about you that will allow advertising platforms to locate you in their
      database and information that you performed a desirable action, such as making a purchase.
This allows an advertising network to understand which people are interested in our Product as well as to display
      advertisements of the Product to users who will most likely want it.
Please note that most advertising networks act as separate controllers or co-controllers of your data in full or
      in part, which means that such controllers decide whether to use the transferred data for their own purposes, e.g.
      providing you with advertisements of other providers similar to our Product. You can learn more about the data
      processing practices of such companies in their respective privacy policies:
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Instagram
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Snapchat
https://snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy
We do not share any health & wellness information with advertising networks.
Opt out of Personalized Advertising
Should you wish to opt out of personalized advertising, please explore the options described in
Section 6
above.
Also, you can visit the below sites to opt out of personalized advertising in general:
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA);
DEuropean Interactive Digital Advertising
          Alliance
(EDAA)
DAustralian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
DNetwork Advertising Initiative
(NAI)
Some advertising networks also allow direct opt-out:
Google Ad Settings/Ad
          Personalisation
Facebook Ad Settings
Instagram
          Opt-Out Instruction
Tik-Tok Opt-Out Instruction
Twitter Opt-Out Instruction
Pinterest Opt-Out
          Instruction
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
(Section 3 -> Outbrain User Types, including Opt Out Options)
Taboola Access to Data and Opt-Out
          Tool
Please note that if you opt out of personalized advertising, you will still see advertisements – they will just
      not be tailored to your interests. Also note that deleting browser Cookies may remove the Cookie preferences you
      already made, so you may need to opt out again in the future.
Finally, you can exercise your preferences and opt out of personalized advertisements with regard to your mobile
      devices (smartphones, tablets) by:
updating your mobile device settings:
- IOS devices: Settings -> Privacy -> Tracking -> Allow Apps to Request to Track (uncheck);
- Android Devices -> Settings -> Google -> Ads -> Opt Out of Ads Personalization;
downloading the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
DAppChoices
          app
and configuring it to opt out of particular advertising solutions.
Related companies
We share your information with our affiliates, i.e. companies which are related to Magicfit Limited and/or
      Actitech Limited, by having the same owner, for example. Where such sharing takes place, related companies will
      honor this Privacy Notice.
Public authorities and bodies
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms of Use to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or
      property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement
      agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, or in other cases provided for by
      applicable law.
International data transfers
Please note that in the course of doing business, we transfer your personal data outside of EU/EEA countries. For
      example, some of our service providers are located in the United States of America.
We shall implement measures as established under applicable law to ensure data transfers are protected as
      required. When a recipient is located in one of the jurisdictions listed on the official website of the European
      Commission
here
, the appropriate safeguard is the corresponding adequacy decision of the Commission.
      Where no such adequacy decision is present, we rely on the so-called Standard Contractual Clauses (see more about
      them
here
), along with a thorough analysis of the law of the destination country to safeguard your
      data and your rights.
8. Retention of Your Personal Data
We keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless
      further retention is required under applicable law.
You can request to terminate your account and delete your data at any time. We treat such requests as a
      termination of your contract with us and as a revocation of your consent(s). We will accommodate such requests and
      terminate any data processing under respective
legal bases
.
Please note that certain data can be retained even after your deletion request. That may be the case where
      processing is based upon
our legitimate interest
. For example, we may keep information on purchases in order to protect
      our rights in a legal action. Such storage is not indefinite and is limited to such data's usefulness and
      achieving our legitimate goals. As described in the
Your Privacy Rights and How to Exercise Them
section, you may object to our legitimate
      interests. If you wish to do so, please indicate this specifically in your message to us.
We may also keep data if deletion is not technically possible (for example, because your personal information has
      been stored in backup archives). We will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
      processing until deletion is possible.
The same applies to cases where we are obliged to retain your data under applicable law (e.g. accounting and tax
      laws). In the event of such retention, we will ensure via technical and organizational means that such data is not
      used for conflicting purposes, for example, advertising to you.
9. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting those changes directly on this webpage. Please make
      sure to review this Privacy Notice regularly. Should the change be major, we will try our best to draw your
      attention to it, e.g. via a pop-up or email. By continuing to use our Product, you acknowledge you have read and
      understood the most up-to-date Privacy Notice.
Contents:
Who We Are
Contact Us
Your Privacy Rights and How to Exercise Them
California Privacy Rights
Personal Data We Collect
How and Why We Use Your Data. Legal Bases for Processing
Cookies and Similar Technologies, Your Choices
Personal Data Transfers
Data Transfers by Both the Website and the App
Merchants of Record and Agents
Retention of Your Personal Data
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://solidgate.com/privacy-policy/:
Cookie Policy
If you accept cookies, we will use them in line with our
Privacy Policy
to improve your experience, analyze site usage, and for marketing purposes.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
Login
Get Demo
Home
-
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated:
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your Personal Data when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 18 YEARS OF AGE. If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Service. In such case, you must contact us to request deletion of your data.
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
2. Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to
Solidgate affiliate
.
GDPR
means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
EEA
includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Process
, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, use, restrict, erasure, destruct and disclose to others.
Controller
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Processor
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Website
refers to Solidgate, accessible from
solidgate.com
Service
refers to the Website.
Country
refers to: Republic of Cyprus.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual, such as a name, email, a telephone number, IP address, etc.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
3. What data do we collect
a.  Personal Data provided by you through the Website
While using Our Website, We may ask You to provide Us with certain Personal Data that can be used to contact or identify You. Personal Data may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Your company’s website
Other data You give us when using Our Website
b. Usage Data
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
c. Cookies
We use Cookies to track the activity on Our Website and store certain information.
4. How do we use Your Personal Data
a. When you request us to contact you
Via our website, You can request Us to contact You regarding questions, queries, comments or complaints. You can also contact us by e-mailing us using for example the contact details listed in this Privacy Policy or the button “Contact Sales” on our Website. When You do so, We will collect the information that You fill out, including Your name, email address, your company’s website and your message to attend and manage Your requests. Therefore, We use this data for our legitimate interest of conducting business with You or to establish our future contract with You.
b. When you contact us to discuss Your business needs
You may also send us your inquiry or question in section “Let Us Know About Your Business” of Our Website. In this case We will collect Your name, email address and Your message. This data will be used to provide You with a bespoke pricing model and discuss Your business needs. The information will be processed for Our legitimate interest in enabling Our relationship with You as a prospective merchant.
c. Data we process for marketing purposes
If you shared Your contact details with Us at some event or in any other way, We may use this information (for example, Your business card) to follow-up with You regarding Our services and Your questions. We rely upon Our legitimate interest of conducting business with You to process such Personal Data.
d. Job applications
When You decide to join Our team, we will process the data you fill in in section “Career” of Our Website. This information may include Your name, email address, date of birth, address, CV, etc. We may also receive some Personal Data relating to You from publicly available sources. We rely upon Our legitimate interest of discussing Our possible fruitful cooperation with You or to establish our future contract with You.
e. Data we collect automatically when You use this Website
When You access the Website, We may collect certain information automatically, including, the Usage Data, Cookies, and similar tracking technologies.
This information is collected for our legitimate interest to improve and to administer Our Service, including data analysis, troubleshooting, statistical and survey purposes.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy.
f. Data we collect as Your gateway services provider
As your gateway services provider, We may also process some Personal Data of Your customers (e.g., cardholders), such as transaction data necessary to process payments. Please note, that as a Personal Data controller, You (merchant) shall bear primary responsibility for the processing of Your customers’ Personal Data, including:
ensuring the protection of Personal Data in accordance with applicable data protection regulations;
providing Your customers with necessary information about the processing and the recipients of their Personal Data, such as Our Company;
supporting the exercise of the rights of Your customers under the applicable legislation, etc.
To the extent that We are acting as your data processor, We will process Your customers’ Personal Data in accordance with the terms of our agreement with You and Your lawful instructions.
5. With whom we may share Your Personal Data
a. With Service Providers.
If necessary, we may share Your Personal Data with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to store the Personal Data, to show advertisements to You, to help support and maintain Our Service, to contact You, etc. We have concluded agreements with our Service Providers to protect Your Personal Data.
b. For Business transfers.
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, assignment, transfer, change of control, or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred to third parties in connection with such transaction. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
c. With Affiliates.
We may share Your Personal Data with Our Affiliates, in which case we will require those Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
d. With Business partners.
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
e. Law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
f. Other legal requirements.
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, to protect and defend the rights or property of the Company, to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service, to protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public, to protect against legal liability.
6. How long do we keep Your Personal Data
We will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For example, We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
7. Transfer of Personal Data to third countries
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your Personal Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your Personal Data and other information.
Your Personal Data may be shared with other companies outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), when this is necessary for the purposes of providing Our Service. It may include the countries in which some of Our Affiliates and/or Service Providers are located, such as the United States. In case of such transfer we comply with applicable laws to provide an adequate level of data protection for the transfer of your Personal Data to third countries. We rely on Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission in order to offer sufficient safeguards on data protection for the data to be transferred internationally.
8. Security of Your Personal Data
We put security at the forefront of business operations. The Company has implemented a range of technical and organizational measures appropriate to secure Your Personal Data in a manner that takes account of the potential risks for Your interests and rights. We are certified with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI Service Provider Level 1). Even though We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
9. Your rights
You may have the following rights with regard to Your Personal Data:
to obtain confirmation as to whether or not We process Your Personal Data, and, where that is the case, the information about such processing;
to request rectification of inaccurate Personal Data;
to request erasure of Your Personal Data in certain circumstances provided by law;
to restrict the processing, for example when the processing is unlawful;
to object to processing of Your Personal Data which is based on a legitimate interest;
to receive Your Personal Data We process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller;
to withdraw any consent that was given at any time.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact Us by email:
info@solidgate.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority of the country in which You live or work or the country in which We are located (Cyprus).
10. Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13, and we request that they not provide Personal Data through the Service. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
11. California residents
a. Information on Our privacy practices.
You may find in this Privacy Policy and in Our Cookies Policy the information on Our privacy practices and access information as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), in particular the information about:
the categories of Personal Data to be collected;
the purposes for which the categories of Personal Data shall be used;
the categories of sources from which the Personal Data are being collected;
the categories of third parties with whom We may share Personal Data.
b. Access to Your Personal Data.
We may also provide You with specific pieces of Personal Data We has collected about You but no more than twice in a year. To obtain this information from Us, please send an email to
info@solidgate.com
which includes “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and Your state of residence and email address in the body of your message. If You are a California resident, We will provide the requested information to You at your email address in response.
c. We do not sell Your Personal Data.
d. Your right to deletion.
You can request that We delete any Personal Data about You which We have collected from You, except for the cases explicitly provided for by the CCPA (e.g., when We need such data to detect security incidents, protect against illegal activity, comply with a legal obligation, etc).
e. Non-discrimination.
The Company does not discriminate against You in case You exercise any of the consumer’s rights under this Privacy Policy and/or the CCPA in any way.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact Us by email:
info@solidgate.com
.
12. Links to third-party websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. For example, social media buttons. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
14. Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or our data protection practices, You can contact us by email:
info@solidgate.com
Start accepting payments today
How did you hear about us?
Online research
Recommended by a friend or colleague
Search engine (Google, etc.)
Blog or publication
Networking Event
Other
Monthly turnover
<$50k
$50k-$100k
$100k-$0,5m
$0,5m-$1m
>$1m
By clicking "Get in touch" you agree to our
Privacy Policy
Thank you
We will contact you shortly. If you have any further questions, please contact us at
sales@solidgate.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
Privacy Policy
Effective: February 26, 2024
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. And if you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. Here, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example, if you provided access to your phone contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can use our
Download My Data
tool to get a copy of information that may not be available in Snapchat in a portable format, so you can move it or store it wherever you want.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect. We’ve organized this in a few categories: information you provide to us, information we generate based on your use of our Services, and information we receive from others. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with the information you send through or save within our Services. We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, My Story set to Friends, Private Stories, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, Stories you watch, and how often you communicate with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
web beacons
(small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos, and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
, and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or Contact Book.
How We Use Information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI to share with friends, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
How We Share Information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Center Participants.
When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected account to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, Community Stories, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share information about your activity with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments or measure and optimize the performance of ads. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share information about your activity with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share information about your activity, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety, and Security Partners.
We share information about your activity as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your personal information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (or automatically after viewing — depending on your settings). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
— like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.
Take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may be required to keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Brazil
🇧🇷
Canada
🇨🇦
Europe
🇪🇺
Mexico
🇲🇽
South Korea
🇰🇷
Turkey
🇹🇷
United States
🇺🇸
Note:
The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 3
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j9tOD9EP_bz1N89fUk2czZVD2iOQgrsGEyQLUjQbcdg/edit#heading=h.7gwbmguj309u:
Sign in
with your Google Account to continue to Docs. This account will be available to other Google apps in the browser.
Email or phone
Forgot email?
Not your computer? Use a private browsing window to sign in.
Learn more about using Guest mode
Next
Create account