Vintly
Vintly is a platform offering a simple solution to a complex topic;
supply chain
. We enable companies with complex and critical supply chains to manage their whole compliance validation as well as purchasing and logistics operations on one platform - and their suppliers are invited too.
With Vintly you manage:
ESG & Product compliance
Supplier management & Social compliance
Supplier sourcing & Product quotations
Purchase order handling on SKU level
Freight, logistics & transport compliance
Trusted by innovative companies
Trusted by innovative companies
Bird eye view
Easily track and manage unique company targets with our customizable and strategic dashboard. Get real-time updates and notifications on Purchase order and Compliance milestones.
Resource saving
Eliminate manual and repetitive updates on all areas concerning a manufacturing period; from PO creation to delivery. Tailored reporting views allow you to share status with management, minute by minute, and give you time to focus on matters of value.
All features
Streamline Supplier management
Add suppliers to your portal and build supplier profiles based on your strategic and unique criteria. Manage agreements, sub-supplier mapping, certificate validation and capacity information.
Improve collaboration and compliance
Collect social and environmental information, validated certificates on Suppliers and review performance together with them. Define common goals and start the journey towards a strong, sustainable relationship.
All features
Create, send and receive Purchase orders
Collaborate with your suppliers and manage all your purchasing & logistics, compliance and emission information in one platform.
Useful insights
Changes in the process are a reality. Identify potential issues before they become a serious problem - simply solve them immediately.
All features
2 000+
Global users
30 000+
Purchase orders handled
3000+
Suppliers
5 000+
Shipments delivered
Ready for take-off?
Start your 14-day trial and explore all possibilities.
Start free trial
Testimonials
What customers say about Vintly
Read in-depth case studies from our customer journeys to understand how Vintly has changed their day-to-day work for the better.
Sport Design Sweden
With a global customer base and increasing number of collections per year, Sport Design Sweden, was facing challenges in managing their purchase orders efficiently. Existing tools were not sufficient to keep track of order updates, production milestones and managing supplier interactions; leading to poor visibility and a lot manual work.
Solution:
With Vintly, Sport Design Sweden are now able to automate their entire procurement process, receive real-time purchase orders updates and collaborate with their suppliers in one platform. Moreover, an integration with their ERP has enabled full data transparency throughout the organisation.
Sport Design Sweden has activated the following Vintly modules:
Article & price management
Purchase order management
Insights
Read more
Panghus
Panghus, a modern construction firm providing single and multi-unit homes, faced challenges in managing their network of suppliers, streamlining purchasing and their inbound logistics. The complexity of their projects required a sophisticated approach to purchasing and materials management on-site.
Solution
: With Vintly, Panghus implemented an advanced Purchase Order Management platform tailored to their needs. The platform has provided end-to-end visibility into their procurement processes and facilitated efficient purchase order creation, automated supplier communications, as well as enabled real-time tracking of inbound materials.
Panghus has activated the following Vintly modules:
Article & Price management
Purchase order management
Freight management
Insights
Read more
Show less
Sign up to our newsletter
Stay informed on Vintly news and updates.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops!
Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Partnerships
A seamless experience
Experience a seamless data and information flow.
We integrate with ERP's, PLM's, TMS's and WMS's.
Not ready to integrate?
We also facilitate import/export as well as ftp solutions.
Try Vintly today
Start a free trial now and see the results for yourself.
Start 14-day free trial