Privacy policy
Site www.mashallah.app
1. Data declared by Members and collected by Mashallah.app
1.1 When creating an account, Mashallah.app collects the following data, which the Internet user provides and which Mashallah.app retains for a period of 3 years from the Member’s last connection to the www.mashallah.app website:
Gender Date of birth E-mail address Country Postal code This information is required to create an account and access the services of the www.mashallah.app website.
1.2 When modifying the Member’s profile, Mashallah.app collects the following data, which the Member enters and keeps for a period of 18 months, starting from the Member’s last connection to the www.mashallah.app website:
The Member’s most distinctive character traits Eye color Hair color Height Build Style Sports activities Eating habits Smoking habits Occupation Lifestyle (“how do you live?”) Existence of children Willingness to have children Sports and leisure activities The Member’s photo The Member’s IP addresses when browsing the www.mashallah.app website These Data are collected, on an optional basis, by means of forms on the www.mashallah.app website.
1.3 Mashallah.app collects the following data when an Internet user creates a Member account, as well as when the Member’s profile is modified. This data is filled in by the Member and kept for a period of 18 months from the Member’s last connection to the www.mashallah.app website:
Origin Religious belief Religious practice This Data constitutes sensitive information for which the Member specifically and previously accepts, by a positive act of will when registering, that it be processed in accordance with article 2. In addition, each form includes the following statement: “Your personal data is collected and processed by Mashallah and communicated to its service providers and to other members located inside and outside the EU in order to benefit from our favored services, in accordance with the Privacy Policy. In accordance with the French Data Protection Act of January 6, 1978, you have the right to access and rectify information concerning you, which you may exercise by contacting cnil@mashallah.app.” The Member is therefore fully informed of the use of his or her Data if he or she chooses to provide it, which is not imperative.
1.4 Mashallah.app collects connection data (date, time, visitor’s computer protocol, pages consulted) for statistical purposes during the Member’s use of the www.mashallah.app website and retains this data for a period of 3 years from the Member’s last connection to the www.mashallah.app website.
Mashallah.app processes, only when the Internet user registers to become a Member, the latter’s geolocation via his or her IP address. This data is only used to facilitate registration and is not retained or reused. Any reference to the Member’s location on the
www.mashallah.app
website therefore results from the address declared by the Member at the time of registration.
1.5 Mashallah.app collects data when the Member subscribes to a Premium membership on the www.mashallah.app website and stores it for a period of 10 years, taking into account our accounting obligations:
Invoices relating to the subscription The amount of transactions carried out, as well as the date and time of these transactions
1.6 Mashallah.app keeps the first 6 issues and last 4 issues and the expiry date of the Member’s credit card for the sole purpose of identification when the Member signs up for a Premium subscription on the www.mashallah.app website, in order to ensure the commercial relationship with the Member for a period of 3 years from the date of the Member’s last connection to the www.mashallah.app website.
Your credit card number and its cryptogram are collected directly and securely by Mashallah.app’s payment provider, Stripe, in order to proceed with the payment of your subscription, as well as any future subscriptions. To do this, only your bank imprint is transmitted to us by Stripe, whose privacy policy is available by
clicking here
. and kept by us for the entire duration of your active subscription, to allow easy renewal, but also for your future subscriptions, including after suspension or termination of your original subscription, for a period of one (1) year from the first collection of your banking data, plus the duration of your active subscription. You can object to this at any time from the “My Account” / “My Subscription” section or by contacting us via the Contact Form section.
2. The use made by Mashallah.app of the Data collected
The Data collected is processed electronically for the following purposes: to enable Members to access the services of the www.mashallah.app website and thus to enable contact between Members located in and/or outside the European Union to ensure commercial relations with Members and to carry out certain operations relating to prospecting to compile commercial statistics, with the exception of Data relating to the origin and religious beliefs of Members to improve the technical and practical aspects of the www.mashallah.app website, with the exception of Data relating to the origin and religious beliefs of Members
3. Recipients of Data collected by Mashallah.app
The Data is subject to data processing intended for Mashallah.app, other Members and Mashallah.app’s service providers. Other Members may be located outside the European Union, and these Members have access to the data designated in articles 1.1., 1.2., 1.3., with the exception of the Member’s e-mail address, in order to promote meetings between Members, which is the very purpose of the www.mashallah.app website. The service provider of LT Services who operates the www.mashallah.app website has access to the data designated in articles 1.1. to 1.6 in order to help Mashallah.app in its mission of moderating the www.mashallah.app website and ensuring quality customer service. When registering on the www.mashallah.app website, Members must agree to the processing and transfer of their Data, including Data concerning their beliefs and/or origin, to other Members and to Mashallah.app service providers possibly located outside the European Union. Guarantees have been taken to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data.
4. The person responsible for processing the Data collected by Mashallah.app
Data are collected by : LT Services 105 Rue Anatole France 92300 Levallois Perret France
5. The right of opposition, access, rectification and deletion of Member Data collected by Mashallah.app
In accordance with the provisions of articles 38, 39 and 40 of the French Data Protection Act (Loi n°78-17 relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés) of January 6, 1978, as amended by Act n°2004-81 of August 6, 2004, the Member may, at any time: oppose the processing of his/her personal data as part of the Services provided by Mashallah.app (article 38 of the French Data Protection Act) access all his/her personal data processed as part of the Services provided by Mashallah.app (article 39 of the French Data Protection Act) rectify, update and delete personal data processed as part of the Services provided by Mashallah.app (article 40 of the French Data Protection Act). To exercise these rights, the Member should send a simple e-mail or a letter, taking care to provide proof of identity (give full name, e-mail address and attach a copy of proof of identity) to Mashallah.app, at the following e-mail address cnil@mashallah.app or to the following postal address: LT Services 105 Rue Anatole France 92300 Levallois Perret France. Each request is processed within 60 days.
6. Password security
Mashallah.app takes every precaution to ensure the secure storage of your password. However, the security of your password also depends on its design. We would also like to remind you that a good password should be long enough, made up of at least 3 different types of characters (letter, number, special characters) and must not be related to the holder. Mnemonic techniques can be used to create complex passwords, such as: retaining only the first letters of words in a sentence; for example, the sentence “Une rencontre c’est plus simple sur Mashallah” corresponds to the password 1RC+S/m capitalizing nouns (e.g. Rencontre) retaining punctuation marks (e.g. ‘) expressing numbers using digits from 0 to 9 (e.g. Un ->1)
7. Cookies
7.1. What is a cookie?
Mashallah.app uses cookies on its website. A cookie is a piece of information deposited by Mashallah.app on the terminal used to access our website. Cookies relate to the Member’s browsing of the www.mashallah.app website from a computer and/or dedicated application, and make it possible to determine the pages consulted, and the date and time of consultation. At no time do these cookies allow Mashallah.app to identify the Member personally.
7.2. How long are these cookies stored?
These cookies are stored on the Internet user’s and/or Member’s terminal for no longer than thirteen (13) months.
7.3. Which cookies are stored on my terminal when I browse Mashallah.app?
7.3.1. Cookie from Mashallah.app
Service and type of cookie Role of cookie and data collected Duration .mashallah.app USR_MKT Allows the user, if he ticks the “Log me in automatically next time” box, not to enter his username/password. This cookie only works on the computer where the request was made 1 month .mashallah.app user_agreement Records the action of having accepted the legal information on the cookies policy 13 months .mashallah.app PHPSESSID Allows the site to function session .mashallah.appSEO_MKT Internal tracking of our advertising campaigns 13 months .mashallah.app VLDT-D-VP Checks the recording of data related to the profile 12 months
7.3.2. Third-party cookie
Service and type of cookie Role of cookie and data collected Duration .facebook _js_datr All these cookies are installed by Facebook to allow you to connect to our platform from your Facebook account. 7 days .facebook locale 7 days .facebook reg_fb_gate reg_fb_ref wd act checkpoint c_user fr xs csm s lu session Service and type of cookie Role of cookie and data collected Duration Collection of user consent Google Analytics _gat_UA-625817-1_ga Audience measurement incorporated into Google tag manager 1 year yes .msn.com MUID Ad conversion tracking on the microsoft Bing network 13 months yes .bat.r.msn.com MR .bing.com MUID .bat.bing.com MR .doubleclick.net test_cookie This cookie facilitates targeted advertising based on your centers of interest 13 months yes
Retour à l’accueil