Getting Over It+ Privacy Policy


Introduction
Bennett Foddy (”Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:
• The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you use, or play Company’s game, Getting Over It+ (the “Game”), through Apple Inc.,’s Apple Arcade system (“Apple Arcade”).
• Our practices for collecting, disclosing, and storing that information. This policy applies only to information we collect in this Game and which may be provided in an email by you to Company, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with this Game.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
• We collect offline or on any other Company apps, games or websites, including those that you may access through Apple’s systems.
• You provide to or is collected by any third party including Apple Arcade.
Our other websites, games and apps and any such other third parties, including Apple Arcade, may have their own privacy policies and terms of use, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not use this Game. By using and playing this Game, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).


Information We Collect
We collect a limited amount of information from users of our Game and/or relating to the performance of our Game, solely to support the operations of the Game. This includes Game save data, which is saved automatically while you play the game and sent directly to Apple Arcade. 

We do not collect any personally identifiable information from you when you play the Game. If you contact us, for example by emailing us, or otherwise corresponding directly with Company, we will collect the information that you have voluntarily submitted in your correspondence. This may include your name, contact information, and other information you provide.


Apple Arcade Automatic Collection
When you use and/or save your progress in the Game, the Game collects and sends non-identifiable information to Apple Arcade and its other services, such as iCloud, in order for Apple Arcade to use such data for, but not limited to, saving your game, tracking your achievements, determining your status on leaderboards and/or play against other users. This may use technology to automatically save, collect and transfer your data that you have provided directly to Apple Arcade. All uses of Apple Arcade are subject to Apple Arcade’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of Apple Arcade or its third parties partners, even if the Game appears within and/or is accessible through Apple Arcade. You may decline to store data in the Apple Arcade and the iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, you must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our Game. As a result, you will only be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, you must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings. As a result, you will not appear on leaderboards.


Information We Store
We do not store any gameplay data on any of our servers during or after you play the Game. All savegame data is transferred directly to Apple Arcade and used on Apple Arcade’s services.

If you do not want us to collect this information, do not use the Game.

If you correspond directly with Company, Company will retain information that specifically identifies you for as long as needed to provide you with the services you requested and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.

If you do not want us to collect this information, do not send any correspondence to Company.


How We Use Your Information
We use the information detailed in this policy, solely to support the operation of the Game or to respond to a correspondence directly from you.


Children Under the Age of 13
The Company collects, uses, and discloses data from kids in the same way as for other users, as described in this policy. Game use of all data is limited to support operations of the Game. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@foddy.net.


Disclosure of Your Information
As noted above, Game save data is collected by and shared with Apple Arcade as described in this policy, and username/score data is posted to our backend leaderboards. No other sharing, distribution, sale, rental or transfer of such data is undertaken by Company for any other purpose.

To the extent we have information that specifically identifies you, the only time that we may disclose information that you have provided to Company would be:

• To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
• To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Company
• If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers or others.
• In connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or the sale, merger or change of control of Company, the Game, or division responsible for the Game with which your information is associated.


Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.


Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we may choose to notify you in one or more of the following ways: posting the new privacy policy on this page, account and/or delivering an in-Game alert the first time you use the Game after we make the change.

The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.


Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us via email at: support@foddy.net