SEMANTLE
Home
About
Stats
Archive
Create
Junior
Teams
Account
FAQ
Settings
← Back
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your sensitive information, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and how they relate specifically in regard of what type or quantity data might be collected from you by way of using the website at any given time during browsing sessions on either desktop computers, tablets, or mobile devices.
Our Commitment
We do not collect any personal information on this site. Third party vendors may use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized advertising.
Information We Collect
We collect the IP address and click patterns of our users for a period, but this data is never sold or shared with anyone else. We use it to see how people interact online so that we can make improvements on what they experience in their user interface (UI). Our email addresses are kept only as long as necessary; when responding back from customer inquiries or feedback - we do not reuse those same respondents' names again next time around!
Third Party Services
We collect generic website analytics by way of website browser and cookies. Our analytics data collected is anonymous. We may work with third-party advertising companies to deliver ads when you visit our site. These firms may use aggregated information about your internet activity and other websites that are visited in order provide advertisements relevant for you on this platform only, but not including any personal details such as name or address.
We use a third-party to provide monetization technologies for our site. You can review Snigel's privacy and cookie policy
here
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Manage your consent by way of the CCPA.
Log Data
We collect certain log data whenever you access our website or services. The information we collect may include your IP address, device name and version as well as the time you utilize our service. We use these and other statistics to help us provide improvements to the website.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app/website may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Contact
We would love to hear from you! Whether you have a concern or simply want to say hello, please get in touch with us.
Feedback
|
Privacy policy
|
Terms of use
|
Contact
As featured in
Semantle has a fresh new look! 🎉
While we've upgraded the user interface, the gameplay remains just as you remember it. Don't worry, all your stats will automatically be transferred.
Legacy Semantle
Prefer the old Semantle? Click here to transfer your stats
legacy.semantle.com
Stats Migration Validator!
MIGRATE
SETTINGS
Hide Emojis:
NO
Lower:
NO
Dark Mode:
YES
daily
Guesses
No guesses found for daily
child
Guesses
No guesses found for child
yesterday
Guesses
No guesses found for yesterday
Important
Did you create an account on the old Semantle? Please create
a new account
so your stats and games are available across devices.
New features
In addition to the features you know and love, we have also added:
Full archive
of Semantle and Semantle Junior
Semantle
Spanish 🇪🇸
(Change the language in settings)