OVERVIEW
iTronics Co., Ltd. dba ThermoPro (“iTronics”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) explains how we collect and use your personal information when you use our websites, applications, and services (collectively the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to any personal information you or any entity on your behalf provides to us, or that we collect through our Services. By accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information according to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
While visiting our websites and applications we may collect the following personal information from you:
Internet Data:  IP address, device ID, browser type, domain name, browsing history, operating system, website interactions, Cookies, and referring website addresses.
Additionally, when you create an account or use Services, we may collect the following additional personal information from you:
Personal Identifiers:  Full name, email address, phone number, physical address, mailing address, date of birth, and social media handles.
Commercial Information:  Purchase history, order information, repair and warranty information, cook data (including cook time, cooking appliance type/brand, and temperature), recipe interactions, reviews, user preferences, customer service communications, group affiliations (military, first responder, veteran, etc.), and payment information.
Inferences:  Customers or consumers’ recipe and marketing preferences, social network profiles and inferences from those profiles.
This information may be collected from you in the following ways:
Interactions with Our Websites & Applications:
You provide us with personal information when you create or login to your account via our websites or applications.
Additionally, we may automatically collect data based on how you use our websites and applications utilizing Cookies and similar technologies depending on your Cookie preferences.
Direct Communications with Us:
You provide us with personal information when you contact us or our customer service representatives through email, phone, or social media, leave a review on our website or respond to a survey.
Other Sources:
Information which we receive from other sources such as social media platforms and third-party providers.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to your computer or other electronic device to uniquely identify your browser. When you use the Services, we may place one or more Cookies or similar tracking technologies such as pixel tags/web beacons and social media widgets (collectively “Cookies”) on your computer or other electronic device. iTronics’ third-party ad servers, ad network providers, and third-party advertisers may also use Cookies to provide you with advertisements that you may see on the Services or on other affiliated websites. We have broken up our Cookies into categories to help you understand what they do.
Essential:
These Cookies are required to use our Services. For example, they are necessary to access our website and login to your account.
Analytics:
These Cookies help us understand how our website performs, how you interact with our website, and identify technical issues. We use this information to make improvements to our user experience.
Personalization:
These Cookies allow us to remember choices you make (such as your username, language, or the region you are in) and provide an enhanced, more personalized website experience.
Marketing:
These Cookies help us deliver advertising that is relevant to you and your interests. For example, third parties may use Cookies to deliver advertisements to you based on your visit toiTronics’ websites and use of our Services.
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We currently do not respond to browser “do not track” signals. However, we do recognize the “Global Privacy Control” (GPC) signal which allows you to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising on ThermoPro.com. If you visit our website with a browser transmitting GPC, we will not share or sell your personal information associated with your visit. If you visit our website using a browser that does not transmit GPC, or use a browser or device that you have not associated with an opt-out preference, click the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link in the footer of our website to register your opt-out preference. For more information about our use of Cookies, please click on the “Cookie Policies & Preferences” link in the footer of our website.
AGGREGATE & ANONYMIZED DATA
We may anonymize or aggregate your personal information so that the information can no longer identify you, directly or indirectly. We may use anonymized or aggregated data for any legitimate purposes in accordance with applicable law, including to understand our customers and to evaluate, improve, and develop our products and services.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
iTronics uses the personal information collected from you for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to the following:
To provide you with the Services
To operate our business, which includes, without limitation, using your information (i) to process transactions and fulfill orders, (ii) to manage and enforce contracts with you or with third parties, and (iii) to manage our corporate governance, compliance, and auditing practices
For internal marketing purposes including the administration of contests and promotions
To provide you with customer support, warranty, and other troubleshooting services
To monitor, analyze, improve, and develop our Services and to create and test new Service features;
To provide a more customized user experience
To provide you with product updates and upgrades;
To send you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you
To prevent, identify and address fraudulent or other illegal activity and security issues;
To comply with laws, rules, and regulations; and
For any other purpose for which you expressly authorize us to use your information.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Some jurisdictions require us to disclose the legal basis on which we rely to process personal information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. Our legal basis may include one of the following:
Legitimate Business Interest: We may handle personal information to provide you with the Services and accomplish our legitimate business purposes.
Consent: We may handle personal information based on your consent.
Contractual Obligations: We may handle personal information to meet our contractual obligations with you.
Legal Obligation: We may handle personal information to comply with applicable state, federal, and international laws, and regulations.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be directed to their site. We have no control over these third-party websites or applications and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policy of every website you visit.
DATA SHARING WITH THIRD PARTIES
iTronics does not sell or share personal information to any third parties in exchange for money.
We may share your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers, business partners, and other third-party processors to assist us in operating our business and providing Services to you. We may also disclose your information with third parties when necessary to comply with any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, enforce or investigate a potential violation of our Terms and Conditions, exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, support auditing and compliance functions, protect the rights, property, or safety of iTronics, its users, or the public against harm, facilitate the financing or insuring of our business, complete a merger, acquisition, or any form of transfer or sale of our business or assets, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
We do not share text message originator, opt-in, consent, or message data with any third parties.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
We work with digital advertising, marketing, and social media companies, including Google and Facebook, to provide you with ads that meet your interests and that enhance your experience with us and with select third party advertisers. These ads may be displayed on websites or device applications operated by us or third parties, and they may be based on information about your activities or preferences collected by us or third parties. Please follow the links below to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Google and other similar third-party advertisers:
Digital Advertising Alliance opt out
Network Advertising Initiative opt out
You can also configure your mobile device privacy or advertising settings via “limit ad tracking” on an iOS device or “opt out of interest-based ads” on an Android device to limit how apps track activity for advertising purposes.
Please note that the advertising preferences you select are generally browser and device specific. If you clear your cookies or your browser’s cache or utilize another electronic device, you will need to set your preferences again. If you choose to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you may still see general audience advertising regarding our products and services.
DATA SECURITY & RETENTION
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards reasonably necessary to ensure the protection of your personal information against loss, misuse, disclosure, and alteration. Our websites and applications utilize various information security measures such as internet firewalls, an intrusion detection system, encrypted data transmission, and operating procedures to protect your personal information.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through our websites and applications cannot be guaranteed. Please do your part in protecting your personal information against unauthorized use. Keep your user account password safe and confidential and be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer or device.
By using our Services or otherwise providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our websites, products, and services. If we learn of a security breach involving your personal information, we may attempt to notify you electronically by sending an email to you. To withdraw your consent to receive electronic notice of a data breach, please contact us at
https://buythermopro.com/contact-us/
iTronics will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise required by contract or law. Anonymous and aggregated information may be stored indefinitely.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
iTronics is headquartered in Hong Kong. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in Hong Kong or to our affiliates, business partners, merchants, or service providers elsewhere in the world. We may transfer your personal information to other countries outside of Hong Kong for the purposes describe in this Privacy Policy. We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place. If you are in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, your personal information will only be transferred to countries outside of the EEA or UK if there is a data sharing agreement in place between the parties that incorporates the appropriate Standard Contractual Clauses.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
iTronics does not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 16. If you use our Services, you represent that you are at least the age of majority under the laws of the jurisdiction of your place of residence. If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, please alert us at thermopro support.com. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a minor, we will promptly take steps to delete such information from our systems.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a resident of certain states or countries, you may have the right to:
Obtain information regarding the collection, processing, and sharing of your personal information;
Access the personal information we have obtained about you, if any
Transfer your personal information to a third party;
Correct your personal information;
Delete your personal information
Object to, restrict, or opt out of use of your personal information for certain purposes
Opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties; and/or
Lodge a complaint with a supervising government authority.
To submit a privacy request, please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at service@buythermopro.com. Additionally, our website recognizes the “Global Privacy Control” (GPC) signal which allows you to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising on www.buythermopro.com.
Any privacy request you submit to us is subject to an identification and verification process. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify personal information that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your applicable privacy requests. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within 30-45 days. Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated on our progress. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise these privacy rights.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request. We may also require you to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. There may be situations where we cannot grant your request. In such a situation, we will explain our reasoning to you and will honor your right to appeal when applicable.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email and/or by posting a prominent notice on our homepage. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of our Services after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
iTronics Company Limited
FLAT/RM 09, BLK B, 9/F BILLION PLAZA II, 10 CHEUNG YUE STREET, KOWLOON,
HONG KONG
Relationship-Specific Details
Customers and Consumers
Description
iTronics Customers and Consumers
Categories of Information
Identifiers – full name, email address, phone number, physical address, mailing address, date of birth, and social media handles. Commercial Information – purchase history, order information, repair and warranty information, cook data (including cook time, temperature, and cooking appliance type/brand), recipe interactions, reviews, user preferences, customer service communications, group affiliations (military, first responder, veteran, etc.), and payment information. Inferences – recipe and marketing preferences, social network profiles and inferences from those profiles. Geolocation – IP address and geo-location.
Category of Data Subjects
Customers and consumers of iTronics products.
The Source from which this Information was Collected
This information is collected from iTronics’ customers and consumers.
Purpose of Processing
iTronics uses the categories of information listed above to process orders and transactions, respond to requests, personalize the customer’s experience, provide information about products and services, administer promotional activities, improve its websites/apps, troubleshoot issues, provide warranty services, provide product upgrades and updates, create and derive insights, monitor the performance and stability of products, and develop new products and services.
Legal Basis for Processing
Legitimate Business Interest, Consent, Contractual Obligations, or Legal Obligation. If our legal basis for processing your information is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting thermopro support.com.
Automated Processing or Profiling
Does this product/service/process use automated processing: No
If yes, the general methods and logic used are: N/A
Does the automated processing affect the rights of data subjects? N/A
Information Sharing
Categories of Recipients
This information may be shared with marketing partners, payment processors, SaaS providers, cloud storage providers, shipping providers, customer service providers, and e-commerce platforms.
Description of Commercial or Business Purpose
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned or manufactured by the business.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider including maintaining or servicing accounts; providing customer service; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying customer information; processing payments; providing financing; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Short-term transient use – provided the personal information that is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Protecting against malicious or illegal activity and prosecuting those responsible.
Detecting security incidents.
Retention Period
iTronics will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise required by contract or law. Anonymous and aggregated information may be stored indefinitely.
This information may be shared with marketing partners, payment processors, SaaS providers, cloud storage providers, e-commerce platforms, internet providers, and web analytics providers for commercial and/business purposes including but not limited to the following:
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider including maintaining or servicing accounts; providing customer service; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying customer information; processing payments; providing financing; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Short-term transient use – provided the personal information that is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Protecting against malicious or illegal activity and prosecuting those responsible.
Detecting security incidents.
Your rights with regard to the data we collect:
Subject to appropriate legal restrictions and applicability, you may ask iTronics Limited to request, access, rectify, erase, and restrict how we process your Personal Data. These rights include the ability to review the Personal Data we have in our Information and Communications systems concerning you, the ability to correct that Personal Data, the ability to be informed about categories of third parties to whom that data may have been shared, the ability to request that we erase all of our Personal Data about you, and the ability to restrict how we Process your Personal Data.
We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 30 days. Should we be unable to comply within 30 days, we will contact you and let you know of any delay
Exercising Your Rights:
If you want to exercise your rights, you may contact us or our privacy point of contact at:
https://buythermopro.com/contact-us/
Changes to Our Privacy Statement:
We keep this privacy statement under regular review and will place any updates on our website.
This privacy statement was last updated on 10/28/24.