Privacy Policy
We take great care to ensure customer privacy and ensure the security of transactions with us. Payment details and all personal data will be treated with strict confidentiality.
We do not share any of your information unless we are legally obliged or you violate our service terms.
When you browse our store, we automatically obtain your Computer Internet Protocol (IP address)
During the sales checkout we obtain personal information such as your name, address and email address.
With permission, we will periodically send you emails with CharlesTed Home updates and special promotions.
When you provide us with any personal information during the sale or return of goods we assume you are comfortable with us using this information for the purpose only.
Should we request consent to use your personal information for marketing you have the opportunity to opt out.
You may withdraw your consent for us to contact you at anytime, by contacting us at customerservice@charlestedhome.co.uk
CharlesTed Home is hosted on Shopify Inc.  This enables us to Provide our e-commerce service.
Shopify will store personal data on a secure server behind a firewall. Payment: Credit Card payments are encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your payment data is stored until the transaction is complete. Then all data is deleted. All payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
PCI-DSS ensures the secure handling of credit card information and our service providers.
Further information on Shopify’s Terms of Service can be found here
(https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms)
Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
Full Name
Email
Message
Optional
This is urgent
Select an option
- Pick an option -
Option one
Option two
Option three
Option four
Option five
Send
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.
This site is protected by hCaptcha and the hCaptcha
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.Privacy Policy
We take great care to ensure customer privacy and ensure the security of transactions with us. Payment details and all personal data will be treated with strict confidentiality.
We do not share any of your information unless we are legally obliged or you violate our service terms.
When you browse our store, we automatically obtain your Computer Internet Protocol (IP address)
During the sales checkout we obtain personal information such as your name, address and email address.
With permission, we will periodically send you emails with CharlesTed Home updates and special promotions.
When you provide us with any personal information during the sale or return of goods we assume you are comfortable with us using this information for the purpose only.
Should we request consent to use your personal information for marketing you have the opportunity to opt out.
You may withdraw your consent for us to contact you at anytime, by contacting us at customerservice@charlestedhome.co.uk
CharlesTed Home is hosted on Shopify Inc.  This enables us to Provide our e-commerce service.
Shopify will store personal data on a secure server behind a firewall. Payment: Credit Card payments are encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your payment data is stored until the transaction is complete. Then all data is deleted. All payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
PCI-DSS ensures the secure handling of credit card information and our service providers.
Further information on Shopify’s Terms of Service can be found here
(https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms)
Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
Full Name
Email
Message
Optional
This is urgent
Select an option
- Pick an option -
Option one
Option two
Option three
Option four
Option five
Send
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.
This site is protected by hCaptcha and the hCaptcha
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.charlestedhome.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
CharlesTed Home
Get our app for the best experience!
GET
Skip to content
Free Shipping for orders over £100
Cart
0
Congratulations! Your order qualifies for free shipping
You are
€115,82
away from free shipping.
No more products available for purchase
Products
Pair with
Is this a gift?
Leave a note about your order
Subtotal
Free
Check Out
Check Out
Shipping, taxes, and discount codes are calculated at checkout
Your Cart is Empty
Studio CTH
New Arrivals
Home Decor
Faux Flowers & Greenery
Furniture
Kitchen & Dining
Lighting
Soft Furnishings
Privacy policy
Last updated: February 13, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how CharlesTed Home (the "Site", "we", "us", or "our") collects, uses, and discloses your personal information when you visit, use our services, or make a purchase from www.charlestedhome.co.uk (the "Site") or otherwise communicate with us regarding the Site (collectively, the "Services"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "you" and "your" means you as the user of the Services, whether you are a customer, website visitor, or another individual whose information we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site, update the "Last updated" date and take any other steps required by applicable law.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
To provide the Services, we collect personal information about you from a variety of sources, as set out below. The information that we collect and use varies depending on how you interact with us.
In addition to the specific uses set out below, we may use information we collect about you to communicate with you, provide or improve or improve the Services, comply with any applicable legal obligations, enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
What Personal Information We Collect
The types of personal information we obtain about you depends on how you interact with our Site and use our Services. When we use the term "personal information", we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes or can be associated with you. The following sections describe the categories and specific types of personal information we collect.
Information We Collect Directly from You
Information that you directly submit to us through our Services may include:
Contact details
including your name, address, phone number, and email.
Order information
including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment confirmation, email address, and phone number.
Account information
including your username, password, security questions and other information used for account security purposes.
Customer support information
including the information you choose to include in communications with us, for example, when sending a message through the Services.
Some features of the Services may require you to directly provide us with certain information about yourself. You may elect not to provide this information, but doing so may prevent you from using or accessing these features.
Information We Collect about Your Usage
We may also automatically collect certain information about your interaction with the Services ("
Usage Data
"). To do this, we may use cookies, pixels and similar technologies ("
Cookies
"). Usage Data may include information about how you access and use our Site and your account, including device information, browser information, information about your network connection, your IP address and other information regarding your interaction with the Services.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
Finally, we may obtain information about you from third parties, including from vendors and service providers who may collect information on our behalf, such as:
Companies who support our Site and Services, such as Shopify.
Our payment processors, who collect payment information (e.g., bank account, credit or debit card information, billing address) to process your payment in order to fulfill your orders and provide you with products or services you have requested, in order to perform our contract with you.
When you visit our Site, open or click on emails we send you, or interact with our Services or advertisements, we, or third parties we work with, may automatically collect certain information using online tracking technologies such as pixels, web beacons, software developer kits, third-party libraries, and cookies.
Any information we obtain from third parties will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also see the section below,
Third Party Websites and Links.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Providing Products and Services.
We use your personal information to provide you with the Services in order to perform our contract with you, including to process your payments, fulfill your orders, to send notifications to you related to your account, purchases, returns, exchanges or other transactions, to create, maintain and otherwise manage your account, to arrange for shipping, facilitate any returns and exchanges and other features and functionalities related to your account. We may also enhance your shopping experience by enabling Shopify to match your account with other Shopify services that you may choose to use. In this case, Shopify will process your information as set forth in its Privacy Policy and Consumer Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send marketing, advertising and promotional communications by email, text message or postal mail, and to show you advertisements for products or services. This may include using your personal information to better tailor the Services and advertising on our Site and other websites. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in selling our products, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
We use your personal information to detect, investigate or take action regarding possible fraudulent, illegal or malicious activity. If you choose to use the Services and register an account, you are responsible for keeping your account credentials safe. We highly recommend that you do not share your username, password, or other access details with anyone else. If you believe your account has been compromised, please contact us immediately. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in keeping our website secure for you and other customers, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Communicating with You and Service Improvement.
We use your personal information to provide you with customer support and improve our Services. This is in our legitimate interests in order to be responsive to you, to provide effective services to you, and to maintain our business relationship with you according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use Cookies on our Site. For specific information about the Cookies that we use related to powering our store with Shopify, see
https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookies
. We use Cookies to power and improve our Site and our Services (including to remember your actions and preferences), to run analytics and better understand user interaction with the Services (in our legitimate interests to administer, improve and optimize the Services). We may also permit third parties and services providers to use Cookies on our Site to better tailor the services, products and advertising on our Site and other websites.
Most browsers automatically accept Cookies by default, but you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject Cookies through your browser controls. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking Cookies can negatively impact your user experience and may cause some of the Services, including certain features and general functionality, to work incorrectly or no longer be available. Additionally, blocking Cookies may not completely prevent how we share information with third parties such as our advertising partners.
How We Disclose Personal Information
In certain circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties for contract fulfillment purposes, legitimate purposes and other reasons subject to this Privacy Policy. Such circumstances may include:
With vendors or other third parties who perform services on our behalf (e.g., IT management, payment processing, data analytics, customer support, cloud storage, fulfillment and shipping).
With business and marketing partners to provide services and advertise to you. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
When you direct, request us or otherwise consent to our disclosure of certain information to third parties, such as to ship you products or through your use of social media widgets or login integrations, with your consent.
With our affiliates or otherwise within our corporate group, in our legitimate interests to run a successful business.
In connection with a business transaction such as a merger or bankruptcy, to comply with any applicable legal obligations (including to respond to subpoenas, search warrants and similar requests), to enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
We disclose the following categories of personal information and sensitive personal information about users for the purposes set out above in
"How we Collect and Use your Personal Information"
and
"How we Disclose Personal Information"
:
Category
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers such as basic contact details and certain order and account information
Commercial information such as order information, shopping information and customer support information
Internet or other similar network activity, such as Usage Data
Geolocation data such as locations determined by an IP address or other technical measures
Vendors and third parties who perform services on our behalf (such as Internet service providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, customer support partners and data analytics providers)
Business and marketing partners
Affiliates
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your consent or for the purposes of inferring characteristics about you.
With your consent we share personal information for the purpose of engaging in advertising and marketing activities, as follows.
User Generated Content
The Services may enable you to post product reviews and other user-generated content. If you choose to submit user generated content to any public area of the Services, this content will be public and accessible by anyone.
We do not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make available to others, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available, or for the accuracy, use or misuse of any information that you disclose or receive from third parties.
Third Party Websites and Links
Our Site may provide links to websites or other online platforms operated by third parties. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by us, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions. We do not guarantee and are not responsible for the privacy or security of such sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of information found on these sites. Information you provide on public or semi-public venues, including information you share on third-party social networking platforms may also be viewable by other users of the Services and/or users of those third-party platforms without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party. Our inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content on such platforms or of their owners or operators, except as disclosed on the Services.
Children's Data
The Services are not intended to be used by children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children. If you are the parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with their personal information, you may contact us using the contact details set out below to request that it be deleted.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not have actual knowledge that we “share” or “sell” (as those terms are defined in applicable law) personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Security and Retention of Your Information
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee “perfect security.” In addition, any information you send to us may not be secure while in transit. We recommend that you do not use insecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information to us.
How long we retain your personal information depends on different factors, such as whether we need the information to maintain your account, to provide the Services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce other applicable contracts and policies.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have some or all of the rights listed below in relation to your personal information. However, these rights are not absolute, may apply only in certain circumstances and, in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Access / Know
: You may have a right to request access to personal information that we hold about you, including details relating to the ways in which we use and share your information.
Right to Delete
: You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we maintain about you.
Right to Correct
: You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Right of Portability
: You may have a right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to request that we transfer it to a third party, in certain circumstances and with certain exceptions.
Right to Opt out of Sale or Sharing or Targeted Advertising
: You may have a right to direct us not to "sell" or "share" your personal information or to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes considered to be "targeted advertising", as defined in applicable privacy laws. Please note that if you visit our Site with the Global Privacy Control opt-out preference signal enabled, depending on where you are, we will automatically treat this as a request to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of information for the device and browser that you use to visit the Site.
Restriction of Processing
: You may have the right to ask us to stop or restrict our processing of personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent
: Where we rely on consent to process your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw this consent.
Appeal
: You may have a right to appeal our decision if we decline to process your request. You can do so by replying directly to our denial.
Managing Communication Preferences
: We may send you promotional emails, and you may opt out of receiving these at any time by using the unsubscribe option displayed in our emails to you. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or orders that you have made.
You may exercise any of these rights where indicated on our Site or by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. We may need to collect information from you to verify your identity, such as your email address or account information, before providing a substantive response to the request. In accordance with applicable laws, you may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. We will respond to your request in a timely manner as required under applicable law.
Complaints
If you have complaints about how we process your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, depending on where you live you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using the contact details set out below, or lodge your complaint with your local data protection authority. For the EEA, you can find a list of the responsible data protection supervisory authorities
here
.
International Users
Please note that we may transfer, store and process your personal information outside the country you live in. Your personal information is also processed by staff and third party service providers and partners in these countries.
If we transfer your personal information out of Europe, we will rely on recognized transfer mechanisms like the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, or any equivalent contracts issued by the relevant competent authority of the UK, as relevant, unless the data transfer is to a country that has been determined to provide an adequate level of protection.
Contact
Should you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise any of the rights available to you, please call or email us at customerservice@charlestedhome.co.uk or contact us at Swallows Ridge, Wilmslow, ENG, SK9 2BW, GB.
For the purpose of applicable data protection laws and if not explicitly stated otherwise, we are the data controller of your personal information.
Previous
Next
Close
Scan the QR Code
Use NEWAPP10 at checkout
GET 10% OFF ON THE APP
✕
Happy Official First Day of Spring 🌷
Swipe to the last image to see the cutest thing🐰

#springuk #spring25 #springflowers #easterbunny #springhome #easterdecor #springdecor #charlestedhome
March 20
✕
No plug socket? No problem! 💡✨ Wireless lamps are perfect for those spots that need light but don’t have an outlet—like bookshelves, console tables, bedside tables, or a kitchen corner. Say goodbye to untidy wires and extension cords! They also look incredible along a dining table both inside and outside. Simply Charge, place, and enjoy!

Such an easy way to brighten up any space! 🌟

#WirelessLighting #NoplugNeeded #BrightIdeas #Cosycorners  #LightingMadeEasy #cordlesslamp #ledlamp #kitchenstyling #shelfstyling #homedecor #charlestedhome
March 17
✕
Happy New Week 🤎🤎 

#charlestedhome #beautifulbedroom #mondaymotivation #neptunehome #cushioninspo
March 17
✕
Gold or Black..? 

#ledlamp #wirelesslamp #inspirationalspace #homedecor #interiorstyling #charlestedhome
March 16
✕
Pink 💕💕 which is your favourite..? 

Peonies, Roses or Tulips? 🌷 

#springflowers #fauxflowerstyling #utilityroominspo #charlestedhome #pinkflowers #pinkpeonies #pinkrose #pinktulips #ukspring
March 15
✕
BTS 🎥 📸 

Photoshoot days are always so much fun! I’m the most impatient when we wrap for the day - I love it when a few days later I get that text to say “photos on their way!” #interiorphotographer #charlestedhome #homedecor #pinkhome #bts #photoshoot #interiorphotoshoot #spring2025 #springhomedecor #pinkaesthetic #fauxflowers #utilityroominspiration
March 15
Sub-policy 1
https://hcaptcha.com/privacy:
DE
-
ES
-
FR
-
PT
-
PT (BR)
Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 5, 2025
Welcome to hCaptcha! This Privacy Policy describes the practices of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI", "we" or "us") regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information (including Personal Information, defined below) through our website at www.hcaptcha.com and any other subdomains or domains we use (the "Sites") and the hCaptcha application program interface and related software and materials (collectively, the "Service").
Not Applicable to Third Party Websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, offering, product or service of any third party, even if it links to our Site or incorporates the Service – please refer to the applicable privacy policies before deciding to provide any information to third parties.
A Note to Customers Outside the United States.
IMI is based in the United States. The Sites and Service are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites and Service you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
‍
A Note to California Residents
. Please see our "Notice to California Residents" section related to your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of Personal Information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details within this Privacy Policy.
‍
A Note to European Economic Area Residents.
Please see our "Notice to EU Data Subjects" section related to your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and our Data Privacy Framework notice below.
Note that IMI is the controller of your personal information, except where we process personal information on behalf of our Integrators in connection with the provision of our Service, in which case we are the processor/service provider of personal information, and those Integrators are the controllers/businesses of the personal information.
‍
Where we act as a processor/service provider for our Integrators, we do not use the personal information collected for any purpose other than as reasonably necessary to provide our Service, and our processing will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our Integrators, not this Privacy Policy
.
If a contract we have with an Integrator refers to, or incorporates by reference, this Privacy Policy, any personal information we process on behalf of the Integrator will be subject to the Data Processing Addendum, not this Privacy Policy.
In some cases, we may license our software to Integrators and/or operate it within their environment on their behalf, in which case we are solely a licensor of software and only their terms and privacy policy shall apply to such personal data.
We may reference or describe some personal data collected from End-Users throughout this Privacy Policy. However, these disclosures are for informational purposes only and, for clarity, the processing of End-User personal data is governed by the agreement we have with our Integrator customers, not this Privacy Policy.
Processing of EU Data Subject data operates under the legal basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) integrated within the Data Processing Addendum to our Terms of Service or Data Processing Agreements with our Integrators.
If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. We will, however, provide assistance to our Integrators to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them.
‍
Data Privacy Framework
‍
Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Scope:
IM adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to personal data of individuals in the European Economic Area member states, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to the personal data of individuals in Switzerland ("Covered Individuals") processed by Intuition Machines, Inc. as part of providing our Services ("Personal Data").
Data processed:
IM provides cloud security services that may be included in other websites and apps, or used within the customer's server environment. In providing these services, IM seeks to minimize collection and retention of data, and maintains no long-term data about End Users of IM services, but may process the following Personal Data of Covered Individuals in the United States:
Communications metadata (e.g. information on originating IP address or other identifier, date and time of interaction);
Contact information for our customers and their employees with access to the Services, and similar registered user data; and
Service support ticketing information (contact detail for individuals initiating the support request and any other personal data shared as part of the support request).
Purposes for which data is used:
IM may use Personal Data for providing, managing, supporting, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services, as otherwise instructed by the IM customer or other data controller who transmitted, received, or stored the data, or in accordance with contractual requirements. IM may also use Personal Data for other purposes for which the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual’s consent.
Inquiries and complaints:
If you are a Covered Individual and believe that IM maintains your Personal Data within the scope of our EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, or Swiss-U.S. DPF certifications, you may submit any privacy or data use concerns concerning such data by emailing support@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
IM will respond within 45 days of receiving the communication. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
If neither IM nor our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration as provided under the Data Privacy Framework Program. See Data Privacy Framework website at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Third parties who may receive Personal Data:
IM may disclose Personal Data to its affiliates, as well as to a limited number of third-party business partners, service providers, vendors, suppliers and other contractors (collectively, "Service Providers") for the purpose of assisting us in providing, managing, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services. IM maintains contracts with these IM affiliates and Service Providers restricting their access, use and disclosure of Personal Data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and IM may be liable if such parties fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We also may share or disclose Personal Data to the extent that the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual's consent.
Your rights to access, to limit use, and to limit disclosure:
Covered Individuals have rights to access their stored Personal Data and to limit its use and disclosure. With our Data Privacy Framework certification, 8x8 has committed to respect those rights. If you are an Covered Individual and you wish to request access to or to limit use or disclosure of your Personal Data, please contact us by email to privacy@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
U.S. Federal Trade Commission enforcement:
IM's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission or the applicable United States authorized statutory body.
Compelled disclosure:
IM may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, or administrative or judicial process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
‍
‍
Information We Collect
We collect information from individuals who interact with our Sites and Services, including those who incorporate our Service into their website ("Integrators"), those who utilize the services for data labeling ("Customers"), and the end users who interact with our Service through the websites of our Integrators ("End-Users").
We collect the following categories of information:
Information that can be used to identify or contact an individual ("Personal Information"), such as name, email address, and country. We collect Personal Information from our current and prospective Integrators and Customers when they give it directly to us (for example, by filling in a form when signing up for an account, or applying to receive email notifications from us). We may also verify the identity of our Integrators and Customers by comparing personal information against third party databases or official legal documents.
Information collected automatically as a result of an Integrator’s or Customer’s use of the Sites or the Services ("Analytics Information"), such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp of access, and other similar information. Some Analytics Information is collected on our behalf by third parties we engage for that purpose, and some Analytics Information is collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies (see "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" below).
Information collected as a result of End-Users answering prompts through the Service ("Labeled Data"), such as image labeling data, text converted from audio files played to those End-Users, answers to questions, and other prompts generated by the Service for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning applications. Note that Labeled Data is not tied to any identified individual.
Other information collected from End-Users as part of the Service to that is required to determine whether they
are human, such as mouse movements, scroll position, keypress events, touch events, and similar information as applicable.
We may collect additional information from End-Users who wish to work with us as Individual Data Labelers.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To administer Integrator and Customer accounts and provide the Service. We use Personal Information in order to associate specific accounts with  Integrators and Customers and to provide them the Service, to respond to requests or inquiries, to provide support or technical assistance, and to facilitate payments.
To improve to Site and the Service. We use Analytics Information to improve our existing and develop new services and offerings and to customize existing and future product offerings.
To derive market insights. We use Analytics Information to analyze the market and conduct business analyses related to the Site and our Services, and for other research purposes.
To provide a market for Labeled Data. Our Service enables high volume data labeling and human review for machine learning systems as a service to website owners and companies who need help getting their data labeled. To that end, we disclose Labeled Data to our Customers interested in acquiring Labeled Data.
To secure our services and systems. We use Analytics Information to secure our systems by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, and to otherwise protect the information we collect.
For any legitimate business purpose, provided that the information is de-identified or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
How We Share Information
We share or disclose personal information in the following cases:
Upon direct request from an Integrator to identify the fraud risk of a specific CAPTCHA challenge request or IP address, or otherwise where specific consent was given.
With vendors we engage to provide essential aspects of the Sites and the Service, such as data storage, hosting, and Analytics, and only for those purposes.
As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests, law enforcement requests, and otherwise to public and private entities in order to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others.
With others for any legitimate business purpose, provided the information is de-identified
or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies
As discussed above, we (and our third party vendors) collect Analytics Information in part through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. In some instance, we work with third party vendors to employ cookies for the purposes of collecting Analytics Information.
We use Sentry to collect debugging data when a user experiences an error. For information on how Sentry collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use Cloudflare to optimize our web traffic. For information on how Cloudflare collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use TypeForm to conduct surveys. For information on how TypeForm collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
If you would prefer not to block the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, please see "Managing Your Information," below. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Sites or Service, as some features may not work properly.
How We Secure Information
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store, and require all agents who carry out our processing on our behalf to do the same. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Warranty Disclaimers
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Site and the Service (and any other associated services, information, data, features, and other content or materials) are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, IMI excludes all warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Managing Your Information (Your Rights)
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
• Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information (the right to know);
• Access to and Portability of Your Personal Information, including: (i) obtaining access to or a copy of your Personal Information; and (ii) receiving an electronic copy of Personal Information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format (also known as the “right of data portability”);
• Request Correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
• Request Deletion of your Personal Information;
• Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws),  if we “sell” your Personal Information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in “profiling” in furtherance of certain “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects” concerning you (as such terms are defined by applicable privacy laws); and
• Appeal our Decision to decline to process your request.
Please note that listing these rights above does not mean that we necessarily undertake any activity in which they would be relevant or applicable. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at: support@hcaptcha.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
Please note that IMI is not able to fulfill requests it receives from individuals regarding Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of its Integrators. If you have a request related to Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of an Integrator, please contact the relevant Integrator directly.
‍
If you would prefer to block cookies or other tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices all you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. You may also use third party tools, including browser plug-ins, to control your cookie preferences. Note, however, that if you disable all cookies, some portions of our Sites may not function properly.
Information from Children
Our Sites and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it. Please contact us if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13:
support@hcaptcha.com
Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
This remainder of this Notice to California Residents only applies toIMI’s processing of Personal Information that is subject to theCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) ("
CCPA
") where IMI is acting in its capacity as a "business". The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of Personal Information IMI has collected about them, and whether IMI disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by IMI
Identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Commercial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Professional or employment-related information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in "Information We Collect", "How We Use Information", and "How We Share Information" above, respectively. We will retain Personal Information in accordance with the time periods set forth in "Data Retention."
Additional Disclosures
Disclosure Regarding "Sales" of Personal Information under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "sold" any Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sale" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure Regarding "Sharing" for "Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising" under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "shared" any Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sharing" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age for "cross-context behavioral advertising".
Disclosure Regarding Opt-Out Preference Signals. IMI does not "sell" Personal Information or "share" Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" so it does not respond to opt-out preference signals.
Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information.
IMI only uses and discloses
sensitive P
ersonal Information for the following purposes:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at IMI and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf,may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PersonalInformation. You may also make a verifiable consumer request onbehalf of your minor child. To authorize an agent, provide writtenaurization signed by you and your designated agent and contact usat
support@hcaptcha.com
for additional instructions.
Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling your request submitted under the CCPA.These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with you, opening a link sent to the contact information provided, and following the instructions on the website you are taken to.
‍
Notice to EU Data Subjects
Personal Information
With respect to EU data subjects, the term "personal information" as used in this Privacy Policy is equivalent to "personal data" as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Sensitive Data
Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents.
Legal Bases for Processing
We only use your personal information as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described below. If you have questions about the legal bases under which we process your personal information, contact us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Processing Purposes
To communicate with you
To optimize our platform
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety
To provide our service
‍
Legal Basis
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We attempt to consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by any adverse impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Processing Purpose
‍
With your consent
‍
Legal Basis
Where our use of your personal information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, you have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out
Stop sending you direct marketing communications which you have previously consented to receive. We may continue to send you Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
Access
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
Delete your personal information.
Transfer
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
Data Subject Access Rights Requests
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at support@hcaptcha.com or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator at
this
location.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
As described in our "A Note to Customers Outside the United States" section, please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those in your country of residence. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Sites or using our Service.
Use for New Purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we may notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we may seek your consent for any unrelated purpose and allow you to terminate your use of the service at that time if you object.
Data Retention
We store your Personal Data securely throughout the life of your account with us. We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. The criteria we use to determine storage periods include the applicable contractual provisions that are in force, legal statutory limitation periods, applicable regulatory requirements, and industry standards.
While retention requirements vary by jurisdiction, information about our typical retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are described below.
Contact information you provide to us for marketing purposes, for example by subscribing to our e-mail newsletters, is retained until you unsubscribe or otherwise opt out as described in this Privacy Policy. In that scenario, we will retain data required to comply with your preference indefinitely, for example by hashing or otherwise storing your email address in our suppression list to avoid sending you any future marketing emails.
Email and phone information collected from Accessibility Users will never be used for marketing purposes.
Mobile device (IMEI) and mobile number details collected from you by us and where we are the controller of this data will not be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes.
Records of communications with you (e.g. support tickets opened via email or Twitter) may be kept indefinitely.
Information collected via technical means such as cookies, webpage counters and other analytics tools is discarded as soon as practical, but may be kept for a limited period of up to one year from expiry of the cookie, typically in a de-identified and aggregated form unless we detect potential abuse of our service, in which case we will retain that information to aid us in preventing future abuse. We are unable to link this anonymized and aggregated information to you, your household, an IP address, or any personal information based on the information stored.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Cookie Policy
Last updated: July 18, 2020
We understand your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Sites and Service.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. We and our analytics or service providers, marketing partners, and affiliates may use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Sites has the best possible experience. Please see the "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" section of our Privacy Policy for more details.
GDPR Note
: we believe the hCaptcha anti-bot service (i.e. the Service embedded by websites, games, or mobile apps) includes only so-called "consent-exempt" cookies pursuant to GDPR regulations. Examples of such exempt cookies include:
* Technical cookies strictly necessary for the provision of the service. These include preference cookies, session cookies, load balancing cookies, etc.
* Statistical cookies managed directly by us (i.e. first party, not third-party cookies), where the data is not used for profiling.
This is not legal advice, and no warranties are provided regarding this analysis. If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
‍
The hCaptcha.com and BotStop.com websites (the Sites) may include additional cookies, as described in this Policy.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list below.
We update this list periodically, so there may be additional cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Sites or in emails to help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize new or past users.
To store your login session information if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
To integrate with third party social media websites.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising.
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our Customers and Integrators.
Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Sites, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you need to properly use the Sites. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Sites so you may access it as you have requested and let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.
We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional Cookies enable certain parts of the Sites to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect information on how Customers, Integrators, and End-users use our Sites, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or "persistent," which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the cookie. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Sites are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.
How to disable Cookies.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit https://www.knowcookies.com/ for detailed guidance.
We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Sites may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects", including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.
Cookie(s) Disclosure
Name:
1. hmt_id
Function
1. Used for strictly necessary anonymous service-related statistics, and for other technical purposes like assisting in accessibility support.
Party
1. 1st party
Type
1. Session
Duration
1. 30 days
Names:
INGRESSCOOKIE,
__cfduid,
__cflb,
session,
sessionid
Function
2. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: load balancing, routing.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
2. 1st party
Type
2. Session
Duration
2. Varies; up to 30 days.
Name:
hc_accessibility
Function
3. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: enables Accessibility User use.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
3. 1st party
Type
3. Session
Duration
3. Varies; up to 30 days.
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Impressum (Site Notice)
Last updated: December 23, 2020
hCaptcha is a service of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI"), a Delaware US Corporation (#6393793).
Mailed inquiries may be sent to: Intuition Machines, Inc., 350 Alabama St, San Francisco, CA 94110.
Note while local COVID-19 orders remain in effect there are no guarantees that mail will be received in a timely manner, and email (support@hcaptcha.com) is the correct channel to reach us. The company does not maintain telephone or fax numbers; this is the 21st century.
Information about the current management of the company may be obtained on the About page. The company's current CEO is the managing director responsible for content.
Regulatory authority: US Federal Communications Commission, 45 L Street NE, Washington, DC 20554 USA.
IMI does not commit to, nor is it obliged to participate in, the alternative dispute resolution for consumer disputes in front of a consumer dispute resolution entity.
European Commission official website for Online Dispute Resolution:
‍
http://www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
‍
‍
No guarantees regarding content
All information contained on our internet pages has been validated by IMI or a third party. However, neither IMI nor third parties can be held responsible for information being current, accurate, or complete. This also applies to other websites which can be reached via hyperlinks on our pages. IMI accepts no responsibility for the content of these external websites.
No advice
The information provided on the internet pages does not represent individual advice and cannot replace this. If you need individual advice, please contact our support staff.
Use of this site
The content and design of our web pages are protected under copyright law. Duplication of the pages and their content in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use requires prior written consent from IMI if there are no other legal provisions specified for duplication on the page.
Copyright
All text, images, graphical animation, videos, music, sounds and other material on these pages are protected under copyright law by IMI or third parties if specified. It is forbidden to copy or modify this material for commercial use in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use.
Responsibility for this website
IMI is responsible for this website.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com