Tribel Privacy Policy
Updated at 2020-11-13
Tribel is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Tribel.
This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application, Tribel. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Definitions and key terms
What Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
When does Tribel use end user information from third parties and public Network?
Where and when is information collected from customers and end users?
Can I update or correct my information?
Sale of Business
Affiliates
Governing-Law
Your Consent
Links to Other Websites
Advertising
Cookies
Kid's Privacy
Third-Party Services
Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Individual Data Subject's Rights - Data Access, Portability and Deletion
Contact-Us
Definitions and key terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:
Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, and remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Tribel LLC. that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
Country: where Tribel or the owners/founders of Tribel are based, in this case is USA
Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the Tribel Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.
Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit Tribel and use the services.
IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by Tribel or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person
Service: refers to the service provided by Tribel as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
Website: Tribel."’s" site, which can be accessed via this URL: https://www.tribel.com/
You: a person or entity that is registered with Tribel to use the Services.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect data and information from you through our interactions with you and through our services for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our Service. You provide some of this data directly, such as when register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our services and communications and when you visit our site.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we get demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Third parties that deliver experiences through services provided by Tribel
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline and You can control how much of your information you wish to provide by changing your privacy settings.
Our service require some personal data to operate and provide you with the service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a feature, you cannot use that feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Tribel and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the service and features you use, your location, and applicable law.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data.
Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials.
Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data.
Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Interactions.
Data about your use of our service. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the service. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data.
Data about your device and the service and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our service perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Account history.
Data about the activities associated with your account.
Browse history.
Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data.
Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data.
Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data.
Data you provide when you contact Tribel for support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Tribel, data about the condition of your device, and the features you use related to your help inquiry.
Bot usage data.
Interactions with third party bots.
Interests and favorites.
Data about your interests and favorites, such as the personalities you follow, the languages you prefer, the posts you track. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect.
Content consumption data.
Information about media content you access through Tribel service.
Searches and commands.
Search queries and commands when you use Tribel service with search or related productivity functionality.
Text, inking, and typing data.
Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images.
Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use Tribel services.
Contacts and relationships.
Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a feature to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data.
Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data.
Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Content.
Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you post or transmit a file through Tribel, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Feedback and ratings.
Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and reviews you write.
We also collect information from mobile devices for a better user experience, although these features are completely optional:
Photo Gallery (Pictures & Videos): Granting photo gallery access allows the user to upload any picture or photo from their photo gallery, you can safely deny photo gallery access for this website/app.
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
Tribel uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our Services, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transmission you request.
Improve and develop our services and features.
Personalize our services and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance and meeting our legal obligations.
We also store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI), which we think of as a set of technologies that enable computers to perceive, learn, reason, and assist in decision-making to solve problems in ways that are similar to what people do. To build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including AI), we manually review some of the predictions and inferences produced by the automated methods against the underlying data from which the predictions and inferences were made.
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Tribel as described in this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products.
We use data to operate our Service and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you enter a search query in the search box, we use that query to display search results to you. We also communicate with you to secure our service, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Service improvement.
We use data to continually improve our service, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and usage data to determine what new features to prioritize.
Personalization.
Our service includes personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your enjoyment or productivity. These features use automated processes to tailor your service experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the service, activities, interests, and location. We also use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application and network for this same purpose
Introducing new features.
We use data to introduce new features. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ experience needs which can shape the development of new features.
Customer support.
We use data to provide customer support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our service and to investigate security incidents.
Updates.
We use data we collect to develop service updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as operating system version, to provide you an update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our service, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and ensure your device is ready to process such updates.
Advertising.
Tribel does not use what you say in email, chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our products, and on third-party web properties, for advertising in our products and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you.
Reporting and business operations.
We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property.
We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance.
We process data to comply with law. For example, we use the age of our customers to ensure we meet our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we may use data to conduct research, including for public interest and scientific purposes.
When does Tribel use end user information from third parties and public Network?
End users may voluntarily provide us with information they have made available on social media websites such as Name/Username, Email Addresses, County and State, Age, Gender and other relevant data that end user wish to share voluntarily. If you provide us with any such information, we may collect publicly available information from the social media websites you have indicated. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings.
When does Tribel use customer information from third parties?
We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming a Tribel customer, we receive information from a third party that provides automated fraud detection services to Tribel. We also occasionally collect information that is made publicly available on social media websites. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings.
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming a Tribel customer, we receive information from a third party that provides automated fraud detection services to Tribel. We also occasionally collect information that is made publicly available on social media websites. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings.
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We may share the information that we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties such as advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. We may also share it with our current and future affiliated companies and business partners, and if we are involved in a merger, asset sale or other business reorganization, we may also share or transfer your personal and non-personal information to our successors-in-interest.
We may engage trusted third party service providers to perform functions and provide services to us, such as hosting and maintaining our servers and the website/app, database storage and management, e-mail management, storage marketing, credit card processing, customer service and fulfilling orders for products and services you may purchase through the website/app. We will likely share your personal information, and possibly some non-personal information, with these third parties to enable them to perform these services for us and for you.
We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is shared, it may be used to estimate general location and other technographics such as connection speed, whether you have visited the website/app in a shared location, and type of the device used to visit the website/app. They may aggregate information about our advertising and what you see on the website/app and then provide auditing, research and reporting for us and our advertisers.
We may also disclose personal and non-personal information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in order to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect our rights and interests or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and regulations.
Where and when is information collected from customers and end users?
Tribel will collect personal information that you submit to us. We may also receive personal information about you from third parties as described above.
How Do We Use Your Email Address?
By submitting your email address on this website/app, you agree to receive emails from us. You can cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking on the opt-out link or other unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. We only send emails to people who have authorized us to contact them, either directly, or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails, because we hate spam as much as you do. By submitting your email address, you also agree to allow us to use your email address for customer audience targeting on sites like Facebook, where we display custom advertising to specific people who have opted-in to receive communications from us. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing page will be used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates pertaining to your order. If, however, you have provided the same email to us through another method, we may use it for any of the purposes stated in this Policy. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Tribel to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to Tribel or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Could my information be transferred to other countries?
Tribel is incorporated in USA. Information collected via our website, through direct interactions with you, or from use of our help services may be transferred from time to time to our offices or personnel, or to third parties, located throughout the world, and may be viewed and hosted anywhere in the world, including countries that may not have laws of general applicability regulating the use and transfer of such data. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, by using any of the above, you voluntarily consent to the trans-border transfer and hosting of such information.
Is the information collected through the Tribel Service secure?
We take precautions to protect the security of your information. We have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your information. However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes or fail to follow policies. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your personal information, you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty.
Can I update or correct my information?
The rights you have to request updates or corrections to the information Tribel collects depend on your relationship with Tribel. Personnel may update or correct their information as detailed in our internal company employment policies.
Customers have the right to request the restriction of certain uses and disclosures of personally identifiable information as follows. You can contact us in order to (1) update or correct your personally identifiable information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) delete the personally identifiable information maintained about you on our systems (subject to the following paragraph), by cancelling your account. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our system. The need to back up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. Promptly after receiving your request, all personal information stored in databases we actively use, and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as and to the extent reasonably and technically practicable.
If you are an end user and wish to update, delete, or receive any information we have about you, you may do so by contacting the organization of which you are a customer.
Personnel If you are a Tribel worker or applicant, we collect information you voluntarily provide to us. We use the information collected for Human Resources purposes in order to administer benefits to workers and screen applicants.
You may contact us in order to (1) update or correct your information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) receive a record of the information we have relating to you. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Tribel or any of its Corporate Affiliates (as defined herein), or that portion of Tribel or any of its Corporate Affiliates to which the Service relates, or in the event that we discontinue our business or file a petition or have filed against us a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Tribel, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Governing Law
We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Tribel, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The laws of USA, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the website/app. Your use of the website/app may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
By using Tribel or contacting us directly, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not engage with our website, or use our services. Continued use of the website, direct engagement with us, or following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy that do not significantly affect the use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you accept those changes.
Your Consent
We've updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our website/app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Tribel. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.
Advertising
This website/app may contain third party advertisements and links to third party sites. Tribel does not make any representation as to the accuracy or suitability of any of the information contained in those advertisements or sites and does not accept any responsibility or liability for the conduct or content of those advertisements and sites and the offerings made by the third parties.
Advertising keeps Tribel and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible.
Third party advertisements and links to other sites where goods or services are advertised are not endorsements or recommendations by Tribel of the third party sites, goods or services. Tribel takes no responsibility for the content of any of the ads, promises made, or the quality/reliability of the products or services offered in all advertisements.
Cookies for Advertising
These cookies collect information over time about your online activity on the website/app and other online services to make online advertisements more relevant and effective to you. This is known as interest-based advertising. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing and ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers. Without cookies, it’s really hard for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Cookies
Tribel uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our website/app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the website/app as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Blocking and disabling cookies and similar technologies
Wherever you're located you may also set your browser to block cookies and similar technologies, but this action may block our essential cookies and prevent our website from functioning properly, and you may not be able to fully utilize all of its features and services. You should also be aware that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences) if you block cookies on your browser. Different browsers make different controls available to you. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
Remarketing Services
We use remarketing services. What Is Remarketing? In digital marketing, remarketing (or retargeting) is the practice of serving ads across the internet to people who have already visited your website. It allows your company to seem like they're “following” people around the internet by serving ads on the websites and platforms they use most.
Kid's Privacy
We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If we become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to this or any updated Privacy Policy, you can delete your account.
Third-Party Services
We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services"). You acknowledge and agree that Tribel shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. Tribel does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.
Facebook Pixel
Facebook pixel is an analytics tool that allows you to measure the effectiveness of your advertising by understanding the actions people take on your website. You can use the pixel to: Make sure your ads are shown to the right people. Facebook pixel may collect information from your device when you use the service. Facebook pixel collects information that is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy
Tracking Technologies
-Google Maps API
Google Maps API is a robust tool that can be used to create a custom map, a searchable map, check-in functions, display live data synching with location, plan routes, or create a mashup just to name a few.
Google Maps API may collect information from You and from Your Device for security purposes.
Google Maps API collects information that is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
-Cookies
We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our website/app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the website/app as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously.
-Local Storage
Local Storage sometimes known as DOM storage, provides web apps with methods and protocols for storing client-side data. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and no information stored in the HTTP request header.
-Sessions
-Tribel uses "Sessions" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Session is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser.
Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We may be collecting and using information from you if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), and in this section of our Privacy Policy we are going to explain exactly how and why is this data collected, and how we maintain this data under protection from being replicated or used in the wrong way.
What is GDPR?
GDPR is an EU-wide privacy and data protection law that regulates how EU residents' data is protected by companies and enhances the control the EU residents have, over their personal data.
The GDPR is relevant to any globally operating company and not just the EU-based businesses and EU residents. Our customers’ data is important irrespective of where they are located, which is why we have implemented GDPR controls as our baseline standard for all our operations worldwide.
What is personal data?
Any data that relates to an identifiable or identified individual. GDPR covers a broad spectrum of information that could be used on its own, or in combination with other pieces of information, to identify a person. Personal data extends beyond a person’s name or email address. Some examples include financial information, political opinions, genetic data, biometric data, IP addresses, physical address, sexual orientation, and ethnicity.
The Data Protection Principles include requirements such as:
-Personal data collected must be processed in a fair, legal, and transparent way and should only be used in a way that a person would reasonably expect.
-Personal data should only be collected to fulfil a specific purpose and it should only be used for that purpose. Organizations must specify why they need the personal data when they collect it. -Personal data should be held no longer than necessary to fulfil its purpose.
-People covered by the GDPR have the right to access their own personal data. They can also request a copy of their data, and that their data be updated, deleted, restricted, or moved to another organization.
Why is GDPR important?
GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals' personal data that they collect and process. It also raises the stakes for compliance by increasing enforcement and imposing greater fines for breach. Beyond these facts it's simply the right thing to do. At Help Scout we strongly believe that your data privacy is very important and we already have solid security and privacy practices in place that go beyond the requirements of this new regulation.
Individual Data Subject's Rights - Data Access, Portability and Deletion
We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements of GDPR. Tribel processes or stores all personal data in fully vetted, DPA compliant vendors. We do not store any personal data after account is deleted. We are aware that if you are working with EU customers, you need to be able to provide them with the ability to access, update, retrieve and remove personal data. We got you! You can update or delete some personal data from your profile and to delete the rest of the data which is necessary to pursue our service, you will be needing to delete your account from Tribel. Our customer support team is here for you to answer any questions you might have about working with the API.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to disclose categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.
We are also required to communicate information about rights California residents have under California law. You may exercise the following rights:
-Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
-Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
-Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you that we have collected.
-Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
-If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us. We do not sell the Personal Information of our users. For more information about these rights, please contact us.
Contact Us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
-Via Email: support@tribel.com  -Via this Link: https://www.tribel.com/contact
PLEASE PRINT AND RETAIN A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR YOUR RECORDS.
Welcome to Tribel! We're here to assist you...
Welcome to Tribel! We're here to assist you...
Welcome to Tribel! We're here to assist you every step of the way. Please feel free to share your feedback, suggestions, or any technical issues you may encounter. Your input is invaluable to us in enhancing your Tribel experience.