Terms & Conditions
Shipping Policy
Cancellation and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
UPDATED: 26TH JULY 2023
Terms & Conditions
1. Use of Platform
Welcome to www.nykaa.com (
"Site" or "Nykaa "
). The website www.nykaa.com is owned and operated by Nykaa E-Retail Private
                                Limited ("
NYKAA
"), and the retail stores i.e. Nykaa Luxe and Nykaa On Trend is operated under
                                FSN Brands Marketing Private Limited ("FSN B") a company incorporated under the
                                provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office at 104, Vasan Udyog
                                Bhavan, Sun Mill Compound, S.B.Marg, Tulsi Pipe Road, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013 India.
                                Nykaa and FSN B are together referred to as NYKAA and the Site and retail stores are
                                together referred as Platform. You may be accessing our Site from a computer or mobile
                                phone device (through an iOS or Android application, for example) and these Terms of Use
                                govern your use of our Site and your conduct, regardless of the means of access. You may
                                also be using our interactive services ("
Interactive Services
"), such as our Beauty Suggestions, Beauty Book etc. and the Beauty Services
                                wherein you can book any beauty service provided by our beauty partners ("
Beauty Services
") and these Terms of Use also govern your use of the Interactive and Beauty
                                Services. These Terms of Use govern all the products offered on the Platform including
                                the Interactive and Beauty Services.
The Platform is only to be used for your personal non-commercial use and
                                information. Your use of the services and features of the Platform shall be governed by
                                these Terms and Conditions (hereinafter "
Terms of Use
") along with the Privacy Policy, Shipping Policy and Cancellation, Refund and
                                Return Policy (together "
Policies
") as modified and amended from time to time.
By mere accessing or using the Platform, you are acknowledging, without limitation or
                                qualification, to be bound by these Terms of Use and the Polices, whether you have read
                                the same or not.
ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE PLATFORM INDICATES YOUR UNCONDITIONAL
                                    AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, SO PLEASE READ THIS
                                    AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING
. If you do not agree to any of the terms enumerated in the Terms of Use or
                                the Policies, please do not use the Platform. You are responsible to ensure that your
                                access to this Platform and material available on or through it are legal in each
                                jurisdiction, in or through which you access or view the platform or such material.
NYKAA reserves the unilateral right to change the particulars contained in the Terms of
                                Use or the Policies from time to time and at any time, without notice to its users and
                                in its sole discretion. If NYKAA decides to change the Terms of Use or Policies, NYKAA
                                will post the new version of the Terms of Use or the Policies on the Site and update the
                                date specified above. Any change or modification to the Terms of Use and the Policies
                                will be effective immediately from the date of such upload of the Terms of Use and
                                Policies on the Site. Your continued use of the Platform following the modifications to
                                the Terms of Use and Policies constitutes your acceptance of the modified Terms of Use
                                and Policies whether or not you have read them. For this reason, you should frequently
                                review these Terms of Use, our Guidelines and Rules and any other applicable policies,
                                including their dates, to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of
                                the Site.
2. Privacy Practices
We understand the importance of safeguarding your personal information and we have
                                formulated a Privacy Policy, to ensure that your personal information is sufficiently
                                protected. Apart from these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy shall also govern your
                                visit and use of the Site. Your continued use of the Site implies that you have read and
                                accepted the Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. You
                                consent to the use of personal information by NYKAA in accordance with the terms of and
                                purposes set forth in the Privacy Policy, the same may be subject to amendment from time
                                to time at the sole discretion of NYKAA.
3. Your Account
This Site is directed to be used by adults only. We assume that any minor, if at all,
                                accessing our Site is under the supervision of their guardians. NYKAA or its associates
                                do not knowingly collect information from minors. You will be responsible for
                                maintaining confidentiality of your account, password, and restricting access to your
                                computer, and you hereby accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
                                account and password. You acknowledge that the information you provide, in any manner
                                whatsoever, are not confidential or proprietary and does not infringe any rights of a
                                third party in whatsoever nature
If you are accessing, browsing and using the Site on someone else’s behalf; you represent
                                that you have the authority to bind that person to all the terms and conditions herein.
                                In the event that the person refuses to be bound as the principal to the Terms of Use,
                                you agree to accept liability for any harm caused by any wrongful use of the Site
                                resulting from such access or use of the Site in whatsoever nature
If you know or have reasons to believe that the security of your account has been
                                breached, you should contact us immediately at the 'Contact Information' provided below.
                                If we have found a breach or suspected breach of the security of your account, we may
                                require you to change your password, temporarily or permanently block or suspend your
                                account without any liability to NYKAA.
We reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate accounts without prior notice if
                                these Terms of Use are violated or if we decide, in our sole discretion, that it would
                                be in Nykaa’s and NYKAA’s best interests to do so. You are solely responsible for all
                                contents that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via the Site.The information
                                provided to us shall be maintained by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
4. Product & Services Information
NYKAA attempts to be as accurate as possible in the description of the product on the
                                Platform. However, NYKAA does not warrant that the product description, colour,
                                information or other content of the Platform is accurate, complete, reliable, current or
                                error-free. The Site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be
                                complete or current. The product pictures are indicative and may not match the actual
                                product.
NYKAA reserves the right to correct, change or update information, errors, inaccuracies
                                or omissions at any time (including after an order has been submitted ) without prior
                                notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may also relate to
                                pricing and availability of the product or services.
5. Product Use & Services
The products and services available on the Platform, and the samples, if any, that
                                Platform may provide you, are for your personal and/or professional use only. The
                                products or services, or samples thereof, which you may receive from us, shall not be
                                sold or resold for any/commercial reasons.
In case any products or beauty services purchased / received / availed causes side
                                effects or doesn’t suit you, please note that NYKAA is in no manner responsible for any
                                manufactural side-effects or service provider and manufacturer or service provider of
                                the product or service shall be solely responsible for such side effects and consumer
                                complaints. You should carefully read the individual terms and conditions in relation to
                                the products and beauty services and consult a specialist before the use of the same.
6. Recommendation of the Product & Services
Any recommendation made to you in the Site during the course of your use of the Site is
                                purely for informational purposes and for your convenience and does not amount to
                                endorsement of the product or services by NYKAA or any of its associates in any manner.
7. Pricing Information
NYKAA strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, however errors may
                                occur.
NYKAA cannot confirm the price of the product until you make the order. Without limiting
                                the generality of Clause 8 (Cancellations, Refunds and Returns) below, if a product /
                                service is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to any
                                technical error, NYKAA shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel
                                any orders placed for that product/ service, unless the product has already been
                                delivered or the service has already been availed by you. In the event that an item is
                                wrongly priced, NYKAA may, at its discretion, either contact you for instructions or
                                cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless the product ordered by you
                                has been delivered and the services are availed, your offer will not be deemed accepted
                                and NYKAA will have the right to modify the price of the product/ service and contact
                                you for further instructions using the e-mail address provided by you during the time of
                                registration or placing of order, or cancel the order and notify you of such
                                cancellation. In the event that NYKAA accepts your order the same shall be debited to
                                your credit card/ debit card account and duly notified to you by email that the payment
                                has been processed. The payment may be processed prior to NYKAA’s dispatch of the
                                product that you have ordered. If we have to cancel the order after we have processed
                                the payment, the said amount will be reversed to your credit / debit card account.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED OR OFFERRED ON THE
                                    SITE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE AND AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF NYKAA.
NYKAA may revise and cease to make available any product/ services at anytime.
                                In the event, NYKAA is unable to deliver the product to you on time or at all, you will
                                be notified by an e-mail and your order will be automatically cancelled due to
                                unavailability of the product or at your instructions due to failure to deliver the
                                product on the expected time of delivery by our delivery partners. NYKAA shall not be
                                liable to pay for any damages in such an event owing to cancellation of the order or
                                delay in delivery.
8. Cancellations, Refunds and Returns
Please refer to our
Cancellation, Refunds and Returns Policy
provided on our Site.
9. Mode of Payment
Payments for the products available on the Site may be made in the following ways:
Payments can be made by Credit Cards, Debit Cards, Net Banking, Wallets, e-Gift
                                    cards, and reward points.
Credit card, Debit Card and Net Banking payment options are instant payment options
                                    and recommended to ensure faster processing of your order.
Cash On Delivery option is not available for orders outside India.
10. Shipping and Delivery
Please refer to our
Shipping and Delivery Policy
provided on our Site, as amended from time to time.
11. Pollution Control Compliance
Nykaa is working towards being compliant with the guidelines laid down by Central
                                Pollution Control Board (CPCB). Click here to Read
Read more >
12. Chat Functionality
The Chat Functionality has been provided to help you with any and all Site related
                                queries. Any use of this service shall be subject to the following conditions:
NYKAA may suspend the chat service at any time without notice.
NYKAA or its executives are not responsible for any delay caused in attending to or
                                    replying to the queries via chat.
Communication through chat may be stored by NYKAA for future reference, and the user
                                    of such service will not have the right to access such information at any future
                                    date.
While 'chatting' you may not communicate any objectionable information i.e.
                                    unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene information.
The chat room shall not be used to sell any products, to give suggestion on business
                                    opportunity or any other form of solicitation.
You may proceed further and chat with our online customer care executive only if you
                                    agree to the above terms and conditions.
13. User Content
The information, photo, image, chat communication, text, software, data, music, sound,
                                graphics, messages, videos or other materials transmitted, uploaded, posted, emailed or
                                otherwise made available to us ("
User Content
"), are entirely your responsibility and we will not be held responsible, in
                                any manner whatsoever, in connection to the User Content. You agree to not encourage or
                                assist or engage others as well as yourself in transmitting, hosting, displaying,
                                uploading, modifying, publishing transmitting, updating or sharing any information that
belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to;
is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
                                    paedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
                                    ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or
                                    gambling, trolling, propoganda or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;
harm minors in any way;
infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
violates any law for the time being in force;
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates
                                    any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
impersonate another person;
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to
                                    interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly
                                    relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the
                                    commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is
                                    insulting any other nation.
NYKAA shall in no way be held responsible for examining or evaluating User Content, nor
                                does it assume any responsibility or liability for the User Content. NYKAA does not
                                endorse or control the User Content transmitted or posted on the Site by you and
                                therefore, accuracy, integrity or quality of User Content is not guaranteed by NYKAA.
                                You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to User Content that is
                                offensive, indecent or objectionable to you. Under no circumstances will NYKAA be liable
                                in any way for any User Content, including without limitation, for any errors or
                                omissions in any User Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred by you as
                                a result of the use of any User Content transmitted, uploaded, posted, e-mailed or
                                otherwise made available via the Site. You hereby waive all rights to any claims against
                                NYKAA for any alleged or actual infringements of any proprietary rights, rights of
                                privacy and publicity, moral rights, and rights of attribution in connection with User
                                Content.
You hereby acknowledge that NYKAA has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole
                                discretion to refuse to post or remove any User Content and further reserves the right
                                to change, condense, or delete any User Content. Without limiting the generality of the
                                foregoing or any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, NYKAA has the right to
                                remove any User Content that violates these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise
                                objectionable and further reserves the right to refuse service and/or terminate accounts
                                without prior notice for any users who violate these Terms and Conditions or infringe
                                the rights of others.
If you wish to delete your User Content on our Site or in connection with our mobile
                                applications, please contact us by email at
support@nykaa.com
and request you to include the following personal information in your deletion
                                request: first name, last name, user name/screen name (if applicable), email address
                                associated with our Site and/or mobile applications, your reason for deleting the
                                posting, and date(s) of posting(s) you wish to delete (if you have it). We may not be
                                able to process your deletion request if you are unable to provide such information to
                                us. Please allow up to 30 business days to process your deletion request.
14. Intellectual Property Rights
The
"Nykaa", "Nykaa Luxe" and "Nykaa On Trend"
name and logo and all related product and service names, design marks and
                                slogans are the trademarks, logos or service marks (hereinafter referred to as
"Marks"
) of NYKAA. All other Marks provided on the Site are the property of their
                                respective companies. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with
                                the materials contained on this Site. Access to this Site does not authorize anyone to
                                use any Marks in any manner. Marks displayed on this Site, whether registered or
                                unregistered, of NYKAA or others, are the intellectual property of their respective
                                owners, and NYKAA shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever for any unlawful,
                                unauthorized use of the Marks.
NYKAA and its suppliers and licensors expressly and exclusively reserve all the
                                intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology,
                                content, software and other materials, which appear on this Site, including its looks
                                and feel. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly ) of the
                                content on the Site is the exclusive property of NYKAA and are protected by the Indian
                                copyright laws and International treaties. Consequently, the materials on this Site
                                shall not be copied, reproduced, duplicated, republished, downloaded, posted,
                                transmitted, distributed or modified in whole or in part or in any other form
                                whatsoever, except for your personal, non-commercial use only. No right, title or
                                interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of
                                any such downloading or copying, reproducing, duplicating, republishing, posting,
                                transmitting, distributing or modifying.
All materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs,
                                programs, music clips, downloads, video clips and written and other materials that are
                                part of this Site (collectively, the
"Contents "
) are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or
                                copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your
                                personal use only. We also grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, and
                                non-exclusive license to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Site for personal,
                                non-commercial use only. The Contents and software on this Site are to be used only as a
                                shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification,
                                distribution, transmission, re-publication, display, or performance, of the Contents on
                                this Site is strictly prohibited. Unless NYKAA explicitly provides to the contrary, all
                                Contents are copyrighted, trademarked, trade dressed and/or other intellectual property
                                owned, controlled or licensed by NYKAA, any of its affiliates or by third parties who
                                have licensed their materials to NYKAA and are protected by Indian copyright laws and
                                international treaties.
15. Limited License
NYKAA grants you limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to
                                access, and make personal and non commercial use of the Site. All rights not expressly
                                granted to you in these Terms of Use, are reserved and retained by the Site and its
                                affiliates.
NYKAA reserves the right, at any time, without notice, and at its sole discretion, to
                                terminate your license to use the Site and to block and prevent your future access the
                                Site.
16. Representations and Warranties
This Site is provided to you "AS IS". We make no representations regarding the use of or
                                the result of the use/depiction of the Contents on the Site in terms of their
                                correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. NYKAA shall not be liable for any loss
                                suffered in any manner by the user as a result of depending directly or indirectly on
                                the depiction of the Content on this Site.
You acknowledge that this Site is provided only on the basis set out in the Terms of Use.
                                Your uninterrupted access or use of this Site on this basis may be prevented by certain
                                factors outside our reasonable control including, without limitation, the
                                unavailability, inoperability or interruption of the internet or other
                                telecommunications services or as a result of any maintenance or other service work
                                carried out on this Site.
NYKAA shall have the right, at any time, to change or discontinue any aspect or feature
                                of the Site, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability and equipment
                                needed for access or use. Further, the Site may discontinue disseminating any portion of
                                information or category of information. NYKAA does not accept any responsibility and
                                will not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever arising out of or in connection
                                with any ability/inability to access or to use the Site.
NYKAA through the Site intends to provide its users with general information about beauty
                                and healthcare topics and products. The Site encourages its users to interact with NYKAA
                                and its employees by asking questions that enables the user to obtain information of a
                                general nature pertaining to beauty and healthcare topics. The postings on the Site or
                                on social networking sites, including the Site’s Facebook page, or any information
                                provided over chat or e-mails exchanged with NYKAA, its employees or representatives
                                (collectively referred to as "
Information
") which are in furtherance of any communication made by the user with NYKAA,
                                its employees or representatives is based on the background provided by the user. The
                                Information is not intended to constitute personal medical suggestion or be used for any
                                medical diagnosis or treatment. While NYKAA takes reasonable care to ensure that the
                                Information is accurate, NYKAA makes no representation and takes no responsibility for
                                the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness or usefulness of the Information. For any
                                specific medical conditions or issues, users are advised to seek opinion from a
                                certified medical practitioner. In the event any user relies on the Information provided
                                by NYKAA or its representatives/ employees, he/she may do so at its own risk. Under no
                                circumstances will NYKAA, its employees, representative or affiliates be liable for the
                                Information or the consequences of relying on such Information.
In keeping with NYKAA's objective of providing \its users with general information about
                                beauty and healthcare topics and products, NYKAA engages experts having knowledge of in
                                their respective fields ("
Experts
") to respond to queries posted by users. Any information provided by the
                                Experts, either over the Site, through e-mails, chat rooms or on social networking
                                sites, including the Site's facebook page (collectively referred to as "
Expert's Opinion
") is based on the Expert’s personal opinion. The Expert's Opinion is not
                                intended to constitute personal medical suggestion or be used for any medical diagnosis
                                or treatment. NYKAA makes no representation and takes no responsibility for the
                                accuracy, completeness, appropriateness or usefulness of the Expert's Opinion. In case
                                any user relies on such Expert's Opinion, he/she may do so at its own risk. Under no
                                circumstances will the NYKAA, Company, its employees, representative or affiliates be
                                liable for such Expert's Opinion or for the consequences of relying on such Expert's
                                Opinion.
For any general information posted on the Site, users must not infer or assume that such
                                information necessarily applies to them.
17. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitations of Liability
THE SITE IS PRESENTED "AS IS." NEITHER WE NOR OUR HOLDING, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES,
                                PARTNERS, OR LICENSORS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER,
                                EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE SITE OR ANY OF
                                THE CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
                                NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH
                                REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE.
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER WE NOR OUR
                                HOLDING, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, OR LICENSORS WILL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE
                                (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE) UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES
                                FOR ANY (a) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; (b) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO THE
                                SITE; (c) DATA NON-DELIVERY, LOSS, THEFT, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER
                                MODIFICATION; (d) LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS A RESULT OF DEALINGS WITH OR
                                THE PRESENCE OF OFF-WEBSITE LINKS ON THE SITE; (e) VIRUSES, SYSTEM FAILURES OR
                                MALFUNCTIONS WHICH MAY OCCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING DURING
                                HYPERLINK TO OR FROM THIRD PARTY WEBSITES; (f) ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT;
                                OR (g) EVENTS BEYOND THE REASONABLE CONTROL OF NYKAA. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
                                WARRANTIES THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
FURTHER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER WE NOR OUR SUBSIDIARIES,
                                AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE,
                                INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) RELATED TO THE
                                SITE OR YOUR USE THEREOF REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT
                                (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
                                SUCH DAMAGES AND IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED.
YOU AGREE THAT NO CLAIMS OR ACTION ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO, THE USE OF THE SITE OR
                                THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY BE BROUGHT BY YOU MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE
                                OF ACTION RELATING TO SUCH CLAIM OR ACTION AROSE. IF YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH US OR ARE
                                DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, TERMINATION OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS YOUR SOLE REMEDY. WE
                                HAVE NO OTHER OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, OR RESPONSIBILITY TO YOU.
This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of this Terms of Use.
18. Links and Third Party Sites
References on the Site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or
                                hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience
                                to you. This does not in any way constitute or imply NYKAA endorsement, sponsorship or
                                recommendation of the third party, information, product or service or any association
                                and relationship between NYKAA and those third parties.
NYKAA is not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not make any
                                representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. If you
                                decide to link to any such third party websites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
                                NYKAA do not assume any responsibility for examining or evaluating the offerings of the
                                off-websites pages or any other websites linked from the Site. We shall not be
                                responsible for the actions, content, products, or services of such pages and websites,
                                including, without limitation, their privacy policies and terms and conditions. You
                                should carefully review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of all off-website
                                pages and other websites that you visit via the Site.
19. Termination
These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or NYKAA.
You may terminate the Terms of Use at any time, provided that you discontinue any further
                                use of this Site. NYKAA may terminate the Terms of Use at any time and may do so without
                                notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, such termination will be without
                                any liability to the Site.
Upon any termination of the Terms of Use by either you or NYKAA, you must promptly
                                destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all
                                copies of such materials, whether made under the Terms of Use or otherwise. Any such
                                termination of the Terms of Use shall not cancel your obligation to pay for the product
                                already ordered from the Site or affect any liability that may have arisen under the
                                Terms of Use.
20. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NYKAA, its employees, directors,
                                officers, agents and their successors and assigns, its holding, subsidiaries,
                                affiliates, partners, or licensors from and against any and all claims, liabilities,
                                damages, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, caused by or arising out
                                of claims based upon your actions or inactions, which may result in any loss or
                                liability to NYKAA or any third party including but not limited to breach of any
                                warranties, representations or undertakings or in relation to the non-fulfillment of any
                                of your obligations under the Terms of Use, or arising out of the your violation of any
                                applicable laws, regulations including but not limited to Intellectual Property Rights,
                                payment of statutory dues and taxes, claim of libel, defamation, violation of rights of
                                privacy or publicity, loss of service by other subscribers and infringement of
                                intellectual property or other rights. This clause shall survive the expiry or
                                termination of the Terms of Use.
21. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The Terms of Use and the Policies shall be construed in accordance with the applicable
                                laws of India. For proceedings arising therein the Courts at Mumbai shall have exclusive
                                jurisdiction.
Any dispute or difference either in interpretation or otherwise, of the Terms of Use and
                                other Policies on the Site, between the parties hereto, shall be referred to an
                                independent arbitrator who will be appointed by mutually and his decision shall be final
                                and binding on the parties hereto. The above arbitration shall be in accordance with the
                                Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended from time to time. The seat and venue
                                of arbitration shall be held in Mumbai.
Without any prejudice to particulars listed in Clause 13 above, NYKAA shall have the
                                right to seek and obtain any injunctive, provisional or interim relief from any court of
                                competent jurisdiction to protect its trade-mark or other intellectual property rights
                                or confidential information or to preserve the status quo pending arbitration.
For disputes relating to orders outside India, International arbitration rules of Indian
                                Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 shall apply. The seat and venue of international
                                arbitration shall be Mumbai.
22. Site Security
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site,
                                including, without limitation,
accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you
                                    are not authorized to access;
attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to
                                    breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
attempting to interfere with service to any other user, host or network, including,
                                    without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading,
                                    "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing" or "crashing;"
sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or
                                    services; or
forging any header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup
                                    posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal
                                    liability
NYKAA is entitled to investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may
                                involve, and co-operate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are
                                involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to
                                interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity
                                being conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any
                                engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation
                                browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this
                                Site other than the search engine and search agents available from NYKAA on this Site
                                and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator,
                                Microsoft Explorer).
23. Entire Agreement
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant
                                to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability
                                limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed
                                to be superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent
                                of the original provision and the remainder of the Terms of Use shall continue to be in
                                effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, these Terms of Use constitutes the entire
                                agreement between you and NYKAA with respect to the Site/services and it supersedes all
                                prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or
                                written.
NYKAA's failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive its right
                                to act with respect to the breach or subsequent and similar breaches.
24. General
You acknowledge and hereby agree to these Terms and Conditions and that it constitute the
                                complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of the Site, and
                                supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change/ alter/ modify these Terms and
                                Conditions at any time by posting the changes on the Site. Any changes are effective
                                immediately upon posting to the Site. Your continued use of the Site thereafter
                                constitutes your agreement to all such changed Terms and Conditions. We may, with or
                                without prior notice, terminate any of the rights granted by these Terms and Conditions.
                                You shall comply immediately with any termination or other notice, including, as
                                applicable, by ceasing all use of the Site.
Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as creating any
                                agency, partnership, affiliation, joint venture or other form of joint enterprise
                                between us. Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not
                                affect our full right to require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall our
                                waiver of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the
                                provision itself. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be
                                unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by any applicable
                                arbitral award or court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render
                                these Terms and Conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole but these Terms and
                                Conditions shall be modified, to the extent possible, by the adjudicating entity to most
                                fully reflect the original intent of the parties as reflected in the original provision.
                                The headings in the Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and shall not be used
                                in its interpretation.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions, please email us at
support@nykaa.com
25. Contact Information:
Customer Service Desk
E-mail id:
support@nykaa.com
E-mail id (for international customers):
internationalsupport@nykaa.com
Phone: 1800-267-4444
Contact Days: Monday to Saturday (8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.)
Sunday (10.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.)
UPDATED: 26TH JULY 2023
Shipping Policy
How does the delivery process work?
Once our system processes your order, your products are inspected thoroughly to
                                    ensure they are in a perfect
                                    condition.
After they pass through the final round of quality check, they are packed and handed
                                    over to our trusted
                                    delivery partner.
Our delivery partners then bring the package to you at the earliest possiblity. In
                                    case, they are unable to
                                    reach your provided address or at a suitable time, they will contact you to resolve
                                    the issue.
International Shipping – International clients do not pay import duties levied by
                                    their government to Nykaa.
                                    Clients will have to pay the customs duty to the courier provider in order to
                                    receive the product.
How are items packaged?
We package our products in boxes, which are covered in a plastic layer. Each individual
                                product is packaged in
                                bubble wrap while fragile items like bottles are safely secured with additional bubble
                                wrap.
We pride ourselves on the quality of our packaging.
What is the range of locations to which Nykaa ships their
                            products?
Nykaa ships throughout India! Nykaa now ships to Nepal; login soon to our website as we
                                add more countries to our
                                shipping locations.
My order has been shipped. Now how can I track it?
After placing your order, you will receive a confirmation message on your registered email
                            and phone number. As
                            we prepare and ship your order within 24 hours of the confirmation, you can then check the
                            status of your package
                            through the 'Track' button on the 'My Orders' section. You can also choose to receive your
                            order updates on WhatsApp.
What is the estimated delivery time?
We usually dispatch most orders within 1-4 business days (excluding Sundays and public
                                holidays)
Though, we keep 95% of our catalogue in our inventory, certain products need to be
                                    sourced directly from the
                                    brand itself so that we can live up to our promise of providing fresh, non-expired
                                    products.
While we are trying our best to avoid this situation, these products might delay
                                    your order. However, in
                                    case of international orders, product delivery may get delayed due to reasons
                                    attributable to logistics,
                                    public holidays, etc.
If you are ordering our products from a Mega Sale event, dispatches may be a bit
                                    delayed due to increased
                                    volumes. We will target to dispatch all orders within 5 days of order date.
My order will be shipped in multiple shipments? What does
                            this mean?
Don’t worry! This is a completely normal situation. This just means that different parts
                                of your order may have
                                simply been shipped from our different warehouse locations.
                                Rest assured, you will only have to pay the shipping/CoD charge if applicable, on the
                                first package you receive.
International orders, in most instances, will be shipped in their entirety as one
                                shipment.
Are there any shipping charges applicable on my order?
We have standard shipping charges for most addresses.
India shipping charges - A flat Rs.70 charge is applied to all orders below Rs.499,
                                    while there is free shipping for all orders above Rs.499.
International shipping charges-A flat rate of all Rs.500 will be charged for all
                                    orders below Rs.5000,
                                    while there is free shipping for all orders above Rs.5000.
We are currently not accepting Cash On Delivery orders below Rs.499 or above
                                    Rs.50,000.
Does Nykaa ship outside India?
At present Nykaa ships only to Nepal. However, we are working on starting international
                                delivery to many other
                                countries, so stay tuned!
UPDATED: 26TH JULY 2023
Cancellation and Return Policy
Cancellation before shipment (Only valid on orders placed &
                            delivery in India):
If the order of the item(s) that you want to cancel has not been shipped yet, you can
                                raise your cancellation request via the following routes :
Via 'My Orders' section
Go to your account > Click on 'Orders' > Go to the order you want to cancel and
                                    select 'Order Details' > Click on 'Cancel Item' > Select the item(s) in your order
                                    that you would like to cancel and provide the reason for cancellation and 'Confirm'
                                    > Once submitted, your item(s) will be cancelled and your refund will be processed.
Via the Help Center
Click on 'Have a Concern' > 'Write To Us' > 'Submit a Request' > Provide us with
                                    your order ID details and your request to cancel your order. > Our service
                                    representative will review your query and revert in 24 hours.
Via Email or Call
Send an email to our customer support team at support@nykaa.com to cancel your order
                                    along with your order ID details.
                                    Or call us on 1800-267-4444 (Monday To Saturday, 8AM to 10PM and Sunday 8AM to 7PM).
How will I get refunded for the cancelled orders and how
                            long will this process take?
In case of cancellation before shipment, we process the refund within 24-48 business
                                hours after receiving the cancellation request.
In case of cancellation once the shipment has already been dispatched or if it is being
                                returned, we process the refund once the products have been received and verified at our
                                warehouse.
For payments done through
credit/debit cards or net banking
, the
                                    refund will be processed to the same account from which the payment was made within
                                    24-48 business hours of us receiving the products back. It may take 2-3 additional
                                    business days for the amount to reflect in your account.
For
cash on delivery transactions
, we will initiate a bank
                                    transfer against the refund amount against the billing details shared by you. This
                                    process will be completed within 24-48 business hours of us receiving the products
                                    back and your bank details on email. It will take an additional 2-3 business days
                                    for the amount to reflect in your account.
In addition, we also provide a hassle-free option to refund your amount directly to
                                    your
Nykaa Wallet
, which can be used during future purchases.
What if I used discount vouchers or loyalty points during
                            time of payment and I have to cancel my order?
Discount vouchers are intended for one-time use only and shall be treated as used even if
                                you cancel the order.
If you had redeemed loyalty points for an order, the same will be credited back to your
                                account in the case of a
                                cancellation.
Returns, Replacements and Refunds
How do I return an item purchased on Nykaa?
Indian Orders:
Nykaa offers its customers an ’Easy return policy’, wherein you can raise a
                                return/exchange request of a product within 15 days of its delivery. We also accept
                                partial returns wherein you can raise a return request for one or all products in your
                                order.
Step 1: Follow one of the following steps:
Via My Orders section
Click on 'Orders'. Go to Order and select 'Have a Concern'. Proceed with
                                            reason for return.
Via Help Center
Click on 'Have a Concern'>Click on 'Submit a Request' > Provide us with your
                                            order ID details and your request to return/replace/refund your order.
                                            Kindly share an image of the product and the invoice for our reference
Via Email
Share an email to our Customer support team at
support@nykaa.com
within 15 business
                                            days of receiving the order.
Step 2: Once your request is received, we will be responsible to pick the item from
                                    you. We will initiate the refund or replacement process only if the products are
                                    received by us in their original packaging with their seals, labels and bar-codes
                                    intact.
Note: If it is a case of replacement, it is subject to the availability of stock. In
                                cases when a replacement may not be available, we will refund you the full amount.
International Orders:
Products can only be eligible for returns if the products received by the customer are
                                deemed to have been
                                received in a damaged / defective state or are expired or an incorrect product has been
                                delivered. Such products
                                can only be returned in their original packaging, in an unused and sealed condition.
                                [Opened or used products
                                will not be accepted as returns.]
If a return is accepted, Nykaa will replace or refund the invoiced rupee value for, the
                                damaged / defective /
                                expired / wrong product. In either case, the additional customs amount paid by the
                                customer to receive the
                                product will be reimbursed to the customer in the form of a refund coupon, that can be
                                applied to the customer’s
                                next order with Nykaa, subject to the customer providing a copy of the customs receipt.
Note: If it is a case of replacement, it is subject to the availability of stock. In
                                cases when a replacement
                                may not be available, we will refund you the full amount. Kindly refer to the next
                                question for exclusions to
                                refunds.
Which are the items that cannot be returned/exchanged?
Returns will not be accepted under the following conditions:
Product is damaged due to misuse/overuse
Returned without original packaging including, price tags, labels, original packing,
                                    freebies and other
                                    accessories or if original packaging is damaged
Serial Number is tampered with.
Defective products that are not covered under Seller/Manufacturer’s warranty
Product is used or altered
If request is initiated after 15 business days of order delivery
Free product provided by brand
Categories not eligible for Return:
Customized Products (eg: lipsticks, compacts, mascaras, etc) cannot be returned
                                    since they are available
                                    during select promotions and ordered on demand
Personal care appliances cannot be returned due to hygiene issues
Please note: For certain marketing campaigns or mega sale periods, special
                                return/exchange/refund rules may
                                apply. Information regarding this is visible on the promotion banner. For any
                                clarification, please feel free to
                                contact our customer care.
I have received a damaged or defective item/wrong product in
                            my order, how should I proceed?
Our shipments go through rigorous quality check processes before they leave our
                                warehouse. However in the rare case that your product is damaged during shipment or
                                transit, you can request for a replacement or cancellation and refund.
If you have received an item in a damaged/defective condition or have been sent a wrong
                                product, you can follow a few simple steps to initiate your return/refund within 15 days
                                of receiving the order:
Step 1: Follow one of the following steps:
Via My Orders section
Click on 'Orders'. Go to Order and select 'Have a Concern'. Proceed with
                                            reason for return.
Via Help Center
Click on 'Have a Concern'>Click on 'Submit a Request' > Provide us with your
                                            order ID details and your request to return/replace/refund your order.
                                            Kindly share an image of the product and the invoice for our reference
Via Email
Share an email to our Customer support team at
support@nykaa.com
within 15 business
                                            days of receiving the order.
Step 2: Once your request is received, we will be responsible to pick the item from
                                    you. We will initiate the refund or replacement process only if the products are
                                    received by us in their original packaging with their seals, labels and bar-codes
                                    intact.
Note: If it is a case of replacement, it is subject to the availability of stock. In
                                cases when a replacement may not be available, we will refund you the full amount.
Do I have to return the free gift when I return a product?
Yes. The free gift is included as a part of the item order and needs to be returned
                                along with the originally
                                delivered product.
Can I return part of my order?
Yes. A return can be created at item level and if you have ordered multiple items, you
                                can initiate a
                                return/replacement/refund for any individual item. However, any product being returned
                                needs to be returned in
                                full including all components as well as any complimentary gifts or products which came
                                along with it.
How will I get refunded for the returned orders and how long
                            will this process take?
In case of a return/replacement/refund, we process the refund once the products have
                                been received and verified
                                at our warehouse.
For
payments done through credit/debit cards or net banking
,the refund will be processed to
                                    the same account from which the payment was made within 24-48 business hours of us
                                    receiving the products
                                    back. It may take 2-3 additional business days for the amount to reflect in your
                                    account.
For
cash on delivery transactions
,we will initiate a bank transfer against the refund
                                    amount against the billing details shared by you. This process will be completed
                                    within 24-48 business hours
                                    of us receiving the products back and your bank details on email. It will take an
                                    additional 2-3 business
                                    days for the amount to reflect in your account.
In addition, we also provide the hassle-free option of refund through Nykaa coupons,
                                    which can be used
                                    during future purchases.
UPDATED: 26TH JULY 2023
Privacy Policy
This
Privacy Policy
outlines
Nykaa E-Retail Private Limited
’s approach to Data Protection and Privacy to fulfil its obligations
                                under the
applicable laws and regulations
. This Privacy Policy applies to your Personal Information which is processed
                                by us, whether in physical or electronic mode.
While you may be able to browse the platform (Website and App collectively referred to as
                                “Platform”) from countries outside of India, however please note we do not
                                offer any product/service under this Platform outside India.  By visiting the
                                platform or providing your information, you expressly agree to be bound by this Privacy
                                Policy and agree to be governed by the laws of India including but not limited to the
                                laws applicable to data protection and privacy. If you do not agree please do not use or
                                access our Platform.
In this Privacy Policy, the expressions ‘Personal Information’, ‘Data
                                Subject’, ‘Controller’, ‘Processor’ and
                                ‘Processing’ shall have the meanings given to them in the
applicable privacy laws
.
We are committed to treating data privacy seriously. It is important that you know
                                exactly what we do with your Personal Information.
Throughout this document, “we”, “us”, “our”,
                                “ours”, “Nykaa” refer to
NYKAA E-RETAIL PRIVATE LIMITED
. Wherever we have said ‘you’ or ‘your’ or
                                ‘Customer’, this means YOU
Who We Are
NYKAA E-RETAIL PRIVATE LIMITED
is a company incorporated and registered under the provisions of the Companies
                                Act, 2013 and having its registered office at 104, Vasan Udyog Bhavan, Sun Mill
                                Compound, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013.
Nykaa E-Retail Private Limited
is engaged in the business of facilitating selling, marketing and retailing
cosmetic and beauty products
(“Business”) through the e-commerce Platform developed and owned by
Nykaa E-Retail Private Limited
and/or its parent company, and/or its affiliates or offline stores / events to
                                conduct its Business.
Roles We Play
We play the role of a Data Controller when we collect and process  Personal Information about
                                you.
We play the role of a Data Processor when we collect and process  Personal Information on behalf
                                of another Data Controller
Our Commitment
We commit to protecting your privacy and hence our  Personal Information handling practices are
                                continually reviewed to ensure compliance with the
applicable Privacy laws and regulations
Personal Information Gathered By Nykaa
The information we learn and gather from you, personal or otherwise, is used to register
                                you, verify your identity to permit you to use the app, undertake transactions
                                (including to facilitate and process payments), communicate with you,convey any
                                promotional offers, services or updates associated with NYKAA, and generally maintain
                                your accounts with us. We also use this information to customize your experience and
                                improve NYKAA.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you provide while using NYKAA, or give us in any
                                other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be
                                able to use NYKAA. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as opening
                                your account, processing your transactions, responding to your requests, and
                                communicating with you
Information We Collect About You:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For
                                example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of
                                information when your web browser accesses our Services. We may also receive/store
                                information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier
                                for your device. We may use this information for internal analysis and to provide you
                                with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other
                                personalized content.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
                                Depending upon the jurisdiction from where you might be accessing our Platform and as
                                per applicable laws:
You may be served different types of cookies such as strictly necessary cookies,
                                    performance cookies etc. For example, If you are an international user accessing our
                                    Platform, we only collect strictly necessary data for the functioning of our
                                    Platform.
Information From Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and
                                address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver
                                your next purchase more easily.
Categories of  Personal Information
Categories of  Personal Information collected and processed by us are as follows;
Demographic & Identity data
Contact details such as Name, email address, contact number, shipping address,
                                    country, date of birth, profile picture
Open data and public records such as information about YOU that is openly available
                                    on the internet
Details such as Transaction amount, Bank Name, Card Type, Card number.
Online Identifiers and other Technical Data
Location details such as data we get about your location, IP address, logs, or from
                                    where you connect a computer to the internet
Technical details such as device information, location and network carrier when you
                                    use our mobile applications
Communications details such as the Metadata and other  Personal Information we get from
                                    communications done through e-mails, SMS, instant messages and calls
Usage data details such as data about how you use our Platform or web-based properties, pages viewed, etc.
Consent
By using the Platform and/ or by providing your information, you agree and consent to us collecting, storing, processing, transferring, using and sharing of your personal information (including sensitive personal information as per applicable law) that you disclose on the Platform with third parties or service providers for the purposes set out and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Purposes of Gathering Your Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products
                                and services. These purposes include:
Purchase and Delivery of Products and Services
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                                services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and
                                services, and promotional offers.
Provide, Troubleshoot And Improve NYKAA
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix
                                errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the NYKAA.
Recommendations and Personalization
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might
                                be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with
                                NYKAA.
Communicate With You
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to NYKAA via
                                different channels (e.g. SMS, Whatsapp, by phone, e-mail, chat).
Advertising
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                                and services that might be of interest to you.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKERS USED BY OUR DIGITAL PROPERTIES
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Similarly, there are other types of trackers used. Likewise, Mobile Apps use requisite permissions and SDKs. These are used to make websites & apps work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website/app.
Depending upon the jurisdiction from where you might be accessing our Platform and as per applicable laws you may be served different types of cookies such as strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies etc. We use cookies, permissions and other trackers on our Platform to collect and process data  so as to provide you a better online experience as well as improve our services.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Below are the categories of cookies used on our website along with a description of what they are used for
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are needed to run our website, to keep it secure if you are logged on
                                    and to obey regulations that apply to us.
If you are a customer, they help us know who you are so that you can log on and
                                    manage your accounts. They also help us keep your details safe and private.
Functional
These cookies are used for remembering things like:
Your user ID on the log on page
Your region or country
Your preferred language
Accessibility options like large font or high contrast pages
Performance
These cookies tell us how you and our other customers use our website. We combine all
                                    this data together and study it. This helps us to:
Improve the performance of our services
Improve the products we provide
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Please
                                note disabling the ‘Strictly Necessary’ cookies may cause certain parts of
                                our website to remain inaccessible to you.
We use other tracking mechanisms in addition to the above
Pixel Tags
Log Files
Clickstream analytics
Do Not Track
Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature. This feature lets you tell
                                websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. These
                                features are not yet uniform across browsers. Our sites are not currently set up to
                                respond to those signals.
Purpose of Personal Information Disclosure
Nykaa app contains third party SDKs that collect personally identifiable information
                                (PII). They use this information to better target users or provide elements of our
                                products & services on behalf of us.These third party sites have separate and
                                independent privacy policies.
Nykaa Uses Three Types of SDKS:
SDKs
Purpose
Analytics
Analyze in-depth detail about the visitors on our app
Settle errors
Better target users and
Provide push notifications and digital ads to the users
Example-Clevertap,Appsflyer,Crashlytics, Gamooga
Payment
Complete customers’ payment transaction Example - PayU,
                                                        Razorpay, Cashfree
Login
Help users login at Nykaa Example - Google, Facebook.
We may share your personal data with select third parties, group companies for the below purposes including but not limited to:
Order processing - For instance using a third party order management system to track and document the orders you place with us.
Delivering packages - For instance using third party delivery service providers to ensure delivery of orders placed by You.
Sending emails communication and marketing assistance - To optimize our methods and channels of communication with You.
Processing payments - To enable secure and convenient modes of payment processing.
Providing customer support - To collate Your queries received via different modes and ensure timely resolution.
Analyzing data to continuously better our services and for prevention, detection, mitigation, and investigation of fraudulent or illegal activities related to our products and services.
We have put in place appropriate contracts and personal data protection obligations on the third-parties engaged by us, and they are subject to strict contractual obligations when processing your personal data.
Reasons for disclosing your Personal Information to other parties:
We may disclose your Personal Information to others where it is lawful to do so including where
                                we or they:
have a legal obligation to do so, e.g. to assist with detecting and preventing
                                    fraud,
have requirement in connection with regulatory reporting, litigation or asserting or
                                    defending legal rights and interests
have a legitimate business reason for doing so
want to send you information and promotional material regarding our products and
                                    services,
have asked you for your consent to share it, and you’ve agreed
Improve your online experience for using our product.
to protect the safety of any person, or to protect our rights or the rights of those who use our products & services.
To whom your Personal Information may be disclosed:
We may disclose your Personal Information for the above purposes to other parties including:
Other group companies and any subcontractors, agents or service providers who work
                                    for us or provide services to us or group companies (including their employees,
                                    sub-contractors, service providers, directors and officers)
Law Enforcement Authorities, Government Authorities, courts, dispute resolution
                                    bodies, our regulators, auditors and any party appointed or requested by our
                                    regulators to carry out investigations or audits of our activities
Statutory and regulatory bodies and authorities (including the government)
                                    investigating agencies and entities or persons, to whom or before whom it is
                                    mandatory to disclose the Personal Information as per the applicable law, courts, judicial
                                    and quasi-judicial authorities and tribunals, arbitrators and arbitration tribunals
Overseas regulators
Anybody else that we’ve been instructed to share your Personal Information with by
                                    you
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Personal Information  we hold about you may be transferred to other countries outside your
                                residential country for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You understand and accept that these countries may have differing (and potentially less
                                stringent) laws relating to the degree of confidentiality afforded to the information it
                                holds and that such information can become subject to the laws and disclosure
                                requirements of such countries, including disclosure to governmental bodies, regulatory
                                agencies and private persons, as a result of applicable governmental or regulatory
                                inquiry, court order or other similar process. In addition, a number of countries have
                                agreements with other countries providing for exchange of information for law
                                enforcement, tax and other purposes.
If we transfer your Personal Information to third parties for purposes stated in this Privacy
                                Policy, we will use best endeavors to put in place appropriate controls and safeguards
                                to ensure that your Personal Information is kept accurate, adequately protected, and processed
                                only for specified and reasonable purposes in a manner that is fair, transparent and has
                                a lawful basis, and is stored for no longer than is absolutely necessary.
Data Security
We are committed to protecting your Personal Information in our custody. We take reasonable
                                steps to ensure appropriate physical, technical and managerial safeguards are in place
                                to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, transmission and
                                deletion. We work to protect the security of your personal information during
                                transmission by using encryption protocols. We use multi-layered controls to help
                                protect our infrastructure, constantly monitoring and improving our applications,
                                systems, and processes to meet the growing demands and challenges of security.We ensure
                                that the third parties who provide services to us under appropriate contracts, take
                                appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information in line with our policies.
Retention and Disposal of Data
We keep the Personal Information we collect about you on our systems or with third parties
                                    for as long as it is required for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and
                                    for legal or regulatory reasons. We will only use your Personal Information for those
                                    purposes and will make sure that your Privacy is protected. We shall take reasonable
                                    steps to delete or permanently de-identify Personal Information that is no longer needed.
Links to Other Websites
Our Platform may contain links to websites of other organisations. This privacy policy
                                    does not cover how that organisation processes Personal Information. We encourage you to
                                    read the privacy policies on the other websites you visit.
Children’s Privacy
Our platform is directed to be used by adults only. If you are not an adult, while
                                        you may look at our site, you should not make a purchase, register, or submit
                                        Personal Information to us. We or our associates /affiliates do not knowingly collect
                                        information from minors.
Your Rights As A Customer
We understand that when you interact with Nykaa, you have rights over your
                                        PPersonal Information. These rights involve providing reasonable steps to allow you to
                                        access your Personal Information, correct any errors among others. In the event that
                                        you are not satisfied with our response or have unresolved concerns, you can get
                                        in touch with us to resolve the issue by means of privacy@nykaa.com.
CUSTOMER GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL POLICY
1.Background
Customer satisfaction is one of the key focus area and integral part of Nykaa’s
                                        founding principles and business policies. We strongly believe that customer
                                        satisfaction is the most important factor in the growth and development of our
                                        business and hence, at Nykaa we have adopted customer centricity as a priority
                                        in developing our business processes. This Customer Grievance Redressal Policy
                                        summarises and outlines the framework for addressing customer grievances.
2.Objective
The objective of this Grievance Policy is to provide a framework:
to ensure provision of timely and effective resolution of issues raised by
                                            customers.
to keep customers informed about the manner in which they can reach out to
                                            us to resolve their queries and grievances.
3.Principles governing the Grievance policy
Policy on grievance redressal is governed by the following principles:
Customer shall be treated fairly at all times.
Issues raised by customers are always attended with courtesy and in time.
Customers are provided with effective and satisfactory resolution within
                                            reasonable time period.
Customers are fully informed of avenues to escalate their issues/ grievances
                                            if they are not fully satisfied with the response to their complaints.
4.Customer Support
Any customer can reach out to our Customer Support team/ representative through
                                        telephonic or electronic mode in the following manner. (You may also access this
                                        information at
https://support.nykaa.com/
):
Email customer service at
For all local customers:
support@nykaa.com
For international customers:
internationalsupport@nykaa.com
Call at Customer Service Desk
Phone: 1800-267-4444 (Mon to Sat, 8AM to 10PM and Sun, 10AM to 7 PM)
Lodge a ticket with the Customer Service Team
The customer may. Choose to lodge a complaint at
https://support.nykaa.com/submit-request.php
. A ticket
                                                    number shall be provided on customer’s registered email address for
                                                    each complaint lodged through which the consumer can track the
                                                    status of the complaint. On response/follow up calls or emails, The
                                                    Customer Service representative may ask for the ticket number from
                                                    the customer for verification purpose.
Chat with our Customer Service Team
On Nykaa App and Desktop (Mon to Sat, 8AM to 10PM and Sun, 10AM to 7
                                                    PM)
Specific complaint numbers will be given to the complaints lodged by the
                                        customers to help them track the status of their complaints.
Customers will be offered a customer support facility during the business
                                            hours (Mon to Sat, 8AM to 10PM and Sun, 10AM to 6 PM)
5.Grievance Officer
Given below are the contact details, name and designation of the Grievance
                                        Officer of Nykaa. This information is provided in accordance with applicable
                                        provisions of the Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under and
                                        the Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020:
Name: Mr. Arafat Kazi
Designation: Senior Manager - Customer Service
Address: Nykaa E-Retail Private. Ltd. 104, Vasan Udgoy Bhavan, Sun Mill
                                        Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400013.
Email Id:
grievanceofficercs@nykaa.com
Phone: 1800 267 4444
Time: Mon to Sat ( 8am to 10pm )
6.Need to Know:
Nykaa DOES NOT solicit confidential details like your OTP/CVV/PIN/Card
                                            Number/ Bank account details through any means. Nykaa never call
                                            users/customers with offers, discounts on products and offering free gifts.
Scamsters/fraudsters attempt various techniques such as ‘phishing’, to
                                            contact, influence and defraud consumers. Nykaa regularly cautions its
                                            customers against sharing any personal or payment sensitive information with
                                            unknown persons as such sharing leads to unauthorized use and/or fraud and
                                            consequent financial loss.
Nykaa shall not be liable for any loss, damage, expense incurred by a
                                            customer where the customer has shared personal and/or payment sensitive
                                            information with scamsters/fraudsters.
We also request and encourage our customers to report such attempts or
                                            incidents to our Grievance officer (or Customer care) to enable us to
                                            investigate and explore legal recourse.
Nykaa reserves the right to divert the e-mails to
support@nykaa.com
in event customers
                                            have directly written to
grievanceofficercs@nykaa.com
without exhausting the Grievance Redressal communication Procedure mentioned
                                            above
Nykaa relies on payment partners and banks. In certain cases involving
                                            payment/refund issues, we might see a delay as that is beyond our control
                                            once we pass the investigation to them however, we try our best not to
                                            exceed timelines stated in this policy
CONTACT US
For any further queries and complaints related to privacy under applicable laws
                                        and regulations, you could reach us at:
Contact Email Address:
support@nykaa.com
IN ACCORDANCE WITH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT 2000 AND RULES MADE THERE
                                            UNDER, THE NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF THE GRIEVANCE OFFICER ARE PROVIDED
                                            BELOW
GRIEVANCE/ NODAL OFFICER - CUSTOMER SERVICES
Name : Mr. Arafat Kazi
Email :
grievanceofficercs@nykaa.com
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review to make sure it is up to date
                                        and accurate. Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will
                                        be posted on this page. We recommend that you re-visit this page regularly to
                                        check for any updates.
How may we help you