Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how IGNITION M, Co., Ltd. (“we”) uses and protects any information that you provide us when you use the mobile device application (the “Services”). Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We only use your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. By using our Services, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. Please read them carefully. The term “your personal information” as used in this Privacy Policy shall mean what Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information identifies as “Personal Information”.
1. Collecting your personal information
We collect your personal information under circumstances, such as:
(1)    When you submit your personal information through using our Services
(2)    When you submit your personal information through campaigns, events, etc.
(3)    When you submit your personal information through customer support, such as inquiries
(4)    When your personal information is automatically transmitted through using our Service
(5)    When we receive your personal information from the third-party providers
2. Examples of information we collect
Based on Article 1, examples of “your personal information” shall cover the following matters:
(1)    Your name
(2)    Your age and birthday
(3)    Your e-mail addresses
(4)    Authorization information, such as ID and password
(5)    Your gender
(6)    Your address
(7)    Log data, such as cookies information, IP address, Terminal Identifier, Advertising Identifier, and OS information.
(8)    Your payment information in our Services
3. Use of information
Based on Article 1, our purpose of the use of information shall cover the following matters:
・To provide you our Services
・To respond to your individual needs
・To make your payment
・To provide you contents, in-app currency, and points
・To send you service information
・To analyze user experience in our Service
・To improve and develop our Service
・To ensure security regarding the use of our Service (including correspondence, investigation, and prevention of violation of our Terms of Service)
・To distribute survey and advertisement, and its analysis
4. Who we share your personal information with
Apart from cases permitted by law, we may provide your personal information to third parties (including those located abroad) with your prior consent in the following cases. In cases where we provide personal information to third parties and are legally obligated to keep records of such provision, we will comply with this obligation.
(1)    To provide our Service
(2)    To improve quality of our Service
(3)    To improve and develop our Service
(4)    To fulfill an agreement for entrusting work to another party
(5)    To distribute advertisement and its analysis
5. Disclosure and Correction of Personal Information
When we receive a request from a customer for the disclosure of their own personal information, we will promptly disclose it within the limits set by law. If we cannot confirm that the request comes from the customer themselves, we will not comply with the disclosure request. If there are errors in the personal information and we receive a request from the individual for correction, addition, suspension of use, or deletion, we will respond to these requests promptly within the limits set by law after investigation. If we cannot confirm that the request comes from the individual themselves, we will not comply with these requests. For the above requests and inquiries regarding our handling of personal information, please contact us at the address listed in section 8 below.
6. Securing safety
Your personal information will always be handled by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. To do so, we aim to maintain our company regulations, organization, and information system safety. When entrusting your personal information to a third party, we will properly supervise the third party to ensure proper management of your personal information security.
7. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. If it happens to require your agreement according to law, we shall change the Privacy Policy in accordance with law.
8. Inquiry
Please contact info@ign-m.com if you have any inquiries regarding the Privacy Policy.
Last modified on June 13th, 2023
Last modified on December 6th, 2017
Back