Privacy Policy
Latest
Updated Date
：
2023/02/13
Please read this policy to understand what
information this app collects and how we use it. This policy concern all our
applications and websites. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
please contact us via email.
1.
We may
collect necessary information for different purposes, including:
1.1
To enable you to
use the functions of this application smoothly:
Pictures and video processing apps often need to use deep learning
technology. This app has currently developed or may develop apps that use deep
learning related technologies in the future. Since the deep learning technology
used in these functions requires a high-performance server to process, you may need
to upload images or videos are sent to the server for processing. These
functions include but are not limited to: AI painting/AI depth beautification/ anime
filter/ quality enhancement/AI portrait P picture, etc. when using this App.
When using these features, the app will ask for your permission if it needs to
access your device's photo library.
1.1.1
How do we
handle personal pictures and videos uploaded to the server:
The uploading and processing of this information is necessary to
provide these functions, but we will follow the legal requirements and take
strict measures for the transmission and storage of your such information
Encryption measures to keep your information safe.
1.1.2
The use of such information is limited to providing you
with these functional services. After the service is completed, the above
information will be automatically deleted by the system and will not be
retained. These images are automatically deleted from our servers after 24
hours. Images generated by the app from your uploaded images are automatically
deleted from our servers after 15 days. The technology implemented in the application
does not allow for unique identification or authentication of individual users.
1.1.3 For the improvement and training of
deep learning-related functions, we use public compliance data sets, or
specially purchased legal data sets, and the pictures/videos uploaded by users
will not be used for any purpose other than user functions, including training
or improvements for functionality.
1.1.4 You guarantee that you have the
corresponding legal rights to the uploaded content or have obtained legal authorization
from others and have the right to use the above functions. Otherwise, all the
consequences and losses caused will be borne by you.
1.2
Improve our application and quality
(e.g. by performing statistical analyses)
In order to
ensure the quality of service and improve our applications, we will use Google
Firebase or Flurry SDK to collect, analyze, correct faults, illegal use or
abuse of applications, and we will collect statistical data on user usage
functions, which will not be tracked individual users, but based on aggregate
statistics for all users.
We also collect anonymous, non-personal
information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, your
browser’s language, your web request and the date and time of your request.
Such information does not identify you individually. Non-personal information
can be used, for example, to provide or to improve our services and also to
develop new services
, in marketing, auditing, etc.
We may also use "cookies" to collect information.
1.3
Handling and Responding to Customer Support Communications.
In order to help users deal with problems
encountered during use, we will collect the identity information and contact
information (e.g. email address, name) you provide to us, as well as the
content of your communication or request. We only use this data for user
support. We will delete it within 1 year  if the case is closed
The information may also be used in order
to investigate, prevent or take action regarding unauthorized use of the
Services. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for
which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
1.4 Analyze your usage information,
including your preferences, interests and behaviors when using our products.
2.User mata data
Metadata is usually technical data that is
associated with user generated content. When using our Services, we will not
upload or save user meta data without permission. Our apps include some AI
based services, like face recognition, all of these services are developed
based on open-data. We do not collect users meta data to develope or improve
our algorithm. In some situations, we may ask users to provide with meta data
to help us know more about our users. When we need to collect such data, we
will clearly tell users how this data will be used and ask users’ permissions.
3.Information Sharing
Except as noted below, this app does not
share your personal information related to 1.1
with any
company, organization or individual
unless you give us
your permission. We only shares personal information with third parties in the
following circumstances:
·
T
o provide products or services you have requested
:
We require that these parties agree to
process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this
policy;
-
Sharing with
explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your
personal information with other parties.
- We may share your personal information
externally in accordance with laws and regulations, the need to resolve
litigation disputes, and in accordance with the mandatory requirements of
government authorities or judicial authorities.
- Sharing under statutory conditions: To
the extent required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your
personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests,
property or safety of the Concrete, its users or the public from damage.
-
If this app
becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all
of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is
transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
-
We may share with
third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as
the number of users who searched for a particular term for example, or how many
users clicked on a particular advertisement.
4. Information Security
We and third parties will take reasonable
measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or
disclosure of information. For example, some of our Services will use
encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your personal information.
However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though
we and third parties will take all possible security measures, we cannot always
guarantee that your information is 100% secure.
We implement measures to reduce the risks
of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information.
However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. We and
third parties do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. You
understand and accept that the system and communication network used by you to access
our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
5. Other
Please note that this privacy policy may
change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policy, we
will post a new
policy on our site and update the
"last updated" date set forth above.If you have any questions about
this privacy policy or if you have to change personal information, please feel
free to send email to us.