PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice describes how Blofin.com (“BloFin”) collects and process your personal information through the BloFin websites and applications that references this Privacy Notice. The terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to BloFin and its affiliates. BloFin refers to the ecosystem comprising BloFin websites (whose domain name includes, but is not limited to
https://blofin.com
), mobile applications, clients, applets and other applications that are developed to offer BloFin Services (as defined in our Terms). “BloFin Operators” refer to all parties that run BloFin, including but not limited to legal persons, unincorporated organizations and teams that provide BloFin Services and are responsible for such Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to all personal information processing activities carried out by us, across platforms, websites, and departments of BloFin and BloFin Operators. When we ask for certain personal information from users, it is because we are required by law to collect this information or it is relevant for specified purposes. You agree that any non-required information you provide to us is done so voluntarily.
To the extent that you are a customer or user of our services, this Privacy Notice applies together with any terms of business and other contractual documents, including but not limited to any agreements we may have with you. If you do not wish to have your personal information used in the manner described in this Privacy Policy, you may not use BloFin or any of the services, software, APIs, technologies, products and/or features offered by BloFin.
As we may collect Personal Information from you from different jurisdictions, you agree that you explicitly give us consent to transfer such Personal Information from you to outside your area. If you decline to consent to such a transfer, you agree that your only remedy is to terminate your BloFin account and stop using the BloFin Services.
This Privacy Notice should be read in line with, and forms a part of BloFin’s Terms of Use, Risk Disclosure Statement, and their related supplementary terms, agreements, guidelines and instructions.
BLOFIN’S RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU
For the purpose of this Privacy Notice, BloFin is the data controller for personal information collection in connection with the provision of BloFin Services.
In this Privacy Agreement, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable nature person, including, but not limited to, a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, economic, cultural or social identity of you are a natural person.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES BLOFIN COLLECT AND PROCESS?
BloFin collects, processes and stores Personal Information collected from you via your use of the BloFin Services or where you have given your consent. The Personal Information may include:
Email address(es)
Name
Gender
Date of Birth
Address
Phone number
Nationality
Device ID
A video recording of you and a photographic image
Transactional information
The Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet
Time zone
Information about your activity on BloFin we may process about you on your behavior and your activity for marketing and advertising purposes.
WHY DOES BLOFIN COLLECT, PROCESS AND STORE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
BloFin collects, processes and stores your Personal Information in accordance with various regulations around the world to which we are subject. As these regulations are amended from time to time, we are similarly required to ensure that our practices are up to date by amending this Privacy Notice when necessary or required.
We collect Personal Information you provide during the BloFin onboarding process. We may also collect Personal Information:
When you communicate with us through our customer support portal or via email or other communication channels.
To communicate with you about orders and services.
To prevent and detect fraud and abuse to protect the security of our users
RESTRICTION OF USE
BloFin does not allow anyone under the agree of 18 to use BloFin Services and does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 18.
DOES BLOFIN SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your Personal Information with third parties if we believe that sharing the same is in accordance with, or required by, any contractual relationship with you or us, applicable law, regulation or legal process.
We may also share your Personal Information with third parties:
If it is necessary to enforce our Terms of Service.
To comply with government agencies, including regulators, law enforcement and/or justice departments.
If such third parties provide services to BloFin (for eg., administrative or technical service providers)
In connection with any sale of BloFin and/or BloFin Services and acquisitions of other businesses or services.
To protect users or others, this includes, but is not limited to exchanging information with other companies or organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, BloFin may disclose your Personal Information to a third party or parties where there is sufficient grounds to believe, based on BloFin’s sole discretion, that you have violated applicable laws or regulations giving rise to a justification of such disclosure, or wherefore the disclosure of Personal Information would facilitate the conclusion of,
inter alia
, a dispute settlement process, a judicial or administrative investigation or a trade carried out on BloFin.
HOW SECURE IS MY INFORMATION?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent your information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an authorized way, altered or disclosed. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission and while stored by using encryption protocols and software. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of your personal information. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties on a need-to-know basis.
Our security procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity to protect you against unauthorized access to your account password. We recommend that you use a unique password for your BloFin account that is not utilized for other online accounts and to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING
In order for us to provide you with the best user experience, we may share your personal information with our marketing partners for the purposes of targeting, modelling and/or analytics as well as marketing and advertising.
You have the right to object to our use of Personal Information for advertising and marketing purposes. Please write to support@blofin.com to process your objection.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS, CORRECTION AND DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information upon request and ascertain whether the information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date. In addition, when you consent to our processing of your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights to either access, correct or delete Personal Information, please contact us at support@blofin.com. You agree that these rights may be limited in some situations, for example, where we can demonstrate we have legitimate interest to process your Personal Information.
In response to any request to access, correct or delete Personal Information, you agree, for your own protection as well as ours, that we shall only be able to respond to such requests provided we receive proper and verified authorization from the Personal Information owner. In this connection, you agree that before we respond to any request to access, correct or delete Personal Information, we will take all steps necessary in our sole discretion to carry out verification of the requester’s identity to ensure the legitimacy of the request. These steps may include, but are not limited to:
Telephone call-back
Email response from requester’s email address on record
Any other procedure as we may in our discretion require.
You agree that, given the sensitive nature such requests, coupled with potential cross-border time differences, BloFin shall not commit to a timeline within such requests can be fulfilled, save to the extent under applicable or in a reasonable timeframe, determined at the sole discretion of BloFin. You therefore agree that BloFin will not be liable for any loss or damage howsoever arising as a result of untimely response to your request.
BloFin reserves the right to charge a reasonable fee for Personal Information requests which prove to be onerous, repetitive or require additional resources to be complied with.
HOW LONG DOES BLOFIN KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We keep your Personal Information for five years to enable your continued use of BloFin Services and/or for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, and/or as may be required by law either for tax and accounting purposes and/or compliance with Anti-Money Laundering laws.
ACCOUNT DELETION
You may request for your BloFin account to be deleted at any time, subject to applicable laws.
Take Notice:
The deleted BloFin account cannot be recovered once it is deleted. To protect your rights and interest against fraud or other malicious acts, we have in place strict procedures to ensure that the application to delete your account is bona fide and remind you of the risks of deleting your account before and during the account deletion process.
The deletion of a BloFin account does not mean that all account operations, responsibilities and/or liabilities are avoided. All records and information associated with your account will be deleted. However we may retain certain Personal Information pertaining to your account according to the provisions of this Privacy Notice and/or required by applicable laws and regulations.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Our data protection officer can be contacted at support@blofin.com, and will work to address any questions or issues that you have with respect to the collection and processing of your Personal Information.
If you have any requests and comments, you can send an email to support@blofin.com with the subject “INQUIRY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION”, which is the only valid and official email through which we will communicate with you.
Related articles
TERMS OF USE
Blofin Earn Service Agreement
Blofin Copy Trading Service Agreement
RISK DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
Blofin Futures Trading Service Agreement