Legal
TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
© Copyright 2019-2024 FAR Technologies Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions, we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website, and all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
2. INTRODUCTION
FAR
, (FAR is a trading name of FAR Technologies Limited) including subsidiaries and affiliates ('Website Owner' or 'we' or 'us' or 'our') provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website ('website') to visitors ('visitors') (cumulatively referred to as 'you' or 'your' hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy, and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies, and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website. By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website. If you use any of our website services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
3. INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or material contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ('information') and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website.
The Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue, without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice, and information is offered for information purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. You rely on the information contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an error or omission on this website, please let us know.
4. PERMISSION TO USE THE WEBSITE
You may view pages from our website in a web browser and print pages from our website subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions. Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website. We reserve the right to suspend or restrict access to our website, to areas of our website and/or to the functionality of our website. For example, we may suspend access to the website during updates or maintenance. You must not divert, or attempt to divert, any restricted access measured on our website.
5. USE OF THE WEBSITE
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction other than Great Britain. By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you hereby indemnify the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which the Website Owner or any third party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or material.
6. MISUSE OF THE WEBSITE
When using our website, you must not:
Use our website in any way that does or may cause any damage or impairment to the performance, accessibility, availability, integrity or security of the website;
Hack or otherwise tamper with our website;
Use our website in any way that is or is in connection with any illegal, unlawful, harmful or fraudulent purpose or activity;
Test the vulnerability of our website without our permission;
Bypass any security systems on or relating to our website;
Access or interact with our website using any automated means;
Use our website to store, copy, use, publish or distribute any material that contains or is linked to any viruses, spyware, or any other malicious software; or
Do anything that interferes with the normal use of our website.
You must also not use any data collected from our website to contact individuals or companies, or any other entities.
7. EXTERNAL LINKS
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as to their material. Use or reliance on any external links and the material thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links, you must refer to that external websites’
'Terms and Conditions'
of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner. Please contact us if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website.
8. PUBLIC FORUMS & USER SUBMISSIONS
The Website Owner is not responsible for any third party views that are shared on the website.  The Website Owner reserves the right to remove any material submitted or posted in the public areas, without notice, if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole and absolute discretion that there is the likelihood that the material will cause the following harm (such list being indicative and non-exhaustive):
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of other users or any third parties; publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
Post or upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programmes that may damage the operation of the Website Owner's and/or a third party's computer system and/or network;
Violate any copyright, trademark, other applicable Great Britain or international laws or intellectual property rights of the Website Owner or any other third party;
Submit materials containing marketing or promotional information which is intended to solicit business.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Your use of the website and the material grants no rights to you in relation to any copyright, designs, trademarks and any other intellectual property and rights relating to the material, including software and all HTML and other code contained in this website. All such material, including third party trademarks, designs and related intellectual property rights mentioned or displayed on this website are protected by national intellectual property and other laws and international treaty provisions.
You are permitted to use the material only as expressly authorised by us and/or its third-party licensors. Any reproduction or redistribution of the above listed material is prohibited and may result in civil and criminal penalties.
Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
Without limiting the foregoing, copying and use of the above listed materials to any other server, location or support for publication, reproduction or distribution is expressly prohibited.
10. WARRANTIES
The Website Owner does not make any warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual):
The completeness or accuracy of the information contained on the website;
That the website will remain available; and
That the material on the website is up to date.
We reserve the right to discontinue or change any or all of our website services at any time without notice or explanation. In this instance, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon any discontinuation or change to any of our website services.
11. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our staff and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, we and our officers, affiliates, representatives, contractors and employees will not be responsible or liable with respect to any subject matter of these terms related thereto under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other theory:
For the use of the website or for error or interruption of use of the website;
For any indirect, exemplary, incidental, special or consequential damages;
For any matter beyond our reasonable control; or
For any amounts that, together with amounts associated with all other claims, exceed the fees paid by you to us for the services under these terms in the 12 months prior to the act that gave rise to the liability, in each case, whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or other cause of action.
12. BREACHES OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
If you breach or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
Issue you with one or more formal warnings;
Temporarily or permanently suspend your use of our website;
Block computers with your IP address from using our website; and/or
commence legal action against you.
Where we suspend or prohibit your access to our website, you must not attempt to bypass the suspension or prohibition.
13. VARIATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to review and/or revise these terms and conditions when we deem necessary. In this instance, the revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website. You hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions.
14. ASSIGNMENT
You agree that we may assign, transfer or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions. You may not, without our prior written consent, assign, transfer or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
15. SEVERABILITY
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
16. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
A contract under these terms and conditions is for ours and your benefit, and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
The exercise of the parties' rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
Alongside our privacy and cookies policy below, these terms and conditions shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall overrule all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
18. LAW AND JURISDICTION
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law. Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
PRIVACY POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
FAR
(FAR is a trading name of FAR Technologies Limited) (‘FAR’, 'we', 'our', 'us') respect the privacy rights of its online visitors/customers ('you', 'your', 'yours') and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about them. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
The following information is provided by us to enable our online visitors/customers to be fully informed and reassured of our company privacy policies in line with all laws governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. This policy applies where we determine the purposes and means of the procession of personal data. Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we process your personal data.
Our website uses cookies. If these cookies are not entirely necessary for the delivery of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit the website.
By visiting
www.f-ar.co
you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions. All queries relating to any company policies should be sent to:
REGISTERED ADDRESS:
FAR Technologies​ Limited, 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GI, United Kingdom
Email:
marketing@f-ar.co
Company Registration Number:
13380902
VAT Number:
393 1547 80
2. COLLECTING INFORMATION & YOUR RIGHTS
From time to time we may ask for your consent to collect certain data to help us deliver and improve the website.  As a data subject, you have the following rights under UK and EU data protection legislation (including the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)), which this Privacy Policy has been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about about our collection and use of Personal Data;
The right of access to the Personal Data we hold about you;
The right to rectification if any Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete;
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete any Personal Data we hold about you;
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your Personal Data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your Personal Data to re-use with another service or organisation;
The right to object to us using your Personal Data for particular purposes; and Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your Personal Data, please contact us by sending an email to
info@f-ar.co
or by writing to us at:
FAR Technologies Limited, 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GI, United Kingdom
and we will do our best to solve the problem for you. If we are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
3. INFORMATION COLLECTED ON YOUR BEHALF
We may process usage data, which may include your IP address, browser details, geographical location, length of visit, referral source and page views, as well as information regarding the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system.
We also may process communication data, which may include the communication material and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms.
4. PURPOSES OF PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASES
We may process your personal data for the purposes of operating our website and providing our services. The legal basis for this processing is the proper administration of our website, services and business.
We may process your personal data for the purposes of security and the prevention of criminal activity. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests; monitoring and improving our website.
We may process your personal data to allow us to create and maintain our databases. The legal basis for this is so that we can ensure that we have access to all the information we need to properly run our business.
We may process your personal data where needed surrounding legal claims and obligations. The legal basis for this processing is to protect and assert the legal rights of us, you and those of others.
5. PROVIDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO OTHERS
We may disclose your personal data where reasonably necessary to third parties to manage risks and obtain professional advice.
Your personal data which is held in our website database will be stored on the servers of our hosting services providers.
Furthermore, we may disclose your personal data where necessary to comply with legal obligations and claims, or to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
You acknowledge that your personal data that is submitted through our website or may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the (mis)use of such personal data by others.
7. RETAINING/DELETING PERSONAL DATA
Personal data that we process shall not be kept for any looking than is necessary for the purpose of initially processing that data.
We may retain your personal data where necessary to comply with a legal obligation or claim, or to protect the interests of yourself and others.
8. ABOUT COOKIES
Cookies are text files containing small pieces of data known as an identifier. The identifier is used to identify your computer as you use a computer network, and is stored by the browser.
There are two types of cookies:
Persistent cookies: stored by a web browser and valid until its expiry date, unless it is deleted before this date;
Session cookies: expires at the end of the user session, when the browser is closed.
9. COOKIES THAT WE USE
We use cookies on this website for several reasons:
Personalisation;
Security;
Analysis;
Authentification;
Status; and
Cookie Consent.
10. COOKIES USED BY OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS
Our service providers use cookies which may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
11. MANAGING COOKIES
You have the choice to refuse to accept and to delete cookies. However, blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon your usage and the functionality on our website.
12. AMENDMENTS
We reserve the right to update this policy occasionally by publishing a new version on our website. It is your responsibility to check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any amendments made to this policy.
13. WHO DO I CONTACT IF I HAVE A QUERY?
This website is owned and operated by
FAR Technologies Limited
.
Our registered address is
FAR Technologies​ Limited, 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N1 7GI, United Kingdom
.
To contact us, please go to the
‘Contact Us’
section of the website and send an email to
info@f-ar.co
.
By visiting
www.f-ar.co
you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
HOME
ABOUT US
WHAT WE DO
BLOG
APP
CONTACT US
By willingly using this website, you are agreeing to the usage of your data in line with our
terms and conditions
.