Privacy Policy of ShiErKe
Beijing ShiErKe Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "ShiErKe" or "we") respects and protects the personal privacy rights of all users using the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, we will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, we will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, we will not disclose or provide such information to any third party without your prior permission. We will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to our service use agreement, you shall be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of our service use agreement
1. Scope of application
a) When you register our account, you provide personal registration information according to our requirements
b) When you use our network services or visit our platform web pages, we automatically receive and record the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information and web page records required by you
c) Personal data of users obtained from business partners through legal channels
You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this Privacy Policy:
a) Keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by our platform
b) The relevant information and data that we have collected from you published in us, including but not limited to the participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details
c) Violations of laws or our rules and the measures we have taken against you
2. Information collection
To ensure that Fizz APP can provide users with high-quality services, we will collect some user information with the consent of users. For this purpose, we have applied for the following permissions:
a) Device information acquisition permission: to provide personalized user experience
b) Picture and photo permissions: set user portrait information to facilitate mutual recognition between users
c) Microphone information: users conduct voice communication in the discussion group
d) Truedepth APIs: used for users to render and drive 3D virtual image expressions in the app to better display the personalization of the virtual image
• the use of truedepth APIs does not collect the user's faceid information
• the use of truedepth APIs will not result in any operation of caching to a file or uploading to the cloud or any other record of the user's faceid information
• the use of truedepth APIs will not share the user's faceid information
• the use of truedepth APIs will not disclose the user's faceid information
e) We use the MobTech sharesdk service of the third party (Shanghai Youkun Information Technology Co., Ltd., hereinafter referred to as "MobTech") to provide you with login and sharing functions. To successfully implement this function, you need to authorize mobtechsdk to provide corresponding services; After your authorization, MobTech will collect your relevant personal information. For details about the types, uses, rules for personal information protection and withdrawal mechanism of the information collected by MobTech, please refer to the privacy policy (http://www.mob.com/about/policy) on MobTech's official website.
f) We use the statistical services provided by the third party Flurry. The Flurry SDK needs to collect your device ID and product interaction information to provide statistical analysis services. See Flurry privacy policy link for details: https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html
g) We use the instant messaging service provided by the third party Huanxin. The Huanxin SDK needs to collect your device ID, avatar, nickname and other information to provide instant messaging services. See the link of Huanxin privacy policy for details: https://www.easemob.com/protocol
3. Information use
a) We will not provide, sell, lease, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless we obtain your permission in advance, or the third party and we provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited to access all such information, including those it can access previously
b) We also do not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or free disseminate your personal information by any means. If any user of our platform engages in the above activities, once found, we have the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user
c) For the purpose of serving users, we may provide you with information you are interested in by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with our partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent)
4. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, we will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal will or the provisions of the law:
a) Disclosed to a third party with your prior consent
b) In order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party
c) Disclose to the third party or the administrative or judicial organ according to the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial organ
d) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or our service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party
e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes
f) In a transaction created on our platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially performs the transaction obligations and requests information disclosure, we have the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes
g) Other disclosures that we consider appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies
5. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials we collect about you will be stored on the servers of us and / or its affiliated companies. These information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where we collect information and materials and be accessed, stored and displayed overseas
6. Account cancellation and information removal
If you decide not to use the Fizz app and want to cancel your personal account, please contact contact@labapps.cn We will cancel your account and remove your personal information within 3 working days
7. Information security
a) Our account has security protection function. Please keep your user name and password information properly. We will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered through security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the foregoing security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network
b) When using our network services to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find your personal information leaked, especially our user name and password, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take corresponding measures
8. Contact:
Email: contact@labapps.cn Generally, we will reply within 3 working days
9. Effective privacy agreement
This Privacy Policy version was updated on May 10, 2022 and will take effect on June 1, 2022