At Myglobalflowers, your privacy is very important to us and we want to assure you that we take the confidentiality and security of your personal data very seriously.
This privacy policy covers personal data collected by Myglobalflowers through the consumer Websites at the domain name
www.Myglobalflowers.
com, as well as any of our consumer apps, mobile websites, and other related subdomain websites and services (collectively, the “Websites”). The term
Websites also covers the collection of personal data through Myglobalflowers’s direct mail or coupon campaigns, telephone sales or through social media channels.
1. What personal data do we collect?
We collect personal data from you whenever you interact with our Websites, including when you make purchases, when you browse our Websites, when you use our services or when you sign up to receive any of our services. When providing personal data to us through a form, we indicate which personal data is optional. Please note that, when collection of personal data is required or necessary either as needed for us to fulfil your order or based on legal obligation and you elect not to provide the personal data, we may not be able to accept or fulfil your order.
The types of personal data that we will collect, store, maintain or process includes the following.
Personal data you provide when you purchase from us
Your contact details you provide when placing your order, including name, title, billing address, telephone numbers and e-mail address
Recipient and delivery details you provide when placing your order, including name, address, contact telephone numbers, delivery instructions and email address
The occasions for which you purchase our goods and services such as birthdays and anniversaries
Any personal data contained within the card message (e.g., names and birthdays)
Details associated with the products you order
Details of the services you purchase or subscribe to (e.g., Myglobalflowers Delivery Pass)
When you make a purchase, your payment card details (in accordance with payment card industry standards)
Your communication and marketing preferences including delivery updates and notifications
Additional Personal Data provided through the “My Account” feature
Customer title, name, preferred name, telephone number and type, email address, email address type and postal address
Recipient title, name, preferred name, telephone number, email address and postal address
Any stored payment card details (in accordance with payment card industry standards)
Gift card balance details
Stored delivery instructions including any preferred florists
Additional Personal Data obtained when you use our Websites
Details of your online browsing activities on our Websites such as the pages visited and the parts of the Websites used
Details of the type of device used to access our Websites, your device IP address, and your device location
Additional Personal Data obtained through contact with us
Details of your interaction with emails that we send you including links that you click and emails that you open
If contact occurs between us, we will keep a record of that correspondence, including your name and contact data, and details of your customer care issues or other concerns and our responses (including any recorded telephone calls)
Our Websites are not intended for use by persons under the age of 18 and our terms and conditions require that a person be 18 or older when placing an order with us. If you believe we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 18, please notify us
2. How we use the personal data we collect from you?
We will use your personal data for the following purposes:
To fulfil your order:
To process your order
To process payment including payment authorisation via payment card, cheque, gift card or other third party payment processor
To carry out identity verification and fraud prevention checks when purchasing with a payment card and validating personal data you provide via a third party payment processor
To provide data to any third party supplier or vendor who may fulfil your order on our behalf
To provide order confirmation, delivery status notifications on any order placed with us
For customer care purposes:
To address any customer care issues that occur either with respect to a product or service, delivery, or a complaint or enquiry that you or your recipient raise with us
To contact you with any changes, cancellation or other issues with your order
To manage any registered accounts you have through the Websites
To obtain customer feedback with respect to an order either from you or your recipient (to the extent permitted under the applicable law)
NOTE: Please note that you will receive communications with respect to fulfilling your order or for customer care purposes even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications.
For marketing purposes:
To keep you up-to-date with new products and services that we think will be of interest to you
To provide you with promotional offers
To personalise your experience with Myglobalflowers by providing products and information tailored to you through your purchasing history with us
To serve you with marketing advertisements based on your browsing history on our Websites, to the extent you use our Websites, through cookies on our Websites or a registered account with us.
Notify you of competitions and prize draw offers to enable you to enter and to notify you of any wins
For marketing through third parties:
If you use our Websites, then you may receive personalised advertisements of our products and services when browsing other Websites using the same computer or device you used to view our Websites. This marketing is enabled through the cookies collecting data of your online browsing behaviour. These cookies are operated either by Myglobalflowers or by a third party and the advertisements are provided through a third party. Details of our third party providers are available within Clause 9 of this policy.
You can remove or disable cookies at any time.
For internal business purposes:
We will use any of the personal data collected to help us to understand how many people visit our Websites, how well the Websites are working and to consider any improvements we may need to make to the Websites to improve your online experience. It also helps us determine what products and services you are interested in and what you or other customers might wish to purchase from us in future.
More specifically, we may use your personal data for the following internal business purposes:
To analyse your browsing and purchasing activity on our Websites, including any search terms you may have entered into our Websites
To analyse the demographic data we collect when you place your order or otherwise use our Websites including your title, address, IP address, browser type, and occasions for which you purchase flowers in order to offer you better products and services and improve our business
To analyse customers shopping with us to understand our target audience for the purposes of selecting similar customers for advertising purposes
To analyse delivery location data you provide when placing your order to understand the delivery logistics required for our delivery network
To analyse your responses to our marketing communications
To ensure our online content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your electronic device(s) i.e. tailored for a desktop computer, tablet, iPhone or Android
To obtain customer feedback with respect to an order either from you or your recipient (to the extent permitted under the applicable law) to determine the quality of the customer or recipient experience and to improve customer care experiences
To develop and provide new or improved products or services
For crime and fraud prevention, detection and related matters, including cooperation with the police and similar authorities with their lawful queries and investigations
To confirm your identity, as necessary
To comply with any legal obligation for the purposes of good governance or regulatory guidance with respect to applicable law
With respect to any legal claims or related guidance by our advisors
With respect to any mergers or acquisitions or other business or legal affairs as further described in Clause 5
3. When may you opt out of marketing communications?
You have the right to opt out of receiving direct marketing communications at any time. We will address your opt out request as soon as possible, but no longer than one month from the date we receive your request.
4. Cookie Policy
You are not required to accept cookies in order to make a purchase. For example, you may place an order through a direct mail or coupon campaign or through our customer call centre. However, by making a purchase through our Websites, you agree to our Cookie Policy, which includes more information about disabling cookies.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of registered and non-registered visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which is a small file stored on your browser. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser to prevent this happening - guidance for which is set out below. We also aggregate this data to perform statistical analyses of the characteristics and behaviour of visitors to our Websites. Cookies are also used as a further means of ensuring private and secure purchase sessions are operated within the Websites.
We may use third party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. Your browser can be modified to not accept cookies
For more information about cookies, including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies, please go to
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
5. When might we share your personal data with third parties?
We will share your personal data with certain third parties in order to fulfil and process your order, enable us to perform our contract to provide your purchase to you, provide our Websites and to provide you with marketing. The following is a list of types of third parties that may receive your personal data. Our third party providers are required to handle your personal data in accordance with appropriate data protection and security controls.
Myglobalflowers Member Florists/Fulfilment Partners:
Myglobalflowers shares data with our florists who are independently owned and operated businesses. Our florists are our distributors for the purposes of fulfilling and delivering your purchases. We also use other third party fulfilment partners such as wholesalers for certain products and postal and courier services. Our florists and fulfilment partners may contact you or the recipient to assist in fulfilling your order. More specifically, on some occasions, you or the recipient may be contacted to schedule delivery or verify delivery information and availability. To maintain our high quality standards, we may contact recipients to ensure satisfaction with their gift.
IT Suppliers and Vendors:
In order to manage our operations, Myglobalflowers contracts with third parties who provide security and technical services to protect our Websites, maintain databases of personal data for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and present Websites content.
Flower and Gifting Suppliers (other than Myglobalflowers Florist Members):
In order to fulfil customer orders, Myglobalflowers contracts with third parties who provide flowers, plants and gifting such as wine, chocolates, food and food hampers.
Financial/Payment Service Providers:
In order to process customer orders placed with us, Myglobalflowers contracts with payment service companies who process payment, ensure security of your transactions, and prevent or detect fraudulent transactions.
Marketing Service Providers:
Myglobalflowers contracts with third parties who:
provide email marketing, SMS (text) marketing, direct marketing campaigns
provide online advertising campaigns
maintain databases of personal data for marketing campaigns as outlined in this privacy policy
provide to us reporting of our marketing campaigns
provide services to facilitate ‘refer a friend’ offers as and when these are promoted
provide affiliate marketing services to us e.g. consumer discount websites
Market Research Providers:
In order to continually improve our customer experience, Myglobalflowers contracts with third parties who provide market research services which include collating and reporting of customer feedback, and collate and provide customer feedback via customer surveys.
Website Improvement:
In order to improve our online customer experience, Myglobalflowers contracts with third parties who help us identify and make improvements to our website, provide website traffic data and website performance analysis information, and provide analysis on website performance focused on customer experience.
Customer Service Providers:
In order to provide the best possible customer services to our customers, Myglobalflowers contracts with third parties who provide call handling services for the purposes of taking customer orders, customer order enquiries and dealing with any customer care issues and provide ‘Live Chat’ functionality.
6. Our lawful basis for processing personal data
Myglobalflowers relies on different lawful basis for processing personal data. In some cases, more than one lawful basis may apply with respect to the same personal data.
Contract: We collect and process personal data in order to fulfil the order you place with us, and in accordance with our contract with you to fulfil your order.
Legitimate Interest:
We collect and process personal data for our legitimate interests in fulfilling and processing your order, any customer care issues, to conduct research, to send email and direct marketing to you, handling legal claims, and for fraud identification and prevention checks. Such personal data includes the items detailed in Clause 3 under the title “For customer care purposes”, “For marketing purposes”, “For marketing through third parties” and “For internal business purposes”. With respect to any direct marketing we provide on the basis of a legitimate interest.
Consent:
In addition to the legitimate interests outlined above, we rely on the consent you have provided as the legal basis for our marketing communications. Please note that withdrawing your consent may not be sufficient to cease all communications or for us to delete your personal data since we may have another lawful basis or ongoing reason we need to keep personal data such as a new purchase or recordkeeping legal obligations. Please further note that if you make a purchase with us after you have withdrawn your consent, we may collect and use personal data in accordance with this privacy policy with respect to that purchase and you will be asked for consent for marketing communications again.
Legal Obligations:
Myglobalflowers is required to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations as well as industry standards and orders by courts with jurisdiction over Myglobalflowers. In doing so, we may collect and retain personal data. For example, Myglobalflowers creates and maintains records of your orders to maintain the tax and accounting records required by applicable laws, and to share such records with the tax authorities as and when required.
7. Your additional rights with respect to your personal data
You may have the following additional rights, detailed below:
Right to Erasure (also known as “the Right to be Forgotten”): For a limited list of reasons, you may request that your personal data is removed from our systems.
Right to Restrict: For a limited list of reasons, you may request that we cease using or that we suppress your personal data.
Right to Object: You may object to our use of your personal data.
Right to Data Portability: Where we use your personal data based on your consent or to enter or perform a contract with you, and our processing is carried out by automated means, you may request that any personal data you have provided to us be transmitted electronically to you or to another supplier (to the extent feasible).
Please note that if we erase all information about you and you make a future purchase or otherwise become a future customer, then we will not be aware of your prior requests or objections.
Contact details
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer whose role is to inform and advise us about and to ensure that we remain compliant with data protection laws. The Data Protection Officer should be your first point of contact. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
Email:
order
@myglobalflowers.com
Do you have any questions? Contact us
order@myglobalflowers.com