Back
Leek & Ribs Games Privacy Policy
Last update: February 11, 2023
This Privacy Policy aims to inform you about how information about you, including personal information, is collected, used and to whom and under what circumstances disclosed by Leek & Ribs Games ("Leek & Ribs", "we", "our" or "us"). This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect when you use the websites, games or other applications (collectively "Services") provided by us.
We are dedicated to protect the privacy rights of you. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that this Privacy Policy is limited to the information we collect through your use of our Services; we are not responsible for the information you provide to third parties and their actions.
By using our Services, you agree to our Terms of Service as well as this Privacy Policy and the collection, use and sharing of your data, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use our Services.
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. In this case, we let you know by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy or through other ways of communication, such as posting on our websites or in our games. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. It is important that you always review the updated Privacy Policy. If you continue using our Services after an update of this Privacy Policy, you indicate to us that you agree to the modified Privacy Policy. If you disagree, stop using our Services.
1 Information Collection And Use
We collect your information as described in the following sections. We store this information on our servers (hosted by Strato and Hetzner) located in Germany, as our headquarter is located there. Further, we may forward some of this information to third parties that store the information on their servers, which might be outside of Germany.
We do not disclose any of your information with any third party except as described in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required by law, for example to investigate fraud, respond to a government request or to protect our rights.
1.1 Websites
When using our websites, we may log some information automatically; this includes your operating system, your IP address, access and usage times, browser type, version and language as well as the website referring to us. In addition, if you access our websites through a mobile device, we may also automatically collect the name, type and hardware of your mobile device, device identifiers (IMEI, advertising identifiers, ...) and your device's MAC address. We use this information to monitor, analyze and improve our Services.
1.2 Mobile Applications
When you use any of our mobile applications, we may automatically collect information such as the name, type and hardware of your mobile device, device identifiers (IMEI, advertising identifiers, ...), your device's MAC address, your device's operating system and your IP address. We use this information to provide you with our Services, in order to fix problems and to better understand how you use our Services.
Some of our games may ask you to provide us a user name. In any case, we may automatically assign or derive a unique identifier that we store on your device and use to identify you when using our Services. We may collect information about your full game progress and all interactions within our games that we link to your unique identifier. We use and store this information in order to improve your experience with our games, for example by providing you a way to recover your game progress when switching to another device (cloud save). Further, we may use this information to provide leaderboards inside of our games. This means that other players may be able to see your chosen user name as well as your game progress within these leaderboards. We may associate this information with your IP address and unique identifiers in order to prevent abuse of our Services. All of this information is stored on our servers.
Your purchases and in-app purchases within our games are handled through the platform where you purchased / downloaded the game or through other payment processors, for example Google Play or the Apple App Store. We do not collect any billing information such as credit card numbers, however, we do collect information regarding the type and amount of purchase and link this information to your account / unique identifier. We do so in order to improve our games and provide you with customer service.
1.3 Customer Service
We collect your email address as well as message content when you contact us through the customer service. Our primary goal is to help and resolve your issues. We do not share your email address with anyone and only use it to help you with your issues.
1.4 Third Party Services
We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
Our Services may include third party services such as advertising services or analytics services. We use such third party services to improve our Services for you or to provide you with advertisements in our Services. Those third party services may access your information including, but not limited to, your operating system, your IP address, access and usage times, browser type, version and language as well as the websites or services referring to us. If you are accessing our Services through a mobile device, third party services may also collect information including, but not limited to, name, type and hardware of your mobile device, your device identifiers (IMEI, advertising identifiers, ...), your device's MAC address, your device's operating system, your IP address, your location and session activity data. Information collected this way may be transferred and / or stored on servers not controlled by us. Those third party services may also utilize tracking technologies such as cookies or beacons in order to remember and identify your device and other information related to you such as demographic or interest data. For example, this allows advertising services to provide you with ads you might find interesting and improve their service's performance. Third party services as mentioned in this section have their own privacy policies that address how they use your information. We encourage you to check their privacy policies and opt-out possibilities. In order to be compliant with GDPR, CCPA and other upcoming privacy and consent regulations, we offer you an explicit opt-in to advertising and analytics services throughout our Services. Further, you are able to review and change this decision at any time.
These are the third party services that we may use in our Services and share your data with:
AdMob (by Google) (https://policies.google.com/privacy, https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites, https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html)
Chartboost (https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269)
Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy)
Tapjoy (https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy)
Unity Ads (https://unity3d.com/de/legal/privacy-policy)
Firebase (by Google) (https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)
Kochava (https://www.kochava.com/support-privacy)
Google Play Games (https://policies.google.com/privacy)
Apple App Store (https://www.apple.com/privacy)
Game Analytics (https://gameanalytics.com)
ironSource (https://www.ironsrc.com)
InMobi (https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy)
AdColony (https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy)
AppLovin (https://www.applovin.com/privacy)
Vungle (https://vungle.com/privacy)
Tenjin (https://www.tenjin.com/privacy)
You may also see our Services being advertised in other services. For the advertiser to be able to verify your use of our Services as a consequence of the advertisement, a device identifier may be created and shared with the advertiser.
1.5 Use Of Your Information
Our main goal of collecting your information is to fully provide you with and improve our Services for you. For example, we use your information to provide you with a way to play our games, to better understand you in order to improve your experience with our Services, to respond to your support inquiries and to provide you with services that you request. Parts of your information may also be shared with other users in order to provide you and other users with social features of our Services, for example, your user name and game progress throughout our games' leaderboards.
1.6 Removing Your Information With Us
We will keep your information on our server as long as needed for our Services to work or as long as it helps us to improve our Services.
If you wish to delete your information with us, send us an email to
info@leekandribs.com
. Further, note that some of our games may not require an account or unique identifier from your side to be played and such we may not be able to verify your identity and delete your data.
2 Links To Other Services
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services that are not operated by us. We encourage you to always review the Privacy Policy of every third party website or service you use; we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any of those third party websites or services.
3 Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 14 ("Children") and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under the age of 14. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with personal information, please contact us at
info@leekandribs.com
. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a Children under age 14 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
4 Security
The security of your information that we collect is important to us and we employ state of the art techniques in order to provide the highest security. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of data storage is 100% secure and thus we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
5 Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your information with us, contact us at
info@leekandribs.com
.
Leek & Ribs Games UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
c/o Gerhard Grimm
Wilhelm-Marx-Strasse 14
D-90419 Nürnberg
Germany
•
•