←Go back
FREEMEDIA
INTERACTIVE PRIVATE LIMITED
PRIVACY
POLICY 2023 (“PRIVACY POLICY”)
GENERAL
Freemedia
Interactive Private Limited (“
Freemedia
”,
“
we
”,
“
our
”
or “
us
”)
	recognizes the importance of protecting personal details and
information and provides this Privacy Policy with respect to the
access and use of www.beatrootnews.com
and
mobile application (“
Sites
”)
	as owned and operated by us and/ or our affiliates and services
provided thereon by us and/ or our affiliates (“
Services
”).
	The term Sites will also include all pages that are sub-domains or
are associated or within each Site and all devices, applications,
features, technologies, functionalities and other services that
Freemedia operates or offers through such Sites.
For
	the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the user of Services may be
customers, or any other persons using Services or accessing Sites
(“
User
”,
“
you
”
or “
your
”).
	This Privacy Policy will help you understand our policies and
procedures regarding the collection, handling and use of your
information.
By
	using our Services through the Sites, you signify your assent to this
Privacy Policy and consent to the processing of your information
(personal information and/or sensitive personal data or information).
If at any time, an individual provides information about someone
other than himself or herself, the individual warrants that they have
that person’s consent to provide such Information for the purpose
specified.
If
	you are less than 18 years of age and would like to use the Services,
please ask your parent or legal guardian to review this Privacy
Policy on your behalf. By using the Services, you represent that you
are at least 18 years of age or your parent or legal guardian has
reviewed this Privacy Policy.
If
	you do not agree with this Privacy Policy do not, in any manner, use
our Services or download, install and/ or use the mobile application.
INFORMATION
		COLLECTION
We
	collect such information about you which is essential to operate our
business and to enable us to deliver and improve our Services. We may
obtain the following information about you and your device from which
you avail Services:
Profiling
			Information: For providing Services we require certain information
		for registration such as your name, gender, age, physical addresses,
	postal addresses, contact number, and email address, etc. Further,
	you may link your social media account like Facebook, Twitter,
	Gmail, etc. to our Sites and by linking such accounts, you authorise
	us to collect, store and use any information from such accounts to
	continue providing the Services. Further, we also collect and store
	your usernames, passwords, email addresses and other
	security-related information that you use for our Sites in relation
	to our Services. We may also collect details about how you use our
	Sites.
Transactional
			Information: When you choose any subscription package provided by
		us, we or our payment gateway provider may, upon your consent
	collect your billing information such as your bank details as
	mentioned on your credit or debit cards or other details that may be
	required for a successful transaction.
Third
			Party information: When you use our Service, third parties may track
		the information sent by your browser, including but not limited to
	your IP address, details of your visit such as amount of time spent
	on our Sites, mobile device, mobile operating system, etc.
Cookies:
			A cookie is an insignificant portion of data that is sent to the web
		browser of your device from which Site is accessed. If your web
	browser settings permit, cookies can be sent to your web browser for
	recording information about your online preferences and allowing us
	to cater to your interests in a better manner. You can set your
	browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the
	chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do accept a
	cookie, you thereby agree to our use of information collected by us
	using that cookie.
User-generated
			content: We offer you the ability to post content that other users
		can read. Anyone can read, collect and use any personal information
	that accompanies your posts.
Stored
			Information: We may collect any data or information either created
		by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our
	servers such as usernames, image files, documents, etc. or which may
	be required to display information to you through our Service.
Information
			from other sources: We may collect details of your browser,
		operating system, domain name, IP address, mobile application
	version and such other information that Freemedia is required to
	collect in order to provide a smooth mobile experience, including
	but not limited to SMS access, camera/ gallery/ contacts/ location
	access, for various functionalities within the application. If any
	of your information is publically available on social networking
	sites, we may also collect the same.
Public
			Information: Any personal information provided by you will not be
		considered as sensitive information if it is publicly available on
	social media sites. Further, any information posted or communicated
	by users on the public sections of the Sites becomes published
	content and is not considered personally identifiable information
	subject to this Policy.
PURPOSE
		& USE OF INFORMATION
We
	understand the importance of your Information and ensure that it is
used for the intended purpose. By accepting the terms of use you
agree that we may collect and store your Information, in accordance
with the applicable law and applicable data privacy standards
including EU GDPR, as long as you subscribe to or use our Services
subject to the limitations set out in this Privacy Policy:
We
			require the profiling information which includes details such as
		identity details, contact details, usernames and passwords in order
	to manage our relationship with you and provide Services to you.
We
			collect and track your interests and your reading experience using
		technology like algorithmic recommendations and machine learning so
	that we can personalise your reading experience.
To
			improve our Services, we need to constantly update and alter our
		business and marketing strategies for which we require the
	navigational and log information to determine and analyse the
	technology, operating systems, browsers, devices, locations from
	which our Services are used most or used least. In addition, such
	information collected will help us alert you in case of software
	compatibility issues.
We
			want to serve you better and therefore we require your
		correspondence information in order to enable us to learn about the
	information and content of communications by you such that we can
	deduce your feedback from such communications, analyse, endeavour to
	improve, ask you for further feedbacks, reply.
The
			data collected by cookies helps us track, analyse and understand
		User trends so as to enable us to understand lacunas (such as slow
	response time on our website page or application) and improve your
	interactive experience of using our Services, our web design,
	features and functionalities. The data also helps us to work with
	third parties to how you personalised advertisements based on the
	cookies and your use of our Services.
We
			access data or information stored by third party in case required
		for providing you uninterrupted and satisfactory Services or in case
	consented by you.
[Combinations
			of the information collected as mentioned in this Privacy Policy
		such as physical address, device information, email address when
	coupled with information which is not Information such as speed of
	typing, the maximum screen area usage, other patterns and data help
	us detect and protect Users and ourselves against errors, fraud, or
	other criminal activity.]
We
			use your Information to tell you about our services through the
		Sites or other channels, like social media companies, based on how
	you use our services and other Information we hold about you. We do
	this so we can make sure our marketing is useful. That includes
	instructing platforms to show or not show Freemedia advertisements
	to existing customers. We don’t share any identifying information
	with social media companies other than your mobile advertising ID.
	You can disable or reset your mobile advertising ID in your device’s
	operating system.
If
			you are from the European Economic Area, the legal basis for
		collecting and using the personal information described in this
	Policy depends on the personal data we collect. We clarify that all
	information stored by us is in accordance with applicable laws
	including European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“EU
	GDPR”). We may collect your data for the following purposes:
We
		need to perform a contract with you;
You
			have read this privacy policy and have given permission to us to do
	so;
The
			processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden
	by your rights;
For
		payment processing purposes;
To
		comply with applicable laws.
Further,
	we may use the data and Information collected/ stored as mentioned
above for improving our services, improving user experience,
strengthening our security checks, for analysis and for offering you
new features in the existing services you are availing or offering
new services which may be relevant for you. We collect and use some
of your Information in an aggregated form to compile statistical and
demographical profiles for our business and marketing activities and
to customise our Services to you.
DISCLOSURE
		OF INFORMATION
We
	do not disclose or share your Information with any third party until
essential for providing you Services; or for the below purposes in
accordance with this Privacy Policy:
Information
			security is critical to us and we will not share your Information
		with any other third parties except, and only to the extent
	necessary, for processing of payments, maintaining technology and
	related infrastructure, offering you customer service, presenting
	surveys and managing promotions and with such third parties with
	which Freemedia has entered into an applicable data processing
	agreement or adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with
	this Privacy Policy.
You
			acknowledge and agree that in the interests of improving
		personalisation, offering new features in the existing services you
	are availing, offering new products/ services which may be relevant
	for you and Service efficiency, we may, under controlled and secure
	circumstances, share your Information with our affiliates or
	associates.
We
			do not share, disclose or distribute any of your Information to any
		third party unless required under an arrangement between Freemedia
	and the third party for product enhancement, analysis, risk and
	security purposes, communication purpose, etc. For example,
	Freemedia may, itself or through third parties, send you e-mails,
	SMS, such other means to communicate, send reminders for payment,
	advertise its services, promote new products and activities or for
	your invaluable feedback.
We
			do not use your Information for marketing purposes unless we receive
	the express consent of the User.
In
			order to ensure that all our users comply with the user rules, we
		may monitor your Information to the extent that this may be required
	to determine compliance and/or to identify instances of
	non-compliance.
We
			may disclose the Information if requested or required to do so by
		applicable law including EU GDPR or by any court or governmental
	agency in the good faith that such disclosure is reasonably
	necessary to comply with any directive or order of a government
	entity or statutory authority or any judicial or regulatory
	authority or any law enforcement agencies in any official
	investigation including but not limited to cyber incidents,
	prosecution and punishment of offences. You agree that Freemedia has
	the right to monitor and to disclose Information as may be necessary
	to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request. We
	will cooperate with the appropriate law enforcement authorities in
	investigating claims of illegal activity.
We
			may transfer your Information or other information collected,
		stored, processed by Freemedia to any other entity or organization
	located in India or outside India only in case it is necessary for
	providing Services to you in connection with Application. Your
	consent by reading this Policy followed by your submission of such
	information represents your agreement to such transfer.
We
			will only disclose your Information in accordance with this Privacy
		Policy. If we want to use it for any other purpose, we will obtain
	your consent.
If
			you decline to submit Information to us, then we will unfortunately
	not be in a position to provide the Services to you.
If
			all or some of the business, stock or assets of Freemedia are
		acquired or merged with another business entity, we will share all
	or some of your Information with such entity to continue to provide
	the Service to you.
We
			may share your Information to enforce or protect our rights or any
		or all of its affiliates, associates, employees, directors or
	officers or when we have reason to believe that disclosing
	Information of User(s) is necessary to identify, contact or bring
	legal action against someone who may be causing interference with
	our rights or our Sites, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when
	anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
Freemedia
			does not control the acts of its Users. All Users should be aware
		that, when they disclose Information such as their name, e-mail
	address, etc. to third parties, the Information may be collected and
	used by others to send unsolicited e-mail from other parties, who
	may or may not be Users. In the event that you encounter any person
	improperly collecting or using information about Users, please
	contact us by emailing at info@beatrootnews.com.
SECURITY
		OF INFORMATION
We
			work to protect the security of your information during transmission
		by using appropriate security measures to protect against
	unauthorised access, disclosure or destruction of information such
	as using appropriate software, which encrypts information you input.
	This encrypted information is stored on secure Company controlled
	systems/ computers. Such information is secured behind a firewall
	and access to such information is password protected and limited to
	a number of employees and technical support agencies involved in the
	creation or maintenance of our website / applications involved in
	the management of the data centre who have physical access to these
	computers. Also, we use advanced security technology to prevent our
	computers from being accessed by unauthorized persons.
We
			have also implemented information security practices and standards
		and have in place information security programmes and policies
	containing managerial, technical, operational and physical security
	measures that are in compliance with the Indian laws and European
	Union General Data Protection Regulation including, so as to protect
	the Information provided to us from unauthorized access, use,
	modification, damage, disclosure or impairment. Further, we may from
	time to time use reasonable additional or alternative procedures to
	ensure the security and confidentiality of your Information through
	our Sites. All our data is hosted in facilities that are Green By
	Design — 100% Renewable energy through utility hydropower and are
	appropriately certified to ensure security of your data and
	information.
No
			data transmission over the internet is fully secure, so we cannot
		ensure or warrant the security of any information you submit to us.
	Further, we do not guarantee in any way, the security of any
	Information that you transmit or share on the Site; and you do so at
	your own risk.
If
			any security breach comes to our knowledge, then we may take all
		steps required to protect misuse of such Information and may attempt
	to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate
	protective steps.
Any
	of your information which you provide when you use our Services to an
open, public environment or forum including (without limitation) any
blog, chat room, community, classifieds or discussion board, (a) will
not be considered confidential, (b) will not be considered as
Information, and (c) is not subject to protection under this Privacy
Policy. Since such public environments are accessible by third
parties, it is possible that third parties may collect or use such
information for their own purposes. You should accordingly be careful
when deciding to share any of your Information in such public
environments. Please note that we are not liable to you or any third
party for any damages that you or any third party may suffer on
account of your disclosure of Information in any public environment.
DATA
		RETENTION
Our
	Sites have been designed to collect minimal data about users. This
gives you a richer experience, while helping us reduce our carbon
footprint. We do not store cookies or any kind of behavioural
information. We do not store your passwords directly and passwords
are encrypted for your privacy. We will retain your Information for
as long as your account is active or as needed to provide our
Services. We shall retain and use the Information collected by us as
necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or
for other business purposes. If you cancel/ deactivate/ unsubscribe
your account with us, we are not under any obligation to retain your
Information. However, we may retain your Information for a period of
[twelve (12) months] after you cancel/ deactivate/ unsubscribe your
account with us, as our business practice.
CHANGES
		TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Freemedia
	reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this
Privacy Policy at any time for any reason. In case, any changes are
made in the Privacy Policy, Freemedia shall update the same on the
[website/application]. Users should periodically review this page for
the latest information on our privacy practices. Once posted, those
changes are effective immediately, unless stated otherwise. Continued
access or use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of the
changes and the amended Privacy Policy. However, if you do not agree
with the changes, please do not continue to use the Services or
submit Information to us.
LINKS
		TO OTHER SITES
Links
			to third-party advertisements, third-party websites or any third
		party electronic communication service may be provided on the Sites
	which are operated by third parties and are not controlled by, or
	affiliated to, or associated with Freemedia unless expressly
	specified on the Sites. Such third party websites are governed by
	their respective privacy policies, which is beyond our control.
Freemedia
			is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever,
		received by you from any third party website. Accordingly, Freemedia
	does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices
	or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such third
	party websites, nor does Freemedia control or guarantee the
	accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text,
	software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or
	other materials available on such third party websites. The
	inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by Freemedia
	of the third party websites, the website's provider, or the
	information on the third party website. The information provided by
	you to such third party websites shall be governed in accordance
	with the privacy policies of such third party websites, and it is
	recommended that you review the privacy policy of such third party
	websites prior to using such websites.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
It
	is clarified that the consolidated Information of all Users which has
been collected by us or provided to us, is the property of Freemedia
and we may use it, in whole or in part, in our sole discretion and
without any compensation to you, for any legitimate purpose and you
hereby confirm that you have no objection to the aforesaid use of
your Information. Any unauthorised access to our Sites is a breach of
these terms and a violation of the law. You agree not to access the
Sites by any means other than through the interface that is provided
by Freemedia.
YOUR
		RIGHTS
You
have a right to:
Access
			the Information we hold about you, or to get a copy of it in a
		portable (machine readable) format or make us send it to someone
	else.
If you require a copy of the
	Information we have collected from you or you want us to share your
Information with a third party, please send us your request by email
on the info@beatrootnews.com.
Make
		us correct inaccurate data.
If you are a User, and would like
	to view the information we have collected from you or you want to
correct your information or details, please send us your request by
email on the
info@beatrootnews.com
.
Withdraw
		any consent you have given to us.
The User can at any time while
	availing the services or otherwise, withdraw his/her consent given
previously to Freemedia for collecting, receiving, possessing,
storing, dealing or handling Information of the User. You have the
ability, at any time during the provision of Services to you, to
delete or edit (in whole or in part), any data we have collected from
you. The controls are accessible through the “edit profile”
section in the member's dashboard area, after you login. Any deletion
or updation gets reflected in all our databases, including backups,
within 24 hours. In such case, Freemedia will unfortunately not be in
a position to provide the Services to you.
CONTACTING
		FREEMEDIA
If
	you have any questions, queries, concerns or feedbacks about this
Privacy Policy or our privacy related practices, please feel free to
contact us at on the ‘contact us’ page on our website www.beatrootnews.com
In
	case you have any grievance relating to the collecting, receiving,
possessing, storing, dealing or handling of Personal Information
provided by you, you may contact our Grievance Officer at grievances@beartootnews.com
←Go back