Privacy Policy
Timbo Jimbo Pty Ltd (hereafter may also be referred to as “We”, “Us”, "Our", “Timbo Jimbo”) cares about your privacy. Static Shift Racing (hereafter may also be referred to as “our game”, “the game”, "SSR", "app", "application") stores only what's relevant for gameplay and some anonymised analytics to help improve the game.
Your Consent
By using our apps, you consent to our Privacy Policy
1. Your Data
We create an SSR Account on our server for you that holds all of your game data. You may opt in to sign up with an existing account (Google Play, etc) so you always have a way to recover your SSR Account. Alternatively, you may opt to play as a Guest.
All of your game data is stored on our servers. This data is gameplay specific and does not contain information to personally identify you except if you link an existing service to your SSR Account in which case that information is only used for the purpose of authentication.
All communications between the game and its servers happen over HTTPs.
2. Analytics
We collect data about how players play the game - for example: which cars players buy the most and how fast players finish races. All this information is anonymised and can’t be linked back to your SSR Account.
If you have the “Share with App Developers” option enabled on your iOS device, Apple will share this data with us in a completely anonymised manner. This is governed by Apple’s Privacy Policy.
We collect crash reports and logs to improve the game. Information about your device (such as its make and model) are collected but this information is not associated with your SSR Account. We’ll know that the game crashed on someone's device, but we don’t know (or need to know) ‘whose’ device it was.
3. Testflight
Some users will have access to alpha/beta builds through Testflight. This requires us to provide Apple with the user's Name and Email address which is collected through a form subject to user consent. This process is subject to Testflight’s Privacy Policy.
4. Google Play Closed Testing
Some users will have access to alpha/beta builds through Testflight. This requires us to provide Google with the user's Email address which is collected through a form subject to user consent. This process is subject to Google Play’s Privacy Policy.
5A. Apple
SSR for iOS is distributed through the App Store and therefore the use of SSR is also subject to Apple’s Privacy Policy.
5B. Google
SSR for Android is distributed through Google Play and therefore the use of SSR is also subject to Google Play’s Privacy Policy.
5C. Unity
SSR is built using the Unity game engine and makes use of Unity Analytics and In App Purchasing SDK’s and therefore the use of SSR is also subject to Unity’s Privacy Policy.
6. Sharing Data
When Law Enforcement Agencies legally request for customer data, we are liable to provide such information which may include:
All email correspondences
All interactions over social media including private communications
All correspondences over social media are subject to the Privacy Policy of that service and are beyond the scope of this policy.
Since we do not collect any personally identifying information from you (with the exception of any services you’ve linked to your SSR Account), our scope of identifying a customer and therefore being able to share such information is very limited.
7. Contact
You can contact us regarding questions or concerns over this policy at:
hello@timbojimbo.com
8. Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to update our privacy policy without notifying our users and customers.