Worldwide Support and Service
Free worldwide delivery
Make Wind Pay
WINDCRANE takes your privacy seriously.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. This privacy policy covers the WINDCRANE's treatment of personal information that the WINDCRANE collects when you visit the WINDCRANE website. WINDCRANE collects personal information when you register for updates or submit forms on the WINDCRANE website.
The information requested on registering with the WINDCRANE will be your name and email address. Additional information such as age and address may be requested, if necessary. WINDCRANE uses the information collected to keep you updated on website developments, to advertise new products and services, to fulfil your request for certain products and for customer feedback. WINDCRANE will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
The WINDCRANE will respond to any Court Order or legitimate request by authorities for personal information, with which they must comply or in connection with any legal process. You may request amendment or deletion of your details at any time by contacting us, clearly stating your name, address and email identifier.
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their job.
The WINDCRANE may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages. ​
Cookies - What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer by a website, which typically contains two pieces of information: the site's name and a unique ID. There are many uses for cookies, such as website authentication (logging into a website), website analytics (number of site visitors, browser types etc.), storing site preferences, saving items to a shopping cart or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data.
How do we use them?
WINDCRANE website uses cookies for a number of reasons. However, they do not contain any personal information about you and cannot be used to identify an individual. Third party suppliers and cookies We reserve the right to utilise third party suppliers/services to supplement our charitable services. We ensure that all third party suppliers meet strict security and privacy standards that are inline with our own policies. For example, we use Google Analytics to find out more about the ways in which people use our site, so that we can provide a better user experience. Learn more about Google's privacy policy.
If you do not want cookies
You can choose not to accept cookies. However, since cookies are maintained by your web browser, the method of enabling or disabling them will greatly depend on which browser you are using. You should be able to find instructions on how to do this in your browser's Help files ​
More about cookies You can
learn more about cookies at Wikipedia
Over a decade of measuring
wind for professionals
With our super customers we have reached this
2100+
Users
400+
Companies
70+
Countries
Top
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
We use cookies on this website to make your visit run smoothly and to give us statistics that help us plan future enhancements. For more information, please see our
privacy policy
.