Eligible users of Stena Line Life get access to additional features after sign in:
Sign In
i
About
App Data Privacy
Responsible for the processing of your data in this
communication
app is Stena Line Scandinavia AB.
This app
is meant for suppliers, partners and employees
.
The purposes of this app are to be informed with news and important information regarding the company
, employment
as well as to be able to interact with
each other
. With this app on your mobile device you receive updates on the go, you’re always up to date and there is no intranet access required.
The data in the app will be stored for as long as you are
registered in the app
and you have installed the app on your mobile device.
For technical support reasons, data may be shared with the app’s supplier Staffbase GmbH. For more information, see the
Staffbase’s privacy policy
.
Data will not be shared with any other external party.
All data processing will be in the EU/UK.
Data Linked to You
The following data, which may be collected and linked to your identity, may be used for the following purposes:
Analytics
Usage Data
Other Usage Data (activity and interaction with the app)
App Functionality
Contact Info
Email address
Name
Job title
Information about department and/or vessel
Telephone number
Identifiers
User ID (an internally assigned account ID)
Diagnostics
Other Diagnostic Data (data collected for the purposes of measuring technical diagnostics related to the app)
Other Purposes (depending on personal usage)
User Content
Photos or Videos
Audio Data
Other User Content
Data Subjects Rights and Controls
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
know whether we hold personal data about you and, if we do, to access that information;
have your personal data corrected or updated;
have your personal data deleted;
have us restrict the processing of your personal data;
have your personal data transferred to another controller, to the extent possible;
complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights please contact us via
dpo@stenaline.com
. Please make sure to clarify what request you have in the email subject line. Keep in mind, we might ask for additional information to verify your identity, before we can start working on your request. We may not always be able to fulfil your request, for instance if we have a legal obligation or a legitimate interest to keep your information.
In case you have given us your consent to process certain information, you may withdraw your consent at any time. In that case we will stop processing the relevant information unless we’re legally required to keep the information.
We do not use your data for any automated decision making techniques (profiling) that have a legal or similarly significant effect on you.
Contact
Stena Line Scandinavia AB
405 19 Gothenburg
Sweden
dpo@stenaline.com
www.stenaline.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://staffbase.com/en/privacy-policy-app/:
This page is no longer available.
visit staffbase.com