Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected Diva Chat and its associated applications and websites (we, us or Diva Chat), operated by DC Tech Bilisim Hizmetleri Ltd. Sti., how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our mobile applications and websites, (the "Services") or transacting business with us. By using our Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.
What Information We Collect
The types of information that we collect fall under two general categories: personally identifiable information (PII) and non-personally identifiable information (non-PII). PII consists of any information that can be used to specifically identify you as an individual, whereas non-PII consists of aggregate information or any information that does not reveal your identity. The following sections describe how your PII and non-PII are collected by us, and how we use such information.
Members accept in advance that their profiles will be published on the services of the partnership of DC Tech Bilisim Hizmetleri Ltd. Sti.
How We Collect and Use Information
• Log Files. Any time you visit any of our websites, our servers automatically gather information from your browser (such as your IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. For example, we may log your IP address for system administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not share the log files externally.
• Cookies. We use "cookies" to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting our website or using our services. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. We rely on cookies for the proper operation of our website; therefore, if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website will not function properly. Users who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality. We do not link the cookies to any PII.
• Web Beacons. "Web beacons" (also known as "clear gifs" and "pixel tags") are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize our website for our users and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors. We may also use web beacons in e-mail communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers. We do not link the web beacons to any PII.
• Information About You. When you register or subscribe to any of our services, we collect information about you. Your individual responses to the questions about your personality in our questionnaire will be held strictly confidential, while other non-PII about yourself (such as first name, occupation, height, etc.) will be used to build your "My Profile." We may also display your marital status and most recent log-in date and other profile/account information to your matches. Finally, for interactive content and community services such as advice where you may choose to have a public profile, we may display your information to other community members and visitors. You may choose to provide us with your photo(s) and by providing us such content, you agree that we may make them available to your matches and users of Diva Chat’s services. Unless otherwise stated in this privacy statement, we do not disclose your PII to your matches or other users of our services.
• Payment Information. To make payments, we may require your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, bank account number and credit card information. Such information is used primarily to process your order or as otherwise described herein. Credit card transactions are processed through industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or strong encryption (3DES) by a third party, which only uses your information for that purpose.
• E-mails and Telephone Calls. We require a mobile phone number and/or an e-mail address from you when you register for our services. We use your e-mail/phone number for both transactional (e.g., order confirmation, refund and renewal processing, notifying your matches) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers) purposes. E-mail messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. If you would rather not receive promotional e-mails from us, please see the section below labeled "Choice/Opt-Out". We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Diva Chat services, such as service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. We may also contact you by telephone or text message (including any wireless number you may provide to us) solely in connection with Diva Chat’s services. We fully comply with the requirements of the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act.
• Demographic Data. Demographic data is also collected on our site. We use this data to tailor our visitors’ experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Some of this information may be shared with advertisers on a non-personally identifiable basis.
• Online Survey Data. We may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. We encourage our members to participate in such surveys because they provide us with important information regarding the improvement of our services. You may also volunteer for certain surveys that we may offer to our users, and any additional rules regarding the conduct of such surveys will be disclosed to you prior to your participation. We do not link the survey responses to any PII, and all responses are anonymous.
Disclosure of Your Information to Third Parties
• Disclosure By Law. You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend Diva Chat’s, or a third party’s, rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.
• Disclosure to Protect Abuse Victims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this privacy statement or our Terms and Conditions of Service, we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information that you submit to the services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason to suspect, that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in any form. Abuse may include, without limitation, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Information may be disclosed to authorities that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure. Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we are permitted to make such disclosure.
• Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties By Us. We may share your non-PII with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your identity. We may share your PII, sometimes in conjunction with your non-PII, with service providers that may be associated with us to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not be used for any other purpose than that which we have authorized. In addition, from time to time, we may share PII (such as e-mail or mailing address) about our user base with carefully selected third parties, so they can offer goods and services that we believe may be of interest to our users. If you do not wish to receive offers from our trusted partners, you can change your e-mail preferences at any time by following the steps outlined in the "Choice/Opt-Out" section below.
• Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties at Your Request. When purchasing a Diva Chat subscription or while visiting our site, we may provide you with advertisements, promotions, sweepstakes and offers from third party providers. If you choose to accept any such offers, you may either (depending on the situation) directly provide your information in connection with the offer to such a third party provider, or we will provide your information, including billing information, to the third party provider by pre-populating the offer registration forms. Your information will not be transferred until you actually accept the offer. You may opt out of the offer at any time up until this point. Please refer to the third party provider’s own privacy policy (provided on the offer pages) if you have any questions regarding how your information is used by such providers. Please be aware that these offers may be presented on pages framed by a Diva Chat website. We do this to provide a seamless experience. Although these offer pages have the look and feel of our websites, you will be submitting your information directly to the third-party advertiser. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings, including the sharing of the information you supply to us with third party providers described here, or as the result of the presence of such providers on a Diva Chat site.
• Information Transferred As a Result of Sale of Business. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, your PII may be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we are acquired by another company, your PII may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. If this occurs, you will be notified if there are any material changes to the way your PII is collected or used.
• If you connect to the Service using credentials from a Third Party Application (e.g., Facebook), you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials. We may also collect other information available on or through your Third Party Application account, including, for example, your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth, gender, friends’ names and profile pictures, and networks. Based on your permissions, some additional information can be shared with Third Party Applications and with others through Third Party Applications.
Third-Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising agencies or other service providers to serve ads on our website on behalf of Diva Chat or third-party advertisers (e.g., retailers of goods or services). These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is completely anonymous.
We will only share your information with third parties in the ways defined in this privacy statement.
Age Restrictions
Our age restrictions for different services are set forth in each applicable Terms and Conditions of Service. We do not aim our sites or services at children under the age of 18, and in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we may receive from users we believe to be under the age of 18 will be purged from our database.
Security
We have extensive security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information stored in our database. These measures include the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or strong encryption (3DES) technology during credit card transactions and administrative access to site data, as well as other proprietary security measures which are applied to all repositories and transfers of user information. We will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, but given that no information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and hence accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.
Links to or Access from Other Sites
You may be able to access your account or the content of your account from third party sites, such as social networking sites, by way of various applications. The privacy policies and practices of such sites in connection with information you disclose on such sites may differ from the practices of Diva Chat as set forth in this privacy statement, and you should review their policies and practices to ensure that the privacy of the information you submit on their site does not conflict with and is consistent with how you wish your information to be treated. Such sites may also place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of any other websites that may provide access to, or be linked to or from, this site, including that of any social networking sites and third party advertisers whose offerings require you to navigate away from our site.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may use the following options for removing your information from our e-mail database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and newsletters.
1. Click on the "unsubscribe" link on the bottom of the e-mail.
2. Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional e-mails you wish to opt out of:
support@divavideochat.com
3. For the Diva Chat service, select our Help link from your account home page, or send us an e-mail and our customer care agents will be happy to assist you.
Updating Your Information
Diva Chat provides users the following options for changing and modifying information previously submitted.
1. For the Diva Chat service, select our Help link from your account home page, or send us an e-mail and our customer care agents will be happy to assist you.
2. For any services where you have an account page, you may change your credit card (if applicable), e-mail address, password and other information from the account settings or preferences page; or
3. You can send mail to the postal address listed above, providing us with your account information and letting us know which information you wish to update.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with any Diva Chat websites, you can contact: support@divavideochat.com
Site Administrator
Ataturk mah. Sedef Cad. Ata 2 No:3 Atasehir / Istanbul Turkey
Acceptance of Privacy Statement
Your use of our website(s), including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement and the applicable Terms and Conditions of Service. BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement page and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as e-mail, at our discretion.
Your continued use of any portion of our website following posting of the updated privacy statement will constitute your acceptance of the changes.