Free SEO Consultation
Privacy Policy
We believe this policy should give you confidence whenever you use our services.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our site. You may provide your name, email address, phone number, website address, or other information during this process. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your data for?
Any of the information we collect may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (
your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
)
To improve customer service (
your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (
SSL
) technology and then encrypted into our database. This information is only accessed by those with special access rights to our systems, and they are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Only the freshest baked ones! (Yes, we use cookie tracking for analytical purposes.)
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may release your information when we believe the release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights, the rights of others, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Email:
privacy@outpaceseo.com
Phone:
1 (405) 544-0208
Web:
www.outpaceseo.com