We're sorry but litely-web doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Privacy Policy
At Lighter Life LTD, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Lighter Life LTD, the provider of the Litely app (“Litely,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. Our mobile application (the “App”) hosts an online fasting community where users can access resources, set goals, and track long-term progress (such services, including our web-based platform found at
https://www.litely.life/
(the “Site”) and the App, are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the “Service”).
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our Terms of Service. AGREEMENT: Before using the Service or submitting any Personal Data to Litely, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions. By using the Service, you expressly consent to Lighter Life LTD's collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site/ the App or otherwise use the Service.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”) as follows:
Personal Data You Provide: We collect the following categories of Personal Data from you when you create an account, use the Service, or communicate with us:
Identification Data: We collect your name, email address, and unique identifiers assigned by third party platforms (such as analytics or communication tools). If you sign up using credentials from a third party account such as Apple, we may collect your name and email address from the applicable third party.
Fasting Data: we collect information relating to your fasts, such as the length of your fasts and the information contained in the notes you submit relating to your fasts
Health Data: We may collect your resting heart rate, weight, and sleep data, either directly from you or from Apple Health or Google Fit, if you choose to provide such information. We may also collect certain medical condition information, including data relating to Type 1 Diabetes, Type 2 Diabetes, PCOS, Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, Obesity (BMI), and Eating Disorder, if you choose to provide it to us. Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, (a) we use Health Data only to provide the Service and not for advertising and (b) we will not disclose Health Data for advertising, marketing, or use-based data mining not needed to provide the Service.
Communication Data: We may collect information when you contact us with questions or concerns and when you voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys or requests for market research seeking your opinion and feedback. Providing this information is optional to you.
Demographic Data: We collect your age and gender if you choose to provide them during sign-up.
Social Media Data: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter (“Social Media Pages”). When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we will collect Personal Data that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details. In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages.
Internet Activity Data: When you visit, use, and interact with the Service, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions. For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit the Service, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited, the domains our visitors come from (e.g.,
google.com
,
yahoo.com
, etc.), and which browsers people use to access the Service (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), broad geographical information, and navigation pattern. In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
Log Data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site. Log Data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site. Such Log Data is also collected when you interact with the App.
Cookies Data: Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.
Device Data: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Usage Data: We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
Location Data: We may derive a rough estimate of your location from your IP address. We may also collect your location using GPS coordinates if you choose to provide it through the App.
Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies).
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
We may deliver a file to you through the Service (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. You may be able to opt-out of web beacon tracking conducted by third parties through our Service by adjusting the Do Not Track settings on your browser; please note that we don’t control whether or how these third parties comply with Do Not Track requests.
Advertising networks may use cookies to collect Personal Data. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org
and follow the opt-out instructions there.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third party service providers, including Facebook, may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site and use that information to send targeted advertisements. Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do respond to DNT signals in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy to describe how we do so.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We use the information we collect for the following purposes.
PROVIDE AND MAINTAIN THE SERVICE
We use the information we collect to deliver the Service to you and honor our Terms of Service for each Service or business contract with you. For example,
to administer, operate, maintain and secure our Service;
to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Service;
for accounting, recordkeeping, backup and administrative purposes;
to customize and improve the content of our communications, websites and social media accounts;
to provide customer service and support;
to communicate with you, including responding to your comments, questions and requests regarding our Service; and
to process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including alerts and notifications about your service, purchase confirmations and invoices; and
to educate and train our workforce in data protection and customer support.
For the Service’ social features, we may use your information to help you find and connect with other users and to allow other users to find and connect with you. For example, your account contact information allows other users to add you as a friend. When another user has your email or mobile phone number in their contact list or in their friend network on a connected service, we may show that user that you are a user of the Service.
IMPROVE, PERSONALIZE, AND DEVELOP THE SERVICE
We use the information we collect to improve and personalize the Service and to develop new ones. For example, we use the information to troubleshoot and protect against errors; perform data analysis and testing; conduct research and surveys and develop new features and Service.
COMMUNICATE WITH YOU
We use your information when needed to send you Service notifications and respond to you when you contact us. We also use your information to promote new features or products that we think you would be interested in. You can control marketing communications and most Service notifications by using your notification preferences in account settings or via the “Unsubscribe” link in an email.
PROMOTE SAFETY AND SECURITY
We use the information we collect to promote the safety and security of the Service, our users and other parties. For example, we may use the information
to authenticate users;
to facilitate secure payments;
to respond to a legal request or claim, conduct audits, and enforce our terms and policies;
to investigate and protect against fraud, malicious or unauthorized access, and other illegal activities; and
to demonstrate and verify compliance with our internal policies and procedures, and applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations, such as HIPAA and GDPR.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF DE-IDENTIFIED INFORMATION
“De-identified” means that we have removed, or rendered unreadable through complex computational algorithms, your personally-identifiable information, such as your name, address, or birthdate. We may use de-identified information that we have obtained from our Service for various purposes, including for example:
In accordance with regulatory requirements, we may de-identify, store and use your information for internal quality control, validation and research and development. This is important for Lighter Life LTD to maintain high quality Service. We may use de-identified information as permitted by law.
We may contribute de-identified genetic variants that we have observed in the course of providing our Service to publicly available databases such as ClinVar. We do this to increase understanding and raise awareness of the significance of genetic variants within the medical and scientific communities.
We may use or disclose de-identified information for general research and communications purposes. This may include analysis of this information to communicate observations and learnings, for example in the case of aggregated data. This may also include research collaborations with third parties, such as universities, hospitals or other laboratories, in which we utilize de-identified clinical cases, at the individual level or in the aggregate, in accordance with our study protocols, and we may present or publish such information. This may also include commercial collaborations with private companies for purposes such as to determine the prevalence of particular disorders or variants among the patients we have tested, or to determine whether any of the patients we have tested might be suitable for potential recruitment for research, clinical trials, or clinical care; however, we will not directly contact these patients about these opportunities without their prior written consent.
We use cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described above.
For personal data subject to the GDPR, we rely on several legal bases to process the data. These include when you have given your consent, which you may withdraw at any time using your account settings and/or other tools; when the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, like the Terms of Service; and our legitimate business interests, such as in improving, personalizing, and developing the Service, marketing new features or products that may be of interest, and promoting safety and security as described above.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Litely does not sell your Personal Data. In certain circumstances we may share the categories of Personal Data described above without further notice to you, unless required by the law, with the following categories of third parties:
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers, including providers of cloud hosting/computing services, database providers, email delivery and in-app/push messaging services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, content monitoring services, and web, subscription, and app analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us. We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure our service providers adhere to the security standards we apply to your Personal Data.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Other Users: Certain user profile information, including your name, location, and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Service, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Service or address your request for our Service. Please remember that any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Data or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, blogs, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by anyone. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Service and other users can contact you through messages and comments.
Health Apps: Through the Service you can share your Health Data with other health Apps (We will not share Health Data with Advertisers (defined below) under any circumstances.
Advertisers: We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the Demographic and Location Information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that we may provide Demographic and Location Information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in New York City to show you ads or offers for New York City businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are. Or, we might allow Advertisers to display their ads to users with similar usage patterns to yours, but we will not disclose Internet Activity Data to Advertisers except in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Note that if an advertiser asks us to show an ad to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the Advertiser may know that you clicked on the ad and conclude that you fit the description of the audience the Advertiser was trying to reach.
DATA RETENTION
We keep Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting, or other purposes), whichever is longer.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
Please log in to your account or contact us if you need to change or correct your Personal Data.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS DISCLOSURES
Where provided for by law and subject to any applicable exceptions, California residents may have the following rights:
To know the categories of Personal Data that Litely has collected about you, the business purpose for collecting your Personal Data, and the categories of sources from which the Personal Data was collected;
To access the specific pieces of Personal Data that Litely has collected about you;
To know whether Litely has disclosed your Personal Data for business purposes, the categories of Personal Data so disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your Personal Data;
To have Litely, under certain circumstances, delete your Personal Data; and
To be free from discrimination related to the exercise of these rights.
If you would like to exercise any or all of these rights, you may do so by contacting us. Your authorized agent may submit requests in the same manner. Once we receive your request, we will verify your identity by sending an email to the email address you provide to us.
Please contact us if you have questions about your rights or our disclosures under the CCPA, or to request access to an alternative format of this Privacy Policy.
OUR POLICIES FOR CHILDREN
Our Service is directed toward adults. If you are under the age of 16, you must obtain the authorization of a responsible adult (parent or legal custodian) before using or accessing our Our Service. We will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from any children under the age of 16 on our Our Service. If we become aware that we have collected any personal information from children under 16, we will promptly remove such information from our systems.
OTHER WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Litely, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). In certain situations, Third Party Sites may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Service (either alone or jointly with us). One such service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit information between your Service profile and your accounts at Third Party Sites. The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
SECURITY
You use the Service at your own risk. We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Data both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Litely via the Internet. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
By using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Data will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers in the United States.
YOUR CHOICES
In certain circumstances providing Personal Data is optional. However, if you choose not to provide Personal Data that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features. You can also contact us to ask us to update or correct your Personal Data at support@mail.litely.life [You may also delete your account. Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the account and certain activity generated prior to deletion may remain stored by us and may be shared with third parties as detailed in this Privacy Policy.]
EXCLUSIONS
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through the Services or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Service and our business may change from time to time. As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us at our designated request address: support@mail.litely.life.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps