Gamestar Plus Privacy Policy
Effective as of October 1, 2021
At Gamestar Plus, we respect and care to protect and respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how Gamestar Interactive, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
(“Interactive”), Gamestar Gaming, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Gaming”), (Interactive and Gaming, collectively “Gamestar,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collect, use, and protect certain information, including your personal information, and the choices you can make about that information.
We are an online platform and app that creates functional, interactive family-style game content and enhanced game experiences. When you use our mobile and online applications, visit our websites, subscribe, create, and/or update your account, or contact our customer service (collectively, the “Services”), we may collect information from or about you.
Please read this Policy carefully. By continuing to use our services or by signing up to our services, you confirm that you have read and understood this privacy policy in its entirety and acknowledge the data collection practices and purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect About You
We collect information from and about you in connection with your use of the Services as described below. Some of this information may be considered “Personal Information” or “Personal Data” (as defined under applicable law) which is information that identifies you or your device or is reasonably associated with you. We also collect, use, and disclose de-identified, anonymized, and/or aggregated information that does not reasonably identify you or your device, and is not considered Personal Information.
Information You Give Us:
We collect the following information that you provide:
Registration Information.
When you register/subscribe to our service, create or update an account, customize your profile, sign up to receive notifications, newsletters, post ratings or comments, set preferences or parental controls within the Services, we may collect the information you provide, such as your name and email address.
Payment and Billing Information.
When you purchase a subscription, we collect certain payment and identity verification information, including your name, email address, physical address, and payment/credit card information.
Information You Post on our Services.
We may collect information when you post content to our Services like comments, which may include your username, preferences, likes, interests, pictures, and references to your online presence.
Your Correspondence and Your Feedback about Our Services.
We collect the information you provide when you contact us directly, write feedback, comments, or suggestions regarding our Services directly to us.
Information You Provide About Others.
Sometimes, we may collect the information you may provide about others-- for example, to refer a relative or friend to our Services such as names, emails.
Other information about You.
We may also collect information that relates to or is capable of being associated with you, such as passwords, your preferences and interests, age, gender, and any other information you choose to provide.
Information Collected Automatically
When using our Services, including on third-party platforms, we, and our service providers operating on our behalf, may automatically collect or receive certain information associated with you or your device(s), such as your computer, mobile devices, smart TV, or other streaming devices. This includes information about your use of our Services and your preferences. Such information may be automatically collected through device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts, or other technology.
The information we automatically collect may also include geolocation information, such as (a) information that identifies the precise location of your mobile device and (b) your IP address, which may be used to estimate your approximate location.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
We also receive your personal information from other sources. The information we receive from these third-party sources includes identifiers, demographics, internet or other electronic network activity information, location information, and inferences regarding your preferences or other characteristics. Specifically, we receive such information from these types of third parties:
Location resources. We engage service providers to help us determine your location from your IP address or other information to customize our services to your location and for other purposes addressed in this Policy;
Business partners. We may work with business partners that provide platforms on which our content is offered which collect and handle personal information subject to their own privacy policies. We also may work with partners that help us conduct events or promotions. These partners may share certain personal information with us, which we will handle in accordance with this Policy;
Payment processors. We engage payment processors to assist in handling the transactions you make through our Services. These companies may provide us with information about your transactions (e.g., last four digits of a payment card, date of approved payment, amount paid) as well as personal information that we need to fulfill your order (e.g., name, shipping address, items purchased);
Online and offline data providers. These companies provide us with demographic information, information about your online activities or interests inferred from those activities, inferences regarding the various devices you may use to access the Services or other online services; and other personal information (e.g., inferred age, gender, contact information, device data, types of products that may interest you);
Social media sites. You may be able to log in to certain Services using certain social media credentials or use certain social media tools (e.g., like or sharing tools) on the Services. The social media site will collect your information separately from us. You should review the social media platforms’ privacy policies to understand how they are using your information and your rights regarding their processing of your information;
Gifts. When other individuals purchase Services for you as a gift, we may require them to provide us with personal information about you for us to deliver the gift to you (e.g., email address). Please note that we may collect personal information from you in our initial correspondence (e.g., through Cookies in emails) and we may require you to provide, or otherwise collect, personal information in order to provide you with the requested Services, as described above.
2. How and Why We Use Your Information
We may use information, as permitted by applicable law, for the following reasons:
To provide you with our Services or perform our contracts with you.
We may use your information to create, manage, and authenticate your account or subscriptions and provide customer support and account updates. We also may use your information to complete your requested transactions and perform our contractual obligations with you or to ensure that our Services function properly.
To improve our Services.
We may use your information to monitor, analyze, optimize, and improve the operation, delivery, development, and general accessibility of our Services as well as to identify popular features to customize the Services.
To maintain the safety and security of our Services.
We may use your information to protect ours and others’ rights and property and to comply with our legal obligations, including to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and other illegal activities and to enforce our agreements.
For marketing purposes and to provide you with ads or information that we think would be of interest to you.
We may use your information to send promotional messages and newsletters such as via email, text messaging, or push notifications. These might be our own offers or products or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the Your Choices and Rights section of this Policy.
We may use information for you to participate in public and/or interactive features of the Services.
We may use your information when you post comments, feedback, or other content on our website and/or Services.
We may use information as otherwise permitted by law.
We may use your information to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise required by law.
3. To Whom and When We Share Information
As part of a corporate transaction.
We may disclose or transfer your information as part of, or during negotiations for, any purchase, sale, lease, merger, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, or financing.
Third-party Service Providers.
We may share your information with service providers or individuals we hire or work with that provide us with professional advice, business support, or perform services on our behalf, including, among other services, customer support, web hosting, information technology, payment processing, direct mail and email distribution, and analytics services. These Service Providers are allowed to use your information only for the designated purpose to help us provide our Services and not for any other purpose.
Business partners.
We will share information about you with third parties when you engage in certain activities on the Services that are sponsored by third parties. For example, you may choose to purchase content or products offered by a third party or elect to receive information or communications from a third party. When you engage in such third-party offerings, we may share information (e.g., your e-mail address) with third parties for the offerings in order to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, or otherwise for our legitimate business interests in providing the most interesting offerings to our users and in developing future business. Our partners use the information that we provide as described in their privacy policies.
To comply with the law or to protect ourselves.
For example, we will share information when it is necessary for us to comply with applicable law or legal process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect our rights or the property or personal safety of our users, employees, or the public consistent with applicable law.
4. RETENTION OF INFORMATION
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to carry out the purposes set forth in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law or is necessary to protect our rights. We store your personal information for as long you maintain a Gamestar Plus account or subscription. When your account or subscription is over, we may retain certain personal information for purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, preventing fraud or misuse of promotions, and protecting our rights and interests.
5. SECURITY
We use reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security safeguards to protect the information that we collect or receive against loss and unauthorized access, use, modification, or disclosure. Please be aware that, despite our ongoing efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information that you transmit to us over networks that we do not control, including Internet and wireless networks.
6. Your Choices and Rights
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
Opt-out of receiving our marketing emails.
To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the opt-out instructions in any of our marketing emails. When applicable, you can also change your account preferences to opt-out. Please note Even if you opt-out of getting marketing emails, we are still permitted to send you transactional messages e.g. an email regarding a purchase you made.
Change or update the information you have given us.
If you have an account or subscription to one of our Services, you can correct or delete information or update account settings by logging into your account and following the instructions or by contacting the customer service team.
Ad choices
settings and options will vary depending on your browser and device settings, and they can change based on that thus this cannot be a comprehensive description Please note that your opt-out choices will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. We encourage you to explore your device and browser settings to better understand your choices. On many mobile devices, you can control interest-based advertising through your device’s settings. These options can include resetting your device’s advertising ID or selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt-out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) in your device settings.
Push Notifications.
When you use any of our Services that send push notifications or offers to your mobile device, you can change your preferences at any time through the settings on your mobile device.
Precise Location.
You can withdraw consent for our collection, use, and transfer of precise location information by adjusting the location settings on your device.
Connected Devices and Our Partners’ Services.
Connected devices (such as tablets, connected TVs, set-top boxes, streaming devices, and gaming consoles) may also use an advertising ID or other methods to identify you or serve you interest-based advertising. In some cases, you can disable tracking by selecting options like “limit ad tracking” or disabling options like “interest-based advertising” in your connected device’s settings. These options will vary by device and we do not control the policies or practices of third parties’ providing these devices. We are not responsible for tracking on connected devices or our business partners’ services and/or any choices you may have made with respect to tracking on connected devices or our business partners‘ services.
7. Children
You must be 16 or over to subscribe to our services. Our services are not intended to be used by children without a parent or guardian’s participation and approval. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. If you are a child and we learn that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from you from our site, then we will delete that information as soon as possible. Please contact us at support@gamestarplus.com if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child.
8. California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California, you may have certain rights regarding personal information collected, including the rights to: access and know about the processing of your personal information (including the categories of personal information we collect, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected, the sources of such information, our reasons for collecting the information, and the categories of recipients); request that we delete your personal information (although we may be permitted by law to retain certain information for specific purposes); and to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration, which you may exercise by clicking here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
“Shine the Light” Law.
Also, if you are a State of California resident, you may request and obtain once a year, for free, a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. as well as the type of “personal information” disclosed to those parties. You may exercise these rights without fear of unreasonably being denied goods or services. Please send any such request to (support@gamestarplus.com).
If you would like to request access to or deletion of your personal information, please submit your request to (support@gamestarplus.com). We may need to verify your identity using your account information and may require government identification.
Please note that for deletion requests, we may need to retain certain personal information to comply with our legal obligations or for other permitted purposes. You also have the option to designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. This requires a valid power of attorney or written and signed permission from you. If your authorized agent relies on your written and signed permission, we may need to verify your identity as described above and may directly contact you to confirm the validity of the request.
Do Not Track.
Our websites and apps are not designed to respond to “do not track” requests from browsers.
Cookies.
Please see our Cookies Policy for information about choices you may have regarding the processing of personal information collected via cookies and similar technologies.
9. Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law requires certain businesses to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. Nevada consumers may submit such a request pursuant by contacting us at support@gamestarplus.com. We may need to verify your identity using your account information and may require government identification.
10. EEA, the UK or Switzerland Data Protection/Privacy Rights
This Policy is global in nature and our goal is to meet the requirements in each country where our Services are provided. Where required, we provide you with specific rights and choices. If you have questions about how we treat your Personal Information in your country, please submit a “General Privacy Request” to us at support@gamestarplus.com.
If you reside in the European Economic Area (the EEA,) in the United Kingdom (the UK) or Switzerland, you may have certain rights under applicable data protection laws:
The right to request access to, and a copy of, the information we hold about you, including details as to how we process this information.
The right to object to, or restrict, our processing of your information.
The right to request that your information be erased from further use.
The right to correct, amend, or update the information you have given us (in some instances, where you have an account with us, you can also do this by logging in and updating your information).
The right of portability, allows you to request that we share your information with others.
The right to withdraw any consent to processing you have provided us.
Please note that Gamestar Plus does not engage in any automated decision-making about you.
International Transfers.
We operate globally and may transfer your information outside of your country of residence, including to the United States. When we do this, we take reasonable steps to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in compliance with applicable law.
Retention of Information.
We will retain your Personal Information only if it is needed for our business purposes and in accordance with applicable law. In determining this, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm such information, and whether our purposes can be achieved through other means.
Legal Basis for Processing.
We will only collect, store, or otherwise process Personal Information collected from you in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK in the following situations:
When we have your consent to do so. For example, if you opt-in to receive promotional emails. You can withdraw your consent at any time as described below or directly through the Services.
When we need to use your Personal Information to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g. providing the Services you have requested).
When we or a third party have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Information. For example, we may process your Personal Information to communicate with you about our Services, to provide, secure, and improve our Services, and, in certain circumstances, to deliver advertising to you. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information that is based on our legitimate interests.
When we are required by law to process the Personal Information.
For the purposes of our processing of Personal Information in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, GamestarPlus is the Controller. Should you have any questions or would like to make a complaint, you may contact the Controller support@gamestarplus.com.
If you would like to exercise your rights under the GDPR (or similar laws in the UK or Switzerland), please submit your request to support@gamestarplus.com
If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you have the right to contact the UK or Swiss Data Protection Authority or an EU Data Protection Authority and lodge a complaint.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at times to reflect changes in the law or technology, new or updated Services, or for other reasons.
If any of these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will notify you, and, where applicable, obtain your consent Notice may be by email to your last known email address, by posting notice of such changes on our website and apps, or by other means, consistent with applicable law.
Please check the effective date listed at the top of this Policy whenever you visit our website or use our Services to ensure that you are familiar with our most updated privacy policy and practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
support@gamestarplus.com
By mail, to the address below:
Gamestar Interactive Inc.
12100 Wilshire Blvd. #1540, Los Angeles, CA 90025
Attention: Gamestar (Privacy Office)