Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
InfoSoft NI Ltd. ("ISNI") is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This policy explains how we use the information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
This privacy policy covers your use of this website and you ordering any of our products or services or engaging with us in any type of contract or entering discussions about potential proposal provisioning.
When you place an order for a ISNI product and/or service, we need to know your name, delivery address, e-mail address and telephone number. This information allows us to fulfil your order or user licence renewal, notify you of the status of your order or user licence and contact you when a user licence is about to expire.
We may also ask you to give us optional contact information, for example your mobile telephone number, facebook ID or Twitter ID.
We do not pass on your personal data to any third party companies. We may use anonymous data from any services you might be using for the purposes of marketing and case study to provide to our potential customers.
We may also use your information for the purpose of providing you with information about any special offers or features of our web site which we think may be of interest to you and for related marketing purposes.
We collect your IP address to help identify you and confirm that you are and that your account password has not been compromised. We store these details on our database.
By submitting your information to ISNI by any method and by using our web site, becoming our customer, placing an order, engaging in proposal discussions, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us in the manner set out in this Policy.
If there are and updates or change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page so that you may be aware of them. We will also e-mail you should we make any changes to our Privacy Policy. Because of the nature of Internet infrastructure which is global, and it is not always possible to predict the routes that information sent over the Internet will take before reaching us, the information you provide may be transferred temporarily via a route which takes it outside the European Economic Area. Additionally, for hosting of some of the information systems it is necessary for our services to reside outside the European Economic Area. By submitting your information you consent to this transfer where it is applicable which could mean placing your information in a place anywhere in the world.
If at any time you wish not to receive information about other product and service areas you can unsubscribe yourself from our commercial mailing by notifying us at any time by sending an email to info@infosoftni.com
You can contact ISNI about this Privacy Policy at any time by email to info@infosoftni.com or by post to our address: InfoSoft NI Ltd., The Innovation Centre, Catalyst Inc, Queens Road, BELFAST, BT3 9DT, United Kingdom
Have a question?
Submit
For inquiries contact us on -
Email
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of service
|
Cookies
Got it!