Data We Collect
Tiny Worlds does not collect or store personal data. The application stores a unique device id, if a promo code may be used and in cases of purchases. The unique identifier is not linked to identity and servers only to provide with core functionality.
Tiny Worlds may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
Third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information (for more information regarding use of Location Data see below Section 3) as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service.Third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://tinyworlds.app/terms-of-service/:
Download App
Close
support@tinyworlds.app
Terms Of Service & Privacy Policy
Instagram
Twitter
Install Now
Brief and simplified Version:
Tiny Worlds does not collect or store personal data. The application stores a unique device id, if a promo code may be used and in cases of purchases. The unique identifier is not linked to identity and servers only to provide with core functionality.  We do not store, collect or sell any data.
See Privacy Policy
By using Tiny Worlds you agree to the following:
A) The use of the following backgrounds,wallpapers,themes, may not go further than for personal use. You may not republish,share,re-use in any sort of way the wallpapers,backgrounds,themes. Unless written permission is granted by REAPPS LLC or its executives. As an expectation marketers may use one or two wallpapers in order to give an app review, all wallpapers must be true and unmodified and Tiny Worlds, its content must appear in the best light.
All the Wallpapers in Tiny Worlds – Wallpapers are created, recreated ,owned or licensed by REAPPS LLC. The creation process involves a unique signature that causes the wallpapers to be easily distinguishable. In case of an unauthorized used the speed,rotation,movement will be taken into account and if the pattern matches legal action will be taken.
Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)
Last updated: May 03 2022
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the Tiny Worlds mobile application (the “Service”) operated by REAPPS LLC (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Tiny Worlds and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Tiny Worlds .
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Tiny Worlds .
Tiny Worlds has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Tiny Worlds shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall REAPPS LLC , nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
REAPPS LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Data We Collect
Tiny Worlds does not collect or store personal data. The application stores a unique device id, if a promo code may be used and in cases of purchases. The unique identifier is not linked to identity and servers only to provide with core functionality.
Tiny Worlds may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
Third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information (for more information regarding use of Location Data see below Section 3) as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service.Third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Application.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. legal@reappsllc.com
© 2022 REAPPS LLC. All rights reserved.