Home
Features
Reviews
Pricing
Login
Home
Features
Reviews
Pricing
Login
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 6/5/2023
Please read this Privacy Policy very carefully, this privacy policy is applicable for the services provided through the mobile, desktop or web applications owned and operated by Fluentjoy, Inc. under the brand name Fluentjoy (hereinafter both the names interchangeably referred to as 'Fluentjoy'). By downloading, installing or using these products or services, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure and other uses of Your information as set out in this Privacy Policy. Fluentjoy may revise, alter, add, amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this page.By downloading, installing and/or using this product, you agree to be bound by any such alteration, amendment, addition or modification. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions
, which is accessible at Fluentjoy website as well unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Name, Email ID, Phone Number, City and Country. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from users:
Name: We collect your name to personalize your experience within the App.
Email Address: We collect your email address to create and manage your user account.
Collection Methods
We collect personal information directly from you when you provide it during the registration process or while using the App. For location and contact numbers, we will ask for your permission to access this information.
Storage and Security
We take appropriate measures to securely store and protect the personal information we collect. We use encryption and secure servers to safeguard your data from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Accessing, Updating, and Deleting Personal Information
You can access and update your personal information by visiting the Profile section of the App. If you wish to delete your account and associated personal information, you can do so through the account settings in the Profile section. Please note that deleting your account will permanently remove your personal information from our records, and this action cannot be undone.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or legal requirements. We will notify you of any material changes via email or through a notice within the App.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at
support@fluentjoy.com
.
Copyright © 2023 fluentjoy.com.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Refund Policy
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Cookies Consent
By clicking
'Accept'
, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, ananlyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our
Privary Policy
for more information.
I understand
I decline