Start
Start for free
Login
Privacy Policy
Thank you for using PUSH. At ADPTV LIMITED ("
Company
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
"), we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy.
When you visit our website (the "
Website
"), use our mobile application (the "
App
", "
PUSH
") and more generally, use any of our services (the "
Services
", which include the Website and App), we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. We store our own workout information in PUSH, just as you do.
This document outlines our stance on privacy for PUSH. We encourage you to read this document carefully.
If there are any conditions that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of the Services.
Data We Collect
Personal Data and your PUSH Account
You are required to provide basic personal information such as Name and Email Address (Optional) in order to create a PUSH Account.
We encourage you to use your primary email to sign up for PUSH to ensure your continued access to your own data.
You can also use a third party login such as Sign in with Apple or Facebook.
If you lose access to your email or third party login, you will lose access to your PUSH account. We cannot restore or change email addresses for security reasons.
Your Workout Data
PUSH is a workout tracking app and platform. You enter your Workout Data (consisting of training information such as your workout activity data, exercises performed, body measurements etc.) into PUSH. We consider this to be your data.
Analytics to Improve PUSH
We use Mixpanel for tracking website traffic. We use Firebase Crashlytics for bug tracking and debugging.
In both cases, we do not send personal information to these services.
Customer Support
If you message or contact us for support purposes, you may communicate personally identifiable information to us (such as your email address and debug information) in the process.
We retain support emails in order to improve customer service.
Data Processing
Location
We store user information on servers located in the United States and other countries. This means that information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located.
If you provide Personal Data through the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to servers in other locations.
Personal Data will be deleted when you close your PUSH account.
Data Retention
We retain your data indefinitely in order to provide the Services. However, you can request deletion of your data at any time by contacting us through the app.
Children
PUSH does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our services to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Data through any of our Services. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us, please contact us, and we will discontinue the provision of services accordingly.
Closing Your Account
You can close your PUSH Account at any time. To close your PUSH Account, please contact us from inside the app or from our website.
Changes to this Policy
This policy replaces all previous policies. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
Last Updated: September 27, 2023