Introduction
How EasyArt protects your images
We want you to understand how EasyArt processes your personal
              data, as well as what options you have for managing it. You’ll
              find this information below in our Privacy Policy.
It’s important that you also understand how EasyArt protects your
              images.
The following bullets highlight a few key details about the app
              and our security measures:
EasyArt is a photo- and video-editing app. It enhances photos
                  and videos by improving aspects such as image resolution and
                  colors. Also, it gives you the ability to generate new images
                  with AI.
EasyArt's photo- and video-editing, enhancing, and generative
                  technologies don’t perform facial recognition activities.
                  These technologies also don’t attempt or allow the
                  identification or authentication of people in the images.
You retain control over the images you upload, enhance, and
                  generate using EasyArt. We don’t sell, trade, or claim
                  ownership of any of your images—whether you use EasyArt to
                  edit your existing images or to generate new ones.
Your images aren’t used to train our AI technologies, unless
                  you explicitly opt in for that.
Your images are safeguarded with appropriate security
                  measures, following privacy and data protection laws and
                  industry standards. This includes encryption and cloud storage
                  for enhanced security.
To know how we process your personal data when using EasyArt,
              please refer to the Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies to
              the processing of personal data of users (“
user
”
              or “you”) by Chongqing Calendar Tech. Co. Ltd.
              (“
we
” or “
us
”), in connection to
              the use of the EasyArt mobile application (“
app
”)
              and any other interaction with us. We present you with this
              Privacy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – General Data
              Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), the Italian
              Legislative Decree 196/2003 (as amended), and other applicable
              local laws, as amended or replaced (collectively, “
Applicable Privacy Laws
”).
1. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
2. Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and
                  Legal Bases for Our Processing
3. Data Storage and Protection
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal
                  Data
5. Recipients of Your Personal Data
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic
                  Area
7. Your Rights
8. Children’s Personal Data
9. Third-party Websites and Services
10. Additional Information for Users Residing in Certain U.S.
                  States
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
12. In-app Tracking Technologies
If you are using an app version older than iOS 14, you should
              refer to
this version of the privacy policy
.
1. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
The Data Controller is Chongqing Calendar Tech. Co. Ltd. For any
              requests regarding the processing of your personal data, please
              email us at
gjh1988422@gmail.com
.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by sending an email
              to
gjh1988422@gmail.com
for any requests relating to the processing of your personal data
              or this Privacy Policy.
2. Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and
                Legal Bases for Our Processing
Below is a list of the categories of personal data that we
              process, along with the purposes and the legal grounds for
              processing it. Please be aware that not all the information listed
              may be considered as personal data in your jurisdiction under all
              circumstances.
Purpose
Legal Basis
Categories of Processed Data
To enable you to use the app and to provide you with
                            its functionalities ("
Provision of the Service
”).
For example, we may process your data to enable you to
                        perform the following activities:
Edit or enhance your photos and videos
Generate AI images of yourself
Additionally, we may process your data to provide you
                        with the following services:
Show you information about the app and your editing
                            or enhancing process
Suggest to you the best images to edit with EasyArt
Our contractual relationship provides the legal grounds for
                    processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(b) of
                    the GDPR).
Identifiers, Internet and network activity information
                        (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS
                        version, device language, device name, country set in
                        the device settings, information about your interactions
                        with the app, and unique identifiers), and other
                        information necessary to enable you to use the app.
The app processes the images, videos and audio
                        recordings that you upload, including images containing
                        faces, as well as the images generated by the app
                        (enhanced photos and videos and AI images). When images
                        contain faces, we process certain information about
                        them, such as information that estimates the location of
                        parts and areas of the faces (“
Facial Data
”). Note that in some jurisdictions outside of Europe,
                        Facial Data may be considered biometric data. The
                        photo-video editing, enhancing, and generative
                        technologies implemented in the app do not allow unique
                        identification or authentication of people in the
                        images, nor are we training the technologies to do so.
                        This means that we only use the app to create the
                        requested AI images based on the images containing faces
                        shared by the user.
To edit photos and videos or generate AI images, the app
                        needs access to your photo and video library and your
                        camera. The app requires that you expressly allow this
                        access, through a request appearing on your mobile
                        device.
To improve and develop our products and services
                            (“
Service Improvement
”). For example, we process your data by conducting
                            statistical analysis or other research activities to
                            optimize our features and provide you with new ones.
Our legitimate interest to improve our products and
                      services provides the legal grounds for processing this
                      data for this purpose (article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
As for the collection of personal data by means of
                      analytics tracking technologies, please see
Section 12
(In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identifiers (such as name, social media handle, or email
                        address, when requested), Internet and network activity
                        information (such as IP address), inferences we
                        generate, your gender (if you choose to share this
                        information), and other related information about your
                        usage of and experience with the app (such as your
                        responses and your voice in case you take part in our
                        interviews).
For the purpose of statistical analysis, we may also
                        collect information and metadata related to your images,
                        videos and audio recordings. In such cases, we will only
                        process anonymized data.
See c) below for details about how we use the images,
                        videos and audio-recordings you upload, as well as
                        Facial Data to improve our photo-video editing,
                        enhancing, and generative features, and train our
                        photo-video editing, enhancing, and generative
                        algorithms.
To improve our photo-video editing, enhancing, and
                            generative features in EasyArt and in other
                            photo-video editing apps provided by us and our
                            subsidiary companies, and to offer a better service
                            for editing, enhancing, and generating your images
                            and videos (“
Editing and Enhancement Improvement
”). For example, we process your images and videos
                            to train and validate our photo-video editor
                            algorithms and improve the performance of our
                            editing features, which involves examining and
                            labeling your images, videos, and audio recordings.
Your consent provides the legal grounds for processing
                      this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
                      If you haven’t explicitly granted this consent, we do not
                      perform these actions.
You can check and update the permissions you have granted
                      via the app’s privacy settings.
The images, videos and audio recordings you upload, as
                        well as Facial Data, if you expressly give your consent
                        for this specific purpose. As described above, while
                        Facial Data may be considered biometric data in some
                        jurisdictions outside of Europe, the technologies
                        implemented in the app do not allow or aim at performing
                        a unique identification or authentication of people in
                        the images, nor are we training the technologies to do
                        so.
We do not collect or use Facial Data of US based users
                        to improve our photo-video editing, enhancing and
                        generative features nor to train our photo-video editor
                        algorithms.
To ensure the quality and the proper functioning of
                            the services, by analyzing, preventing or correcting
                            failures and bugs, as well as by conducting the
                            manual or other review of suspected illicit use or
                            misuse of the services ("
Troubleshooting
”).
Our legitimate interest to ensure the quality and the proper
                    functioning of the services provides the legal grounds for
                    processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(f) of
                    the GDPR).
Identifiers, Internet and network activity information
                        (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS
                        version, crash and error logs), inferences we generate,
                        images, videos and audio recordings uploaded by you, as
                        well as the images generated by the app, and other
                        related information about your usage of the app.
To comply with our legal obligations, including
                            requests from public authorities ("
Compliance
”).
Legal obligations that we must comply with provide the legal
                    grounds for processing this data for this purpose (article
                    6(1)(c) of the GDPR).
Any information which may be required by law or under
                        the instructions of public authorities.
To send you administrative or technical updates and
                            to process and respond to customer support
                            communications and any other requests or
                            communications from you ("
Customer Support
”).
Our contractual relationship provides the legal grounds for
                    processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(b) of
                    the GDPR).
Identifiers (such as name and email address) and the
                        content of your communication or request.
To establish, exercise or defend our rights and
                            those of our employees, and to carry out corporate
                            transactions or operations (“
Defense
”). For example, we may process your data in case
                            of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization,
                            sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence
                            related to any such transactions.
Our legitimate interest to establish, exercise or defend our
                    rights and to carry out corporate transactions or operations
                    provides the legal grounds for processing this data for this
                    purpose (article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR)
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of
                        these purposes.
To analyze your usage information, including your
                            preferences, interests and behaviors when you use
                            our products and services (“
Profiling
”). For example, we process your data in the
                            following activities:
Conduct surveys, statistical analysis or other
                          research activities to improve our products and
                          services
Maintain, optimize, and develop new features
Find and group users with similar characteristics
Advertise our products and services to users similar
                          to you and reach out to inactive users with our ads
Measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and make
                          our advertising more relevant
Customize information and marketing communications
Our legitimate interest provides the legal grounds for
                      processing this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(f) of
                      GDPR).
The collection of personal data by means of profiling and
                      third-party analytics tracking technologies is based on
                      your consent (article 122 of Italian Privacy Code). For
                      more details, please see
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identifiers (such as name, age or email address, when
                        requested), Internet and network activity information
                        (such as IP address), information about your
                        interactions with the app, inferences we generate, your
                        gender (if you choose to share this information), and
                        other related information about your usage of the app.
To carry out marketing activities, and send you
                            information and marketing communications about our
                            products and services such as tips, offers, and
                            newsletters through emails and push notifications,
                            or to conduct user research activities ("
Marketing
”).
Your consent provides the legal grounds for processing
                      this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Where your consent is not required, for example, where we
                      use your email to send you information about products and
                      services related to or similar to the app (“
Soft Opt-In
”), the legal basis is our legitimate interest (article
                      6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
Identifiers (such as name, and email address), Internet
                        and network activity information (such as IP address),
                        information about your interactions with the app,
                        inferences we generate and other related information
                        about your usage of and experience with the app (such as
                        your responses and your voice in case you take part in
                        our interviews).
We will send you push notifications only if you grant
                        the relevant permission by enabling push notification on
                        your mobile operating system settings.
To install third-party tracking technologies to
                            serve personalized ads ("
Targeted Advertising
”).
You can find more information on how these third parties
                        process your personal data by reading their privacy
                        policies listed in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Your consent provides the legal grounds for processing
                      this data for this purpose (article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
The collection of personal data by means of third-party
                      profiling tracking technologies is based on your consent
                      (article 122 of Italian Privacy Code). For more details,
                      please see
Section 12
(In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identifiers and Internet and network activity
                        information (such as IP address, unique identifiers
                        including IDFA or AAID, crash logs and diagnostic
                        information, and performance data such as app launch
                        time, hang rate, or energy usage), information about
                        your interactions with the app, advertising data (such
                        as ad conversion information and advertisements seen),
                        your ad tracking choices and consent to receive
                        personalized ads (if granted), and inferences about your
                        interests and preferences.
3. Data Storage and Protection
Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated
              means and may be stored at our premises and on our service
              providers’ servers. We adopt appropriate technical and
              organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use
              and alteration of your personal data. For example, we adopt
              measures to protect your images. However, transmissions of data
              over the Internet are never 100% secure.
Personal data processed for the purposes of Provision of the
              Service, Service Improvement, Customer Support, and Profiling will
              be kept for no more than three (3) years from the date of your
              last interaction with the app or from the date of the expiration
              of your subscription. If you access the app after your
              subscription expires, the retention period starts from the date of
              this most recent interaction with the app.
With specific reference to images, videos, audio recordings that
              you upload,as well as Facial Data processed to generate AI images,
              the following retention policy applies:
For Provision of the Service purposes, they will be kept for
                  no more than twenty(20) days from their upload.
For Editing and Enhancement Improvement purposes, subject to
                  your consent, they will be kept for no more than one (1) year
                  from the upload or generation of the AI images, regardless of
                  whether you have a subscription or not.
With reference to AI images, the following retention policy
              applies:
For provision of the Service purposes, they will be kept for
                  no more than twenty(20) days from their generation, regardless
                  of whether you have a subscription or not.
For Editing and Enhancement Improvement purposes, subject to
                  your consent, they will be kept for no more than one (1) year
                  from the upload or generation of the AI images, regardless of
                  whether you have a subscription or not.
Upon the expiration date, images, videos, audio recordings, as
              well as Facial Data processed to generate AI images and AI images
              themselves, are automatically deleted from our servers and those
              of our service providers.
Personal data processed for Troubleshooting purposes will be kept
              only as long as necessary to fulfill said purposes, and in any
              case for no more than one (1) year from the date of your last
              interaction with the app or from the date of the expiration of
              your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription
              expires, the retention period starts from the date of this most
              recent interaction with the app.
Personal data processed for Compliance purposes will be kept up to
              five (5) years from the date of your last interaction with the app
              or from the date of the expiration of your subscription. If you
              access the app after your subscription expires, the retention
              period starts from the date of this most recent interaction with
              the app.
Personal data processed for Defense purposes will be kept up to
              ten (10) years from the date of your last interaction with the app
              or from the date of the expiration of your subscription. If you
              access the app after your subscription expires, the retention
              period starts from the date of this most recent interaction with
              the app.
Personal data processed for Marketing purposes will be kept up to
              two (2) years from the date of your last interaction with the app
              or from the date of the expiration of your subscription. If you
              access the app after your subscription expires, the retention
              period starts from the date of this most recent interaction with
              the app.
Regarding personal data processed for Targeted Advertising
              purposes, you can find more information about the retention period
              of your data by visiting the third parties’ privacy policies
              linked in
Section 12
(In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
At the end of these specified periods, unless any legal
              obligations require a longer data retention, the processed
              personal data will be either deleted or anonymized.
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal
                Data
To access the services and features of the app, it is mandatory
              for you to provide your personal data for the purposes of
              Provision of the Service, Compliance, and Customer Support. If you
              choose not to provide your personal data, you will not be able to
              enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data for
              the purposes of Editing and Enhancement Improvement, Marketing,
              and Targeted Advertising, providing your personal data is
              optional, and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any
              time. If you choose not to provide your personal data, you will
              still be able to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest as the legal grounds to
              process your personal data for the purposes of Service
              Improvement, Troubleshooting, Defense, Profiling, and Marketing,
              you may, at any time, exercise your right to object to such
              processing as explained in
Section 7 (Your Rights)
below.
For data processing for the purposes of Targeted Advertising, you
              can manage how you share your IDFA (on iPhone or iPad) and AAID
              (on Android devices), which are unique device identifiers provided
              by the operating system of your device that allow advertisers to
              track and identify a user for advertising purposes. To disable
              this tracking, do as follows:
From iOS and iPadOS 14.5, go to Settings > Privacy &
                  Security > Tracking and tap to turn off or turn on
Allow Apps to Request to Track
or permission to track
                  for a specific app. On previous iOS or iPadOS versions, go to
                  Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turn on
Limit Ad Tracking
.
On Android devices, you can go to your device's Settings app
                  or Google Settings app (differs depending on your device) >
                  Services > Ads and turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
.
5
. Recipients of Your Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data to the following categories of
              recipients:
Vendors carrying out activities related or instrumental to our
                  business and operations, either as outsourced data processors
                  appointed in writing in accordance with Applicable Privacy
                  Laws (such as IT or storage service providers) or as
                  autonomous data controllers (such as advertising networks and
                  platforms).
If we carry out a corporate transaction or operation (for
                  example, in case of merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale
                  of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any
                  such transactions), personal data may be transferred to
                  another owner, and disclosed to our advisers and any
                  prospective purchaser's advisers, as part of such transaction
                  or operation.
Public, judicial or police authorities, within the limits
                  established by applicable laws.
Other parties as necessary, in the event we believe that your
                  actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies,
                  if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe
                  it is necessary to protect our rights, property, and safety or
                  that of our users, the public, or others.
Professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or
                  otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
Our corporate affiliates under common control and ownership.
Personal data will not be disclosed for any reason other than
              those stated above, unless such disclosure is deemed necessary for
              the fulfillment of a legal obligation or if we request your
              consent.
As explained in Section 2.j), if you give your consent to install
              tracking technologies, you will allow third parties mentioned
              therein to collect personal data about you in order to show you
              customized and personalized advertising. If you want to learn more
              about their processing activities, please see the third parties’
              Privacy Policies linked in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic
                Area
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area
              (“
EEA
”), the UK or Switzerland to other countries
              outside the EEA. Such data transfers are based on appropriate
              safeguards in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, including
              (a) the standard contractual clauses developed by the European
              Commission; (b) the decisions of adequacy of the European
              Commission; or (c) binding corporate rules.
More information on the appropriate warranties are available for
              consultation by sending an email to
gjh1988422@gmail.com
.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you are located, you may have certain rights in
              relation to your personal data. At any time and free of charge,
              you may exercise those rights, as specified and subject to certain
              limitations and exceptions under Applicable Privacy Laws. These
              rights may include:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain
                  information about the processing of your personal data and to
                  access it.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to
                  ask for the updating, rectification or integration of your
                  personal data.
Right to erasure
. You have the right to
                  request the deletion of your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing
. You have
                  the right to request the restriction of the processing of your
                  personal data.
Right to data portability
. You have the right
                  to obtain a portable electronic copy of your personal data.
Right to object
. Where we rely on our
                  legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have
                  the right to object to such processing, wholly or partly, on
                  grounds related to your situation. In particular, you are
                  entitled to object to the processing of your personal data for
                  direct marketing purposes, including profiling.
Right to withdraw consent
. Where we or third
                  parties rely on your consent to process your personal data,
                  you have the right to withdraw your consent, although the
                  processing carried out before your withdrawal of consent will
                  remain valid.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent
              national Data Protection Authority, or other applicable regulator
              in the jurisdiction where you reside.
To exercise your rights, you can submit a request following these
              steps:
Access the app from your device (if you do not have it on
                    your device any longer, you can download it again and then
                    access it without the need to purchase a subscription).
Long press four fingers on any screen within the app until a
                    menu opens up.
Tap
Send a Privacy Request
and follow the
                    instructions.
After you have sent your request through
Send a Privacy Request
, you may uninstall the app
                    if you do not want to use it anymore.
If you would like to submit a request by email or if you have any
              other questions about privacy or data protection , you can contact
              us at
gjh1988422@gmail.com
. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to
              responding to your request, such as by asking you for information
              that matches information we have on file about you. If you are
              submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, we may ask you
              to provide proof of your authorization to make the request, or we
              may contact the individual who is the subject of the request for
              confirmation, in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy
              rights.
8. Children’s Personal Data
The app is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. We do not
              knowingly collect personal data from children. If you believe we
              have received personal data from children under the age of 16,
              please email us at
gjh1988422@gmail.com
. If we learn that a user is under the age of 16, we will take
              reasonable steps to delete any processed data and close such
              user’s account.
9. Third-party Websites and Services
The app may include links to other websites or services operated
              by third parties. The activities described in this Privacy Policy
              do not apply to data processed by such third-party websites and
              services. We have no control over, and we are not responsible for,
              the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other
              websites and services.
10. Additional Information for Users Residing in Certain U.S.
                States
a)
Additional Information for Users in California
California has enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their
              residents certain rights and require additional disclosures
              (“State Laws”). If you are a resident of California, this section
              applies to you.
We collect personal information from several sources: directly
              from you (for example, when you make purchases within the app or
              participate in a survey); automatically when you use the app (for
              example, device information); and from other sources (for example,
              mobile measurement partners). We also generate inferences about
              you based on your use of the app and other information we collect.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following
              categories of personal information: identifiers; Internet or other
              electronic network activity information; characteristics of
              protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law
              (such as gender if you participate in a survey); commercial
              information (such as purchases you make in the app); approximate
              geolocation information (such as country); audio and visual
              information (such as photos and videos you share with us);
              inferences; and other information that relates to or is reasonably
              capable of being associated with you. For details about the
              personal information we collect, please see
Section 2 (Categories of Personal Data that We Collect,
                  Purposes and Legal Bases for Our Processing)
. We collect personal information for the business and commercial
              purposes listed in the chart in
Section 2
.
We may disclose your personal information with the categories of
              third parties as described in
Section 5 (Recipients of Your Personal Data)
. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following
              categories of personal information for business purposes:
              identifiers, Internet and electronic network activity information,
              characteristics of protected classifications under California or
              U.S. federal law; commercial information; approximate geolocation
              information; audio and visual information and other information
              that we have inferred about you or that relates to or is
              reasonably capable of being associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information to
              third parties for the purpose of engaging in targeted advertising
              (these disclosures may be considered “sales” or “sharing” under
              certain State Laws):
Categories of Personal Information “Shared,”
                            “Sold,” or used for Targeted Advertising
Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
Internet and electronic network activity
App usage and diagnostic information
Inferences
Advertising and marketing partners
We do not knowingly collect, sell, or share personal data about
              users under the age of 16.
We generally do not collect information that is considered
              “sensitive” under State Laws. In the limited circumstances that we
              do, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for
              the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
We retain personal data as described in
Section 3 (Data Storage and Protection)
.
Right to Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, Targeted
                  Advertising
Some of the activities described in this Privacy Policy may be
              considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or
              use of your information for “targeted advertising” under the law
              that applies to you. You or your authorized agent may opt out of
              these activities by following the instructions in
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
You have the right to request (1) to know more about and access
              your personal information, including in a portable format, (2)
              deletion of your personal information, and (3) correction
              (rectification) of inaccurate personal information. For details
              about how to exercise your rights, please see
Section 7 (Your Rights)
.
b)
Additional Information for Users in Illinois
In accordance with Illinois law, this section provides additional
              disclosures related to Facial Data. As described in
Section 2
, we collect and process Facial Data to enhance your photos and
              generate AI avatars and AI images. We do not collect or use Facial
              Data to improve our photo-video editing, enhancing and generative
              features nor to train our photo-video editor algorithms. We retain
              personal data as described in
Section 3 (Data Storage and Protection)
. We use cloud storage providers to store Facial Data. We will
              never sell, lease, or trade Facial Data to third parties. As
              described above, Facial Data may be considered biometric data in
              some jurisdictions; however, Facial Data is not used for
              identification or authentication purposes.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify, integrate or update, in whole or in part, this
              Privacy Policy, and we will notify users of any modification,
              integration or update in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws.
              If we make modifications, we will notify you by revising the date
              at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and, under certain
              circumstances, we may also notify you by additional means such as
              pop-up or push notifications within the app or our website, or
              email.
12. In-App Tracking Technologies
When we refer to “tracking technology/technologies” in this
              Policy, we mean any technology that stores or accesses information
              on the user’s device, including SDKs, tracking pixels, HTML5 local
              storage, local shared objects, and fingerprinting techniques.
Tracking technologies are usually classified by purpose
              (Technical, Analytics, Profiling) and by publisher (First-party,
              Third-party).
Applicable legal requirements vary based on how the tracking
              technologies are classified.
Below you will find the types of tracking technologies by
              classification along with some practical examples.
By purpose
Technical tracking technologies
Technical tracking technologies are used for the purpose of
              transmitting messages over an electronic communication network or
              to provide a service specifically requested by the user.
Thus, technical tracking technologies are essential for the
              correct functioning of the app and to provide the service offered
              to and requested by the user.
For example, technical tracking technologies can be used to
              monitor sessions, store specific server access information related
              to the user configuration, facilitate the use of online content,
              or keep track of items in a shopping cart or information used to
              fill in a form.
Technical tracking technologies do not need your consent.
Analytics tracking technologies
Analytics tracking technologies may be used to assess the
              effectiveness of an information society service provided by a
              publisher, evaluate and improve the design of an app, or help
              measure traffic.
In other words, analytics tracking technologies may be used to
              track the traffic and performance of an app by collecting
              aggregate data on the number of users and how they interact with
              the app to improve its services.
For example, analytics tracking technologies may collect
              information about how users access an app, including the number of
              users, possibly grouped by geographical area, time zone, how long
              users stay on the app, which parts of the app they interact with,
              or the number of users who used a particular feature.
Analytics tracking technologies need your explicit consent.
              However, analytics tracking technologies are equated to technical
              trackers and, thus, do not need your consent if:
they are only used to produce aggregated statistics that are
                  performed by way of the controller’s own resources and do not
                  turn into activities that go beyond statistical counting and
                  enable business-related decision-making; or
the third parties do not match the analytics trackers' data
                  with any other information and do not forward such data to
                  other third parties.
Profiling tracking technologies
Profiling tracking technologies may be used to evaluate certain
              personal aspects relating to users and trace specific actions or
              recurring behavioral patterns in the use of the offered
              functionalities back to specific, identified or identifiable
              individuals for the purpose of grouping them within homogeneous,
              multi-sized clusters. This is aimed at enabling the company to
              analyze and predict personal aspects concerning the users, provide
              them with increasingly customized services beyond what is strictly
              necessary for the delivery of the service, and send targeted
              advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the
              user during their in-app activities.
In other words, profiling tracking technologies may be used to
              convey behavioral advertising, measure the effectiveness of ads,
              or customize the services offered in line with the user’s
              monitored behavior.
For example, profiling tracking technologies can be used to create
              user profiles and offer content in line with the user’s interests,
              send targeted ads or messages, or conduct statistical analysis or
              other research activities to improve our products and services and
              measure the effectiveness of our campaigns.
Profiling tracking technologies need your explicit consent.
By publisher
First-party
tracking technologies
First-party tracking technologies are installed and managed
              directly by the owner of the app which will process the collected
              data for its own purposes.
Third-party
tracking technologies
Third-party tracking technologies are installed and managed by
              different apps or developers either for our purposes or for the
              third party’s own purposes.
The data collected by these third parties is governed by their own
              specific privacy policies and terms and conditions over which we
              have no control. Thus, for further information about these data
              processing activities, please refer to the privacy policy of such
              third parties as indicated in the following section ("
Types of tracking technologies used by the app
”).
Third-party non-anonymized analytics and/or profiling trackers
              need your consent. You can manage this consent at any time by
              accessing the “Privacy Settings” within the app.
Types of tracking technologies used in the app
This app installs the following types of tracking technologies:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
AppsFlyer
Tracking technologies settings
You can activate or disable (in whole or in part) profiling and
              third-party analytics tracking technologies at any time through
              the “Privacy Settings” within the app.
When you withdraw your consent, your data will no longer be
              collected through those trackers but we will continue processing
              the data collected before the withdrawal.
You cannot deactivate first-party analytics tracking technologies
              since they are equated to technical trackers and, thus, are not
              based on your consent. However, you can opt out of the further
              processing of your data collected by means of such trackers by
              sending an email to
gjh1988422@gmail.com
.
With regards to your rights under applicable Data Protection Laws,
              please refer to
Section 7 (Your Rights)
above.
Last updated:
2023-9-4
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.bendingspoons.com/privacy.html?app=1470373330&version=1.1.0:
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the processing of personal data of users (“user” or “you”) by Bending Spoons S.p.A. (“we” or “us”), the parent company of Splice Video Editor S.r.l., when you use the Remini mobile application (“app”) or otherwise interact with us and this Privacy Policy is presented to you, in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 (as amended), and other applicable local laws, as amended or replaced (jointly, “Applicable Privacy Laws”).
If you are a California resident, please see
Section 11 (Additional Information for California Consumers)
below.
1. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
The Data Controller is Bending Spoons S.p.A., based in Corso Como 15, Milan, MI 20154 (Italy), VAT 08931860962. For any requests regarding the processing of your personal data, please email us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by sending an email to
dpo@bendingspoons.com
for any requests relating to the processing of your personal data or this Privacy Policy.
2. Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal Bases for Our Processing
We process the following categories of personal data, for the purposes and on the legal bases indicated below. Please note that not all of the below information may be deemed personal data in your jurisdiction in all cases.
Purpose
Legal Basis
Categories of Processed Data
To enable you to use the app and to provide you with its functionalities, including:
edit or enhance your photos and videos
create an account and authenticate your access to the account
show information about the app and your editing or enhancing process
suggest you the best images you may edit with Remini
You may decide to help us to improve Remini by becoming part of our app development program, and uploading images with specific features we request.
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of our contractual relationship (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information, identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS version, device language, device name, country set in the device settings, information about your interactions with the app, and unique identifiers, including IDFA or AAID) and other information necessary to enable you to use the app.
If the app needs to access your photo and video library when you use the app, it will require your permission. We collect or process such data when strictly necessary to provide you with specific features or services requested by you (for example, the app development program).
If you create an account or login with your Facebook, Google or Apple account, we will also receive the following information: first and last name, and email address.
To improve our products and services (for example, by conducting statistical analysis or other research activities to optimize our features and provide you with new ones).
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to improve our products and services.
Identification and contact information you provide us (such as name, social media handle, or email address, when requested), identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address), and information collected or generated to improve the app’s functionalities (such as device language, information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app).
For the purpose of statistical analysis, we may also collect information and metadata related to your images. In such cases, we will only process anonymized data.
To improve our photo-video editing features and offer a better service for editing and enhancing your images (for example, by using your images to train and validate our photo-video editor algorithms, and by examining and labelling your images to improve the performance of our editing and enhancement features).
The legal basis for the processing is your consent (art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Images uploaded by you.
To ensure the quality and the proper functioning of the services by analyzing, preventing or correcting failures and bugs, illicit use or misuse of the services.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to ensure the quality and the proper functioning of the services.
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS version, crash and error logs), inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app.
To comply with our legal obligations, including requests from public authorities.
The legal basis for the processing is compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject (art. 6(1)(c) of the GDPR).
Any information which may be required by law or under the instructions of public authorities.
To process and respond to customer support communications and to requests for information you may raise with us.
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of our contractual relationship (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information you provide us (such as first and last name, email address) and the content of your communication or request.
To establish, exercise or defend our rights and those of our employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions).
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to establish, exercise or defend our rights and to carry out corporate transactions or operations.
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of these purposes.
To analyze your usage information, including your preferences, interests and behaviors when you use our products and services, to:
Conduct surveys, statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services
Maintain, optimize, and develop new features
Find and group users with similar characteristics
Advertise our products and services towards more users like you and reach out to inactive users with our ads
Measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and make our advertising more relevant
Customize information and marketing communications
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
Identification and contact information (such as name, age or email address, when requested), identifiers and Internet and network activity information that we collect (such as IDFA or AAID, and IP address), information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app.
The IDFA (on iPhone or iPad) and AAID (on Android devices) are unique device identifiers provided by the operating system of your device that allow advertisers to track and identify a user for advertising purposes. To disable this tracking:
From iOS and iPadOS 14.5, go to
Settings > Privacy > Tracking
and tap to turn off or turn on
Allow Apps to Request to Track
or permission to track for a specific app. On previous iOS or iPadOS versions, go to
Settings > Privacy > Advertising
and turn on
Limit Ad Tracking
button.
On Android devices, you can go to your device's
Settings
app or
Google Settings
app (differs depending on your device)
>
Services >
Ads
and turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization.
To carry out marketing activities, and send you information and marketing communications about our products and services such as tips, offers, and newsletters through emails and push notifications (only if you grant permission by enabling push notification on your mobile operating system settings).
The legal basis for the processing is your consent (art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Where your consent is not required, for example, where we use your email to send you information about products and services related to or similar to the app (“Soft Opt-In”), the legal basis is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information (such as name, email address), identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address), information we may receive from third-party advertising networks and platforms (such as unique identifiers, including IDFA or AAID), information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app (such as your responses and your voice in case you take part in our interviews).
To share your personal data with Google AdMob and its advertisers to serve ads.
You can find more information on how Google AdMob processes your personal data by visiting
Google’s Privacy & Terms
.
The legal basis for the processing is your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, unique identifiers including IDFA or AAID, crash logs and diagnostic information, performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage), information about your interactions with the app, and advertising data (such as advertisements seen), your ad tracking choices and consent to receive personalized ads (if granted), and inferences about your interests and preferences.
We may also assign a random code to your device and communicate it to the advertising content providers to ensure that you do not receive the same advertising content several times (please note that each code will only last 24 hours after which a new 24-hours code will be assigned and that, unless you have given your consent under Section 2.j) below, you will not receive personalized content).
To personalize the content of promotional communications relating to products and services offered by third parties on Google AdMob. You can find more information on how Google AdMob processes your personal data by visiting
Google’s Privacy & Terms
.
The legal basis applied to the processing is consent of the data subject (Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR).
Identifiers and Internet and network activity information (such as IP address, unique identifiers including IDFA or AAID, crash logs and diagnostic information, performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage), information about your interactions with the app, and advertising data (such as advertisements seen), your ad tracking choices and consent to receive personalized ads (if granted), and inferences about your interests and preferences.
You may opt out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting
Google's Ads Settings
.
3. Data Storage and Protection
Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated means and may be stored at our premises and on our service providers’ servers. We adopt technical and organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use and alteration of your personal data. In some cases, we may also adopt data encryption and pseudonymization measures. However, transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure, and you should not provide any personal data if you want to avoid any risk.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.a), 2.e), 2.f) and 2.g) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and, in each case, for no more than 10 years from the termination of the agreement.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.b), 2.d), 2.h) and 2.i) (as to Soft Opt-In) will be kept until you object to such processing. However, should you not exercise your right to object, personal data will be kept for such purposes for no more than 2 years from the termination of the agreement.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.c), 2.i), 2.j) and 2.k) will be kept until you withdraw your consent to such processing. However, should you not withdraw your consent, personal data will be kept:
for the purposes referred to in Section 2.c), for no more than 3 years from the upload of the images, and
for the purposes referred to in Section 2.i), for no more than 2 years from the termination of the agreement, and
for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.j) and 2.k), for no more than 10 years from the termination of the agreement.
Except for any legal obligation that sets a longer data retention period, at the end of these periods, the personal data processed will be deleted or anonymized.
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal Data
It is mandatory for you to provide your personal data for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.a), 2.e), and 2.f). If you do not provide the personal data, you will not be able to enjoy the app’s services and features or participate in our contests, sweepstakes or other promotions that we offer.
Where we rely on your consent for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.c), 2.i) 2. j) and 2.k), your provision of personal data is optional, and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not provide the personal data, you will still be able to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest for the purpose referred to in Sections 2.b), 2.d), 2.g), 2.h) and 2.i), you may, at any time, exercise your right to object to such processing as explained in Section 7 (Your Rights) below.
You can also manage how you share certain information with us by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device (such as
Limit Ad Tracking
or
Allow Apps to Request to Track
on iOS and iPadOS, or
Opt out of Interest-Based Ads
or
Opt out of Ads Personalization
on Android devices). You should refer to the instructions provided by your device’s operating system or its manufacturer to learn how to adjust your settings.
5. Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share or disclose your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
Vendors carrying out activities that are related or instrumental to our business and operational activities as outsourced data processors appointed in writing in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, or acting as autonomous data controllers (such as IT or storage service providers, mobile measurement partners, suppliers of mobile marketing services, and advertising networks and platforms such as Google AdMob).
If we carry out a corporate transaction or operation (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions), your personal data may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers, and may be one of the assets that is transferred to another owner.
If you choose to participate in a contest, sweepstakes or promotion we offer, information and content you submit in connection with the contest or promotion may be shared publicly as part of our marketing and advertising efforts (for example, your video submission in a contest and your social handle could be shared in our social channels).
Public, judicial or police authorities, within the limits established by applicable laws.
Personal data will not be disclosed for any reason other than those stated above, unless such disclosure is deemed necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation or if we request your consent.
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the UK or Switzerland to other countries outside the EEA. Such data transfers are based on appropriate safeguards in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, including (a) the standard contractual clauses developed by the European Commission; (b) the decisions of adequacy of the European Commission; or (c) binding corporate rules.
More information on the appropriate warranties are available for consultation by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
7. Your Rights
At any time and free of charge, you can exercise the following rights, as specified and subject to certain limitations and exceptions under Applicable Privacy Laws:
Right of access. You have the right to obtain information about the processing of your personal data and to access it.
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask for the updating, rectification or integration of your personal data.
Right to erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain a portable electronic copy of your personal data.
Right to object. Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the right to object to such processing, wholly or partly, on grounds related to your particular situation. In particular, you are entitled to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling.
Right to withdraw your consent. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent, although the processing carried out before your withdrawal of consent will remain valid.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent national Data Protection Authority, in particular before the Data Protection Authority of the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
To exercise your rights, or if you have any other questions about privacy or data protection at Bending Spoons, you can contact us by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request.
8. Children’s Personal Data
The app is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you believe we have received personal data from children under the age of 16, please email us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. If we learn that a user is under the age of 16, we will take reasonable steps to delete any processed data and close such user’s account.
9. Third-party Websites and Services
The app may include links to other websites or services operated by third parties. The activities described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to data processed by such third-party websites and services. We have no control over, and we are not responsible for, the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites and services.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify, integrate or update, in whole or in part, this Privacy Policy, and we will notify users of any modification, integration or update in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If we make modifications, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and, under certain circumstances, we may also notify you by additional means such as pop-up or push notifications within the app or our website, or email.
11. Additional Information for California Consumers
This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
a)
Additional Information Related to Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
We collect personal information from several sources: directly from you (for example, when you make purchases within the app or participate in a survey or contest); automatically when you use the app (for example, device information); and from other sources (for example, mobile measurement partners). We also generate inferences about you based on your use of the app and other information we collect.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law (such as gender if you participate in a survey); commercial information (such as purchases you make in the app); approximate geolocation information (such as country); audio and visual information (such as videos you share with us if you participate in a contest); inferences; and other information that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For details about the personal information we collect, please see
Section 2 (Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal Bases for Our Processing)
above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes listed in the chart in
Section 2
above.
We may share your personal information with the categories of third parties as described in
Section 5
above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers, internet and electronic network activity information, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law; commercial information; approximate geolocation information; and other information that we have inferred about you or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.
We do not sell your personal information. We do allow our advertising partners to collect certain device identifiers and electronic network activity via our app to show ads that are based on your interests. If you prefer to limit this activity, your device may include a feature (such as “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS, or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for interest-based advertising purposes.
b)
Rights of California Consumers
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to:
Request more details about the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we process.
Request the deletion of their personal information.
Opt out of “sales” of personal information that may be occurring.
Not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
If you’re a California consumer, to exercise these rights, or if you have any other questions about privacy or data protection at Bending Spoons, you can contact us by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. We may take steps to verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. California consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on their behalf and may also still ask them to verify their identity with us directly.
Last updated
: 8 January 2022
Can't find what you’re looking for?
Visit
the Support Center
.