Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1XDIpgEO0iB7MLD9IXcxPWSKA230bmy9_", "title": "Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (1).pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 3
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Receiptify for Spotify
„Receiptify“ mobile application (further called “Service”) is provided by Wulong Apps LLC and
intended for use „as is“. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our Privacy Policies
(including the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information) and Terms of Use if
anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the
collection and use of information in relation to this policy, as well as to our Terms of Use. We
may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Privacy Policy
The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We
will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
If you login with your Spotify account inside our mobile application, we only use your data to
provide you with our Service. All data gathered from your Spotify Account via tools provided by
Spotify for Developers is not stored locally and never sent to any third-party server ever.
Nevertheless some data might not be stored just locally and will be used like described in this
privacy policy. Those exceptions are as follows.
1. Usage data: We may also collect information based on your usage of the app. This is
always done with the sole purpose of improving the experience for our users. Examples:
e.g. frequency and duration of usage, significant events and encountered errors if
application has crashed etc. Some of this data is processed by Firebase Analytics (which
tracks user engagement and major events happening inside the app to provide insights
to developers) and Crashlytics (which provide crash reporting insights allowing
developers to fix issues faced by users while they experience the app).
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we
collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This
Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol address, device name,
operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and
date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Page 2 of 3
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third party code
and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the
option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your
device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this
Service.
Service Provides
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
● To facilitate our Service;
● To provide the Service on our behalf
● To perform Service-related services
● To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
● To display advertisement in our Service
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
● Amplitude
● Firebase
● Sentry
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise
you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no
responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Terms of Use
Page 3 of 3
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise
you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no
responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Using our Service and Copyright Protection
In order to use our service you have to authenticate yourself with your Spotify Account and
connect to Spotify’s servers otherwise this Service might be useless to you.
That said, Wulong Apps LLC, is not related to Spotify AB or any of its partners in any way. All
Spotify trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features
of the Spotify brand (“Spotify Brand Features”) are the sole property of Spotify or its licensors.
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content infringes upon your
copyrights, you may contact us via: wulong.apple.id@gmail.com
Copyright Protection
Our service displays some content that is not Receiptify’s. All images (e.g. cover art) are
copyrighted by their respective copyright owners. Using our Service does not give you ownership
of any intellectual property rights in our Service or the content you access. You may not use
content from our Service unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise
permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in
our Service. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our
Service.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (1).pdf
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (1).pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (1).pdf. Page 1 of 3