AFTERLIGHT
FAQ
Photo Support
VIDEO Support
Instagram
TIKTOK
download PHOTO
download VIDEO
Your Privacy matters.
Afterlight does not, and will never, share, store or collect any personal information or data.
At Afterlight, we are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and our user community. Any information stored within Afterlight Photo or Afterlight Video via information provided to us by Apple, or analytical data, will never be shared for any reason. Period. When you connect a social media account to our iOS apps, we do not handle or store or collect any of your personal information. Your information is private and is only in-use when you choose to share. As well, when you choose to email us feedback or a bug report, your name or email address will never be stored or shared.
Do we store your Image / video Data?
Never - Your photos/videos are always your photos/videos. We do not store any User Content in any way, nor do we store any image data on servers. Afterlight does not take ownership over any User Content edited with Afterlight nor do we track, measure, store or collect any face data.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent and saved to your computer's hard drive when visiting sites. Afterlight does not and will not use any identifying cookies for any reason.
Changes to this privacy policy
Afterlight may, in  its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to  time, and so you should review this page periodically. If we change our  policy for any reason, we will update the 'Last modified' date at the  bottom of this page.
Last modified: April 13, 2023
Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the Afterlight Photo and Afterlight Video mobile applications (the "Service") operated by Afterlight Collective, Inc. ("us", "we", or  "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription through the App Store.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription on the App Store will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. You may cancel your Subscription renewal through your App Store Account.
Content
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, or other material("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through the Service.
In addition, Content found on or through this Service are the property of Afterlight Collective, Inc. or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Afterlight Collective, Inc. and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Afterlight Collective, Inc.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Afterlight Collective, Inc. and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and  directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not  limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Afterlight Collective, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; or c) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Last modified: April 13, 2023