INTRODUCTION
Welcome to the ebazaar platform run by  AK Green Ireland and its affiliates (individually and collectively, “ebazaar”, “we”, “us” or “our”). bazaar takes its responsibilities under applicable privacy laws and regulations (“Privacy Laws”) seriously and is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all Users of our ebazaar platform (the “Platform”) (we refer to the Platform and the services we provide as described on our Platform collectively as the “Services”). We recognize the importance of the personal data you have entrusted to us and believe that it is our responsibility to properly manage, protect and process your data. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, disclose and/or process the personal data you have provided to us and/or we possess about you, whether now or in the future, as well as to assist you in making an informed decision before providing us with any of your data.
“Personal Data” or “personal data” means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which an organisation has or is likely to have access. Common examples of personal data could include name, identification number and contact information
By using the Services, registering for an account with us, visiting our Platform, or accessing the Services, you acknowledge and agree that you accept the practices, requirements, and/or policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent to us collecting, using, disclosing and/or processing your data as described herein. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES OR ACCESS OUR PLATFORM. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes or the amended Privacy Policy on our Platform. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
WHEN WILL E BAZAAR COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
We will / may collect personal data about you:
when you register and/or use our Services or Platform, or open an account with us;
when you submit any form, including, but not limited to, application forms or other forms relating to any of our products and services, whether online or by way of a physical form;
when you enter into any agreement or provide other documentation or information in respect of your interactions with us, or when you use our products and services;
when you interact with us, such as via telephone calls (which may be recorded), letters, fax, face-to-face meetings, social media platforms and emails;
when you use our electronic services or interact with us via our application or use services on our Platform. This includes, without limitation, cookies which we may deploy when you interact with our application or website;
when you carry out transactions through our Services;
when you provide us with feedback or complaints;
when you register for a contest; or
when you submit your data to us for any reason
The above does not purport to be exhaustive and sets out some common instances when personal data about you may be collected.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WILL E BAZAAR COLLECT?
The personal data that E Bazaar may collect includes but is not limited to:
name;
email address;
date of birth;
billing address;
bank account and payment information;
telephone number;
gender;
information sent by or associated with the device(s) used to access our Services or Platform;
any other information about the User when the User signs up to use our Services or Platform, and when the User uses the Services or Platform, as well as information related to how the User uses our Services or Platform; and
aggregate data on content the User engages with.
You agree not to submit any information to us which is inaccurate or misleading, and you agree to inform us of any inaccuracies or changes to such information. We reserve the right at our sole discretion to require further documentation to verify the information provided by you.
If you sign up to be a user of our Platform using your social media account (“Social Media Account”), link your ebazaar account to your Social Media Account or use any ebazaar social media features, we may access information about you that you have voluntarily provided to your Social Media Account provider by such provider’s policies, and we will manage and use any such personal data by this Policy at all times.
If you do not want us to collect the aforementioned information / personal data, you may opt out at any time by notifying our Data Protection Officer in writing. Further information on opting out can be found in the section below entitled “How can you withdraw consent, remove, request access to or modify information you have provided to us?”. Note, however, that opting out or withdrawing your consent for us to collect, use or process your data may affect your use of the Services and the Platform. For example, opting out of the collection of location information will cause its location-based features to be disabled.
COLLECTION OF OTHER DATA
As with most websites and mobile applications, your device sends information which may include data about you that gets logged by a web server when you browse our Platform. This typically includes without limitation your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, computer/mobile device operating system and browser type, type of mobile device, the characteristics of the mobile device, the unique device identifier
(UDID)
or mobile equipment identifier
(MEID)
for your mobile device, the address of a referring web site (if any), the pages you visit on our website and mobile applications and the times of visit, and sometimes a “cookie” (which can be disabled using your browser preferences) to help the site remember your last visit. If you are logged in, this information is associated with your account. The information is also included in anonymous statistics to allow us to understand how visitors use our site.
Our mobile applications may collect precise information about the location of your mobile device using technologies such as GPS, WiFi, etc. We collect, use, disclose and/or process this information for one or more purposes including, without limitation, location-based services that you request to deliver relevant content to you based on your location or to allow you to share your location with other Users as part of the services under our mobile applications. For most mobile devices, you can withdraw your permission for us to acquire this information on your location through your device settings. If you have questions about how to disable your mobile device’s location services, please contact your mobile device service provider or the device manufacturer.
COOKIES
We may from time to time implement “cookies” or other features to allow us or third parties to collect or share information that will help us improve our Platform and the Services we offer, or help us offer new services and features. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your computer or device and tell us how and when the Services or Platform are used or visited, by how many people and to track activity within our Platform. We may link cookie information to personal data. Cookies also link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase and pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart, for example. Cookies are also used to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor the usage of the Services.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Platform or the Services.
VIEWING AND DOWNLOADING CONTENT AND ADVERTISING
As when you view pages on our website or mobile application, when watching content and advertising and access other software on our Platform or through the Services, most of the same information is sent to us (including, without limitation, IP Address, operating system, etc.); but, instead of page views, your device sends us information on the content, advertisement viewed and/or software installed by the Services and the Platform and time.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US?
We may collect, use, disclose and/or process your data for one or more of the following purposes:
to consider and/or process your application/transaction with us or your transactions or communications with third parties via the Services;
to manage, operate, provide and/or administer your use of and/or access
to our Services and our Platform (including, without limitation, remembering your preference), as well as your relationship and user account with us;
to respond to, process, deal with or complete a transaction and/or to fulfil your requests for certain products and services and notify you of service issues and unusual account actions;
to enforce our Terms of Service or any applicable end-user license agreements;
to protect personal safety and the rights, property or safety of others;
for identification and/or verification;
to maintain and administer any software updates and/or other updates and support that may be required from time to time to ensure the smooth running of our Services;
to deal with or facilitate customer service, carry out your instructions, deal with or respond to any enquiries given by (or purported to be given by) you or on your behalf;
to contact you or communicate with you via voice call, text message, email and/or postal mail or otherwise to administer and/or manage your relationship with us or your use of our Services, such as but not limited to communicating administrative information to you relating to our Services. You acknowledge and agree that such communication by us could be by way of the mailing of correspondence, documents or notices to you, which could involve the disclosure of certain personal data about you to bring about delivery of the same as well as on the external cover of envelopes/mail packages;
to inform you when another User has sent you a private message or posted a comment for you on the Platform;
to conduct research, analysis and development activities (including, but not limited to, data analytics, surveys, product and service development and/or profiling), to analyse how you use our Services, to improve our Services or products and/or to enhance your customer experience;
to allow for audits and surveys to, among other things, validate the size and composition of our target audience, and understand their experience with Ebazaar’s Services;
for marketing and in this regard, to send you by various modes of communication marketing and promotional information and materials relating to products and/or services (including, without limitation, products and/or services of third parties with whom ebazaar may collaborate or tie up with) that ebazaar (and/or its affiliates or related corporations) may be selling, marketing or promoting, whether such products or services exist now or are created in the future. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing information at any time by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material. We may use your contact information to send newsletters from us and our related companies;
to respond to legal processes or to comply with or as required by any applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements of any relevant jurisdiction, including, without limitation, meeting the requirements to disclose the requirements of any law binding on ebazaar or its related corporations or affiliates;
to produce statistics and research for internal and statutory reporting and/or record-keeping requirements;
to carry out due diligence or other screening activities (including, without limitation, background checks) by legal or regulatory obligations or our risk management procedures that may be required by law or that may have been put in place by us;
to audit our Services or ebazaar’s business;
to prevent or investigate any fraud, unlawful activity, omission or misconduct, whether relating to your use of our Services or any other matter arising from your relationship with us, and whether or not there is any suspicion of the aforementioned;
to store, host, and back up (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) your data, whether within or outside of your jurisdiction;
to deal with and/or facilitate a business asset transaction or a potential business asset transaction, where such transaction involves bazaar as a participant or involves only a related corporation or affiliate of ebazaar as a participant or involves ebazaar and/or anyone or more of ebazaar’s related corporations or affiliates as a participant(s), and there may be other third party organisations who are participants in such transaction. A “business asset transaction” refers to the purchase, sale, lease, merger, amalgamation or any other acquisition, disposal or financing of an organisation or a portion of an organisation or any of the business or assets of an organisation; and/or
any other purposes which we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent.
(collectively, the “Purposes”).
As the purposes for which we will/may collect, use, disclose or process your data depend on the circumstances at hand, such purpose may not appear above. However, we will notify you of such other purpose at the time of obtaining your consent, unless processing of the applicable data without your consent is permitted by the Privacy Laws.
HOW DOES EBAZAAR PROTECT CUSTOMER INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your data on our systems. User personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. We will retain personal data by the Privacy Laws and/or other applicable laws. That is, we will destroy or anonymize your data when we have reasonably determined that
(a) the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such personal data;
(b) retention is no longer necessary for any legal or business purposes; and
(c) no other legitimate interests warrant further retention of such personal data. If you cease using the Platform, or your permission to use the Platform and/or the Services is terminated, we may continue storing, using and/or disclosing your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our obligations under the Privacy Laws. Subject to applicable law, we may securely dispose of your data without prior notice to you.
DOES E BAZAAR DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS FROM ITS VISITORS TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
In conducting our business, we will/may need to disclose your data to our third-party service providers, agents and/or our affiliates or related corporations,  for one or more of the above-stated Purposes. Such third-party service providers, agents and/or affiliates or related
corporations and/or other third parties would be processing your data either on our behalf or otherwise, for one or more of the above-stated Purposes. Such third parties include, without limitation:
our subsidiaries, affiliates and related corporations;
contractors, agents, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business. These include but are not limited to those which provide administrative or other services to us such as mailing houses, telecommunication companies, information technology companies and data centres;
A buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of ebazaar’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by ebazaar about our Service Users is among the assets transferred; or to a counterparty in a business asset transaction that ebazaar or any of its affiliates or related corporations is involved in; and
Third parties to whom disclosure by us is for one or more of the Purposes and such third parties would, in turn, be collecting and processing your data for one or more of the Purposes
This may require, among other things, sharing statistical and demographic information about our Users and their use of the Services with suppliers of advertisements and programming. This would not include anything that could be used to identify you specifically or to discover individual information about you.
For the avoidance of doubt, if Privacy Laws or other applicable laws permit an organisation such as us to collect, use or disclose your personal data without your consent, such permission granted by the laws shall continue to apply.
Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access personal data transmitted to or contained on the site, technologies may malfunction or not work as anticipated, or someone might access, abuse or misuse information through no fault of ours. We will nevertheless deploy reasonable security arrangements to protect your data as required by the Privacy Laws; however, there can inevitably be no guarantee of absolute security such as but not limited to when unauthorized disclosure arises from malicious and sophisticated hacking by malcontents through no fault of ours.
INFORMATION ON CHILDREN
The Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain any personal data or non-personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 nor is any part of our Platform or other Services directed to children under the age of 13. We will close any accounts used exclusively by such children and will remove and/or delete any personal data we believe was submitted by any child under the age of 13.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
Our Platform uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your device, to help the Platform analyse how Users use the Platform. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Platform (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Platform, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
We, and third parties, may from time to time make software application downloads available for your use via the Platform or through the Services. These applications may separately access, and allow a third party to view, your identifiable information, such as your name, your user ID, your device’s IP Address or other information such as any cookies that you may previously have installed or that were installed for you by a third party software application or website. Additionally, these applications may ask you to provide additional information directly to third parties. Third-party products or services provided through these applications are not owned or controlled by Ebazaar. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies published by such third parties on their websites or otherwise.
DISCLAIMER REGARDING SECURITY AND THIRD-PARTY SITES
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA AND / OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE ON THIRD-PARTY SITES.
We do implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your data that is in our possession or under our control. Your data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep personal data confidential. When you place orders or access your data, we offer the use of a secure server. All personal data or sensitive information you supply is encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may choose various third-party websites to link to, and frame within, the Platform. We may also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our visitors. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies as well as security arrangements. Even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or third-party websites (even if offered on or through our Platform) may not be received by us.
We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content, security arrangements (or lack thereof) and activities of these linked sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you, therefore, access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Platform and the links placed upon each of them and therefore welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including, without limitation, if a specific link does not work).
WILL EBAZAAR TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION OVERSEAS?
Your personal data and/or information may be transferred to, stored or processed outside of your country. In most cases, your data will be processed in Ireland, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. ebazaar will only transfer your information overseas by Privacy Laws.
HOW CAN YOU WITHDRAW CONSENT, REQUEST ACCESS TO OR CORRECT INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?
Withdrawing Consent
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your data in our possession or under our control by sending an email to our Personal Data Protection Officer at admin@ebazaar.ie. However, your withdrawal of consent may mean that we will not be able to continue providing the Services to you and we may need to terminate your existing relationship and/or the contract you have with us.
Requesting Access to or Correction of Personal Data
If you have an account with us, you may personally access and/or correct your data currently in our possession or control through the Account Settings page on the Platform. If you do not have an account with us, you may request access and/or correct your data currently in our possession or control by submitting a written request to us. We will need enough information from you to ascertain your identity as well as the nature of your request to be able to deal with your request. Hence, please submit your written request by sending an email to our Personal Data Protection Officer at admin@ebazaar.ie.
We may charge you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your requests to access your data. If we so choose to charge, we will provide you with a written estimate of the fee we will be charging. Please note that we are not required to respond to or deal with your access request unless you have agreed to pay the fee.
We reserve the right to refuse to correct your data in accordance with the provisions as set out in Privacy Laws, where they require and/or entitle an organisation to refuse to correct personal data in stated circumstances.
QUESTIONS, CONCERNS OR COMPLAINTS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, we welcome you to contact us by e-mail at admin@ebazaar.ie.
See Full Bio