Privacy Policy
Last Update: May. 20, 2022.
This Policy aims at informing you of the following
								content which might be involved in using GLIZA:
Our collection and use
									of your personal information
Our sharing, transfer
									and public disclosure of your personal information
Our protection of your
									personal information
Your
									rights
Our handling of
									personal information of minors
Global transfer of your
									personal information
Governing law and
									jurisdiction
Renewal of the
									Policy
Our contact
									details
With profound understanding of the importance of
								personal information to you, GLIZA will do its best to protect your personal information. We are
								committed to maintaining your trust in us and abiding by the following principles to protect your
								personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of
								explicit purpose, explicit consent principle, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of
								security, the principle of subject participation and the principle of publicity and transparency, etc.
								Furthermore, GLIZA promises to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information
								in accordance with the mature security standards in the industry. Please read and understand this
								Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or services). We will prompt you to read this
								privacy policy when you first enter the product and ask you to choose whether to accept or not. If you
								choose to consent, GLIZA will collect and use your personal information strictly for the purposes
								described in this policy, as detailed in article 1 of this policy; If you choose not to, GLIZA will not
								automatically collect and report your personal information.
I. Our Collection and Use of Your Personal
								Information with your consent
Personal information refers to all kinds of
								information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify the identity or reflect the activity
								of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. GLIZA will only
								collect and use your personal information out of the following purposes described in this
								Policy:
A. Business function two: Edit.
You may be required to
									grant the following permissions:(1) Album permissions: for reading and storing
									photos
If you refuse to grant any of the permissions above,
								the corresponding functions would not be realized. You can still use GLIZA for other
								functions.
When you edit a picture
									or video, the face information presented in this picture will be used. This face information is mainly
									used to identify the position of the face and facial features in the photo. Based on these positions,
									our application provides image editing functionalities. These face information data will only be used
									on your device, we will not collect and store it.
B. Business function three: In-app
								purchases
When you made in-app purchases in GLIZA, we will
								collect related order information , including IP address, unique device identification code, order
								number, transaction time, product category, product price and local language.
C. Business function four: Service optimization and
								in-time troubleshooting.
Your Device Id, IDFA,
									IP address, device model and operation log information may be collected to maintain the normal
									operation of service, troubleshoot products and improve and optimize services. The information
									necessary for service providing will be de-identified upon collection without being used to identify
									any specific user.
In the case of your
									feedback or consultancy to us, you are required to provide an Email address to contact you and help
									you to solve problems better
We will ask for your permission in advance of using
								your information for other purposes absent from the Policy.
II. Our Sharing, Transfer and Public Disclosure of
								Your Personal Information
A. Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any
								company, organization or individual other than Chengdu Painuo hudong Technology Co., Ltd., except as
								follows:
Sharing with explicit
									consent: we will share your personal information with other parties upon your explicit
									consent.
We may share your
									personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, need for litigation and
									dispute resolution, or compulsory requirements put forward by government authorities or judicial
									authorities.
We may provide your
									personal information for third parties when it is necessary for protecting Painuo and its users or the
									public interest, property or safety from damage to the extent required or permitted by
									law.
Sharing with authorized
									partners: some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. Currently, our authorized
									partners are only technical support partners, in order to complete the corresponding function, we will
									access to the third-party SDK for technical support. Such partners maybe asked to provide the
									following personal information, GLIZA may choose to use some of these partners in different periods or
									change partners, so the list of partners may be adjusted, see follow:
Name of Third-party SDK | SDK Company| Description
								of usage scenarios | Types of personal information shared | Privacy Policy ---|---|---|---|---|---
								Firebase|Google|For crash log collectio|Unique device identifier, geographic location information |
Firebase
GrowingIO| GrowingIO |
								For data statistics and analysis | Device MAC address, software usage and click history, unique device
								identifier, geographic location information |
GrowingIO
﻿
B. Transfer
We will never transfer your personal information to
								any company, organization, or individual, except as follows:
Transfer with explicit
									consent: we will transfer your personal information upon your explicit consent.
If transfer of personal
									information is involved in merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, we will request the new
									company or organization which holds your personal information to continue to follow this Privacy
									Policy; otherwise, we will request the company or organization to ask for your authorization again. C.
									Public Disclosure
We only disclose your personal information publicly
								in the following cases:
Your explicit consent
									is obtained;
Law-based disclosure:
									We may disclose your personal information publicly as required by laws, legal procedures, litigation
									or government authorities.
D. Exception
In accordance with the relevant laws and
								regulations, we may collect, share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information without
								obtaining your consent in the following cases.
Cases directly related
									to national interests such as national security and national defense security;
Cases directly related
									to vital public interests such as public safety, public health and public
									acquisition;
Cases directly related
									to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;
Cases where it is
									difficult to obtain your consent, but the purpose is to protect your or other individuals' vital
									legitimate interests such as life, property and reputation, etc.;
Cases where it is
									necessary for signing and performing contracts according to your requirements;
Cases where it is
									necessary for maintaining safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as
									identification or disposal of failures of products or services;
Cases where it is
									necessary for statistics or academic research in the public interest and personal information
									contained in the results of academic research or description provided externally is
									de-identified;
Cases where personal
									information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports,
									government information publicity, etc.;
Other circumstances
									stipulated by laws and regulations.
III. Our Protection of Your Personal
								Information
A. We’ve applied industry-standard safety protection
								measures to your personal information provided to prevent data from unauthorized access, public
								disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We’ll take all reasonable and feasible measures to
								protect your personal information. For example, exchange of data between your browser and the “Service”
								(such as credit card information) is protected by SSL encryption; we provide supporting Web service for
								products with HTTPS secure access; we’ll apply trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from
								malicious attack; we’ll deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can
								access personal information; and we will organize security and privacy protection training courses to
								strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of personal information
								protection.
B. We’ll take all reasonable and feasible measures
								to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We promise that the storage time of your
								personal information is always within rationally necessary term as required by laws or needed for
								realization of product features and services. We’ll delete or anonymize personal information immediately
								upon expiration.
C. We highly recommend avoiding sending personal
								information by means of Email, instant messaging and unencrypted ways to communicate with other GLIZA
								users, as the Internet environment is not absolutely safe. Please use complex passwords to help us keep
								your account secure.
D. We’ll do our best to ensure or guarantee the
								security of any information you send us, as the Internet environment is not 100%
								safe.
E. In case of incidents of personal information
								security, we will promptly inform you as required by laws and regulations of: the basic situation and
								possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions and
								remedies for you to prevent and reduce risk autonomously, etc. We will promptly inform you of everything
								about the incident by email, phone and push notification, etc., and make an announcement in a reasonable
								and effective manner when it is difficult to notify the subjects of individual information one by one.
								Furthermore, we will take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security
								incidents as required by regulatory authorities.
IV. Your Rights
We guarantee your following rights for your personal
								information in accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations and standards and common practices in
								other countries and regions:
A. To delete your personal
								information
You can request us to
									delete your personal information via the contact details in the end of this policy, if:(1) Our
									behavior of handling personal information violates laws and regulations;(2) We collect and use your
									personal information without your consent;(3) Our behavior of handling personal information violates
									the agreement with you;(4) We no longer provide you with products or services.
If we decide to respond
									to your request for information deletion, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your
									personal information from us at the same time and require them to delete the information in a timely
									manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities have obtained your
									separate authorization. we’ll delete it when the backup is updated.
B. To change the scope of your
								authorization
If you wish to withdraw your authorization, please
								contact us through the contact information provided in this policy. We will process your request within
								a reasonable time after receiving your email or registered mail. However, please understand and agree
								that when you withdraw certain authorization, the product function associated with it will become
								unavailable and we will not be able to continue to provide you with the specific function and/or
								services to which your consent or authorization is withdrawn, and your decision to withdraw
								authorization will not affect the personal information processing that was previously conducted based on
								your authorization.
C. To respond to your above
								requests
You may need to provide
									a written request, or otherwise prove your identity for security. We may ask you to authenticate
									yourself before processing your request. We’ll respond within fifteen days.
Your reasonable request
									is free of charge in principle, but we may charge the cost for repeated, unreasonable requests
									appropriately. We may reject requests that repeat for no reason, need excessive technical means (for
									example, need to develop a new system or alter existing practices radically), and are risky for the
									legitimate rights and interests of others or totally unrealistic (for example, involving information
									stored on backup tapes).
In accordance with laws
									and regulations, we are unable to respond to your request in the following cases:(1) It is directly
									related to national security and national defense security;(2) It is directly related to public
									safety, public health and vital public interests;(3) It is directly related to crime investigation,
									prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;(4) It is replete with evidence that you are malicious
									subjectively or abusing your rights;(5) Response to your request will impose serious damage to the
									legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations.(6) Any commercial
									secret is involved.
V. Our Handling of Personal Information of
								Minors
A. Our products, websites and services are primarily
								for adults. Minors are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of their
								parents or guardians. If you are a minor under the age of 14, please read this Policy together with your
								guardian and make sure of acquisition of explicit consent of your guardian before using our
								products/services and providing us with your personal information.
B. In the case of collecting personal information of
								minors upon consent of their parents, we’ll only use or publicly disclose the information when it is
								permitted by laws, agreed by parents or guardians explicitly or it is necessary for protecting the
								minors.
C. If your guardian refuses your use of our services
								or providing us with personal information in accordance with this Policy, please terminate your use of
								our services immediately and notify us in a timely manner.
VI. Governing law and
								jurisdiction
This privacy policy shall be governed by the laws
								where GLIZA is located. Disputes under this privacy policy shall be governed by the court of the
								defendant's domicile.
VII. Renewal of the Policy
A. Our privacy policy is subject to change or
								revision. We’ll never cut your entitlements under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
								We’ll post any change to this Policy on this page.
B. Major changes referred to in this Policy include
								but not limited to:
Changes in the purpose
									for which we process personal information, the types of personal information processed and the usage
									of personal information;
Changes in prime
									targets of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
When the personal
									information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high
									risk.
VIII. Our Contact Details
You can contact us for any question, comment,
								suggestion or compliant about this Policy or our service content in the following ways: please send
								emails to
support@Gliza.Art
﻿