Privacy Policy
Version update date: March 28, 2023
Version update date: March 28, 2023
Reminder terms
Guangzhou Sanjing Electric Co., Ltd. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "we" or "eSAJ Home", registered address: Sanjing Innovation Park, No. 9 Lizhishan Road, Science City, Huangpu District, Guangzhou City, Guangzhou Province) attaches great importance to the protection of personal information, when you use the services provided by "eSAJ Home" (hereinafter referred to as “eSAJ Home Services "), We will collect and use your personal information and that of your end users (i.e., "end users of your products", as follows) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Through this Privacy Policy, we hope to clearly introduce to you how we handle your personal information and that of your end users. Therefore, we suggest that you read this Privacy Policy in its entirety to help you understand how to protect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies to all the services provided by "eSAJ Home". This Privacy Policy applies to your visit to the operation and maintenance of “eSAJ Home”,and the services provided by “eSAJ Home”, including but not limited to our website, API, components, codes, tools and products and services continuously developed by us.
If there is a separate privacy policy for one or several services provided by "eSAJ Home", the privacy policy corresponding to such services and this Privacy policy will constitute a complete privacy policy of "eSAJ Home". If you allow us to share information with third party websites, you are also subject to the terms of service and privacy policy of the third party websites.
In particular, the products and services provided to you by third parties that display, link or repackage our services as the information control party shall comply with the provisions of the third party's privacy policy. We have no way to understand or control the purpose of their information collection and use. Before you have reviewed and accepted their privacy policy, please be cautious in accessing or using their services.
If you provide services in a member state of the European Union, the EU-specific provisions of this Privacy Policy will apply to you.
Before using the products or services of "eSAJ Home", please be sure to carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, In particular, you should focus on the terms marked with bold underline, use the relevant products or services after confirming full understanding and consent. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the contact information published by "eSAJ Home" (epay@saj-electric.com). If you do not agree with the contents of this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the service of “eSAJ Home”.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
I. How do we collect and use your personal information and that of your end users
II. How do we use Cookies and Web Beacons
III. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information and that of your end users
IV. How do we protect your personal information and that of your end users
V. How to manage your personal information and that of your end users
VI. How do we deal with minors' information
VII. Storage and global transfer of personal information of you and your end users
VIII. How to update this Privacy Policy
IX. Third-party SDK
X. How to contact us
I. How do we collect and use your personal information and that of your end users
When you use our products/services, you need/may choose to authorize us to collect and use personal information in the following scenarios:
(i) In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products/services, you need to authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide the above-mentioned necessary information, you will not be able to use our products/services normally;
(ii) In order to provide you with the expanded functions of our products/services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to normally use relevant additional functions or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products/services.
Scenarios in which you need to authorize us to collect and use personal information We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes stated in this policy in accordance with the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity. The way we collect information is as follows:
1. Help you become our user
In order to comply with the requirements of laws and regulations, when you register as a user of "eSAJ Home", you are required to provide at least your mobile phone number/email address to create a "eSAJ Home" account, and improve the relevant information (profile picture, nickname and login password, etc.);
If you choose to authorize the use of a third party account to log in, we will obtain your shared account information (such as profile picture, nickname, etc.) from the third party and bind it to your "eSAJ Home" account for quick login. We will use your personal information according to the agreement with the third party and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
2. Provide you with location-based information display
In order to provide you with high-quality information display and search services and improve our service performance, efficiency and function, we will collect relevant information generated during your use of our services with your authorization, including:
(i) Location information
When you enable the positioning function of your mobile device through system authorization and use location-based services, we will collect and use your location information to quickly create a power station for you (for example, you can automatically fill in the power station location without manually entering the location). We will use the technology to obtain your location information
(ii) Log information
When you use the products/services we provide, we will not collect your browsing, searching, clicking, favorites, sharing, publishing and other information and save them as related web logs, including your IP address, browser type, Language used, version of operating system, date and time of access, communications operators, network request, etc.
3. Help you complete the payment
When you pay for your order on "eSAJ Home", you can choose the services provided by "eSAJ Home’s" third-party cooperative institutions (such as Wechat Pay, Alipay and other partners) to pay. We need to collect your "eSAJ Home" order information, reconciliation information and other necessary information required by law and share with these partners to confirm your payment order and help you complete the payment.
4, Provide you with security
In order to ensure the security of your account, transaction and system operation, and meet the relevant requirements of laws and regulations and our agreement rules, we will obtain your device information with your authorization during your access and use of our products/services. Including your use of the equipment model, hardware serial number, MAC address, the only equipment identification number (such as IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID/OAID, SIM card IMSI, ICCID information such as device identifier), mobile application list, communications operators and other software and hardware feature information. Without your authorization, we will not obtain the above information in advance.
In order to improve the security of your use of the services provided by us and prevent phishing website fraud and Trojan virus more accurately, we may use or integrate your personal information and the information authorized by you or shared by our affiliated parties and partners in accordance with the law, and comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks according to your usage habits and commonly used software information, including identity verification. To prevent, detect and investigate possible fraud, network viruses, network attacks and other security risks, as well as violations of our or affiliate agreements, policies or rules, to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users, us or affiliates, and to record some links (" URL ") that we consider to be risky.
5. Personal information we may collect indirectly
To complete identity verification, ensure account security, confirm transaction status and provide you with after-sales service and dispute resolution, After your authorization, we may obtain your personal information from the third party (for example, collect your transaction, payment, ticketing, hotel reservation, takeout reservation and other information related to the progress of the transaction through the transaction object you choose and the third-party information system directly involved in the transaction, payment institutions, etc.), so as to facilitate our processing of your order and ensure the successful completion of the service. Or better prevent scams, brushing, and other malicious acts). According to the requirements of laws and regulations and the agreement with the third party, we will obtain your relevant information from the affiliated parties and partners of “eSAJ Home” after your authorization, and use your information after confirming the legitimacy of their information sources.
6. Extension functions based on camera licensing
You can choose to open the camera permission of the system, and authorize “eSAJ Home” to access your camera by taking photos, recording videos, scanning code and other functions, so that you can replace account avatar/power station avatar/LOGO by taking photos or local albums, recording videos and uploading fault videos. If you need to record and publish audio videos, You also need to enable the microphone permission. We will collect the above information uploaded and published by you. You can disable this function in the system permission. Once you disable this function, you may not be able to realize the function of scanning code, or you may not be able to replace your avatar /LOGO by taking pictures or videos, or upload the fault video, but it will not affect the basic functions of the service of “eSAJ Home”.
7. Expansion function based on album authorization
You can choose to enable the album permission of the system and authorize us to access your albums by actively uploading pictures and videos, so that you can publish content by uploading photos or videos. We will collect the above information you choose to upload and publish. You can turn off this function in the system permission. Once it is turned off, you may not be able to change your profile picture or post comments with pictures by uploading pictures and videos, but it will not affect the basic functions of the service of “eSAJ Home”.
8. Extended functions based on microphone authorization
You can enable the microphone rights of the system and use the voice technology to implement voice interaction functions, such as voice search and intelligent filling. We will collect the voice information you input in the process of using intelligent voice technology for machine recognition, online interaction and to meet your search needs. You can disable this function in the system permission. Once you disable this function, you may not be able to realize the online voice interaction function, but it will not affect the basic functions of the service of “eSAJ Home”.
9. Extension function based on address book authorization
You may authorize (for example, through a separate Information Authorization Agreement, etc.) the use of our services to create communication and sharing functions, And allow “eSAJ Home” to access the address book information and public information (avatar, nickname, etc.) in your cell phone or other third-party social media platforms, so that you and your contacts in your address book who are also authorized to enable this feature can share relevant content (avatar, nickname, rating information, etc.) on “eSAJ Home” for interactive functions. You can disable this function in the system permission. Once you disable this function, you may not be able to realize the interactive function based on the address book, but it will not affect the basic functions of the service of “eSAJ Home”.
10. Cancel the account
You can log out of an account by clicking My - Settings - Account and Security - Log Out. Before logout, please read and agree to the Account Cancellation Agreement. After you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, unless otherwise stipulated by relevant laws and regulations.
(II) Others
You can book various products/services for others through “eSAJ Home” and provide information about the actual service recipients, before you ensure that you have obtained the relevant person's authorization.
If we use Information for other purposes not specified in this Policy, or if we use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your authorized consent separately.
(III) Exceptions to consent
Please be aware that we do not need your authorization to collect and use personal information under the following circumstances:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract to which the individual is a party, or necessary for the implementation of human resources management in accordance with the labor rules and regulations formulated according to law and the collective contract signed according to law;
2. Necessary for the performance of statutory duties or obligations;
3. Necessary for responding to public health emergencies or protecting the life, health and property safety of natural persons under emergency circumstances;
4. Conduct news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable scope;
5. Process personal information disclosed by individuals or otherwise legally disclosed in accordance with the provisions of this law within a reasonable range;
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please note that information that alone or in combination with other information does not identify you or connect you directly is not personal information. If we use information that alone cannot be linked to any particular individual in combination with other information to identify a natural person personally, or use it in combination with personal information, such information will be deemed to be personal information for the duration of such combined use.
(IV) Device permission call
1. In order to ensure the normal implementation of relevant business functions, we need to invoke the corresponding necessary permissions according to specific usage scenarios, and pop-up window to ask you before invoking. Please see the following table for specific permission invocation instructions:
（1）IOS system permission call description
Device Permissions
Purpose of use
Whether to ask
whether to close
Location
Used to locate the location of the power station when creating the power station and to locate the device when locally connected
Pop-up window asking when opening the client for the first time
Yes
Calling
For user to make a call
Ask before user makes a call
Yes
Camera
For code scanning, photo taking, picture uploading
Ask when user initiates photo taking, code scanning, picture uploading
Yes
Bluetooth
For device local connection parameter debugging, auxiliary positioning, etc.
Asked when the user connects to the device via Bluetooth
Yes
Photo
For writing and reading user photo album information
Ask before user initiates code scanning and uploading
Yes
（2）Android system permission call description
Device Permissions
Purpose of use
Whether to ask
whether to close
Location
Used to locate the location of the power station when creating the power station and to locate the device when locally connected
Pop-up window asking when opening the client for the first time
Yes
Calling
For user to make a call
Ask before user makes a call
Yes
Camera
For code scanning, photo taking, picture uploading
Ask when user initiates photo taking, code scanning, picture uploading
Yes
Bluetooth
For device local connection parameter debugging, auxiliary positioning, etc.
Asked when the user connects to the device via Bluetooth
Yes
Photo
For writing and reading user photo album information
Ask before user initiates code scanning and uploading
Yes
Storage
Used to store photos and videos taken by users, or to enable firmware updates or page data caching, etc.
Ask before user-initiated uploads
Yes
2. Information collected during your use of the Service
We will collect different information according to the different “eSAJ Home” service you choose. The services we provide may vary in different countries or regions.
(1) “eSAJ Home” Statistical Analysis Service (U-App/U-Web)
“eSAJ Home” Statistical analysis services help you understand how your end users use your products (including services, including but not limited to mobile application clients, mobile websites, application platforms, PC websites, sites and other terminals that “eSAJ Home” can confirm to provide services, the same as below), and help you analyze the performance of your products on different terminal devices. After you integrate the “eSAJ Home” Statistical Analysis tool into your product, your product will collect and transmit data to our server through the “eSAJ Home” Statistical Analysis Tool.
Data that can be collected and stored through the statistical analysis tool of “eSAJ Home” includes, but is not limited to: SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, time stamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, medium access control (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identification Number (IMEI), device model, sensor parameters, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system Version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone, network status (such as WiFi), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage.
Depending on your product type and your requirements for statistical analysis options, including but not limited to user geographic distribution correction, anti-cheating, and anti-brushing, your end user data may also include: your end user's identifier in your product, geographic location, user-triggered events, errors, and page views. In addition, HTTP/HTTPS requests sent through the “eSAJ Home” statistical analysis tool may also contain information such as the IP address, device type, and region of your end user.
(2) “eSAJ Home” Social Sharing Service (U-Share)
“eSAJ Home” Social sharing service, to help your application or game quickly with domestic and foreign multi-platform sharing function, and to provide you with sharing reflux and other data analysis services, to help your product development and promotion. We collect device identifiers (IMEI/Mac/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) and public information of social accounts to share information with target devices and designated social accounts. Collect geographical location screening sharing channel, provide anti-cheating services.
(3) “eSAJ Home” Intelligent Hyperlink Service (U-Link)
“eSAJ Home” Intelligent hyperlink service provides developers with the closed-loop ability to download or start App from the promotion link of H5 page, so that users can conveniently jump from H5 web page to App client when using products, and realize the ability of scene restoration, so as to improve user experience and developers' new and recall efficiency. We uniquely identify users by collecting unique device identifiers (such as IMEI/Mac/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID and SIM card IMSI information), so as to provide intelligent hyperlink services. Intelligent hyperlink service has basic anti-cheating function, which can eliminate cheating devices by obtaining location information and improve the fission pulling effect.
(4) Data Intelligence Platform (U-DIP)
Based on the data legally collected by the “eSAJ Home” data service, we will process the crowd data in accordance with the industry-leading data security technologies such as de-identification, anonymization and pseudonym, and build a data intelligence platform. The platform provides you with data services by means of data plus intelligent engine services. For example, it can classify end users with common characteristics and preferences, provide group management and group labeling services, and help optimize delivery and enhance marketing effect. We ensure that the privacy of your end users is not compromised or violated.
(5) Industry reporting services
We will make performance evaluation or behavior pattern analysis report (hereinafter referred to as "industry report") of the products in the industry, specific region and market through de-identified statistical analysis of the data legally collected. Industry reports will be presented in aggregate form of unidentifiable personal information, either self-published by eSAJ Home or customized to your needs.
In particular, we will also make evaluation results of certain products or certain types of products according to the algorithm model of “eSAJ Home”. The evaluation results may be derived from the data obtained from your products and therefore show certain consistency with your products, but these evaluation results are calculated by us based on the algorithm model for the purpose of evaluation, and are aggregated and anonymous.
(6) Visit and browse the “eSAJ Home” platform or “eSAJ Home” client
During your use of our services, we may automatically collect your usage information and store it as network log information in order to identify abnormal account status and device status, understand and/or optimize product suitability, and provide you with page display and search results that better meet your needs. When you use the Services of “eSAJ Home” or visit the websites involved in the “eSAJ Home” Platform, “eSAJ Home” automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, type of browser, language used, date and time of access, software and hardware characteristics information, and the web records you require. For example, when you visit the mobile website and use the service of “eSAJ Home”, “eSAJ Home” may read information related to your location and mobile device, including but not limited to device model, device identifier, operating system, resolution, communications operators, etc. When you use the “eSAJ Home” client, we will collect and store data including but not limited to: SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, time stamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, network adapter (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identification Number (IMEI), device model, sensor parameters, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system Version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone, network status (such as WiFi), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage. In order to better serve you, the “eSAJ Home” client has integrated its own developer operation tools such as U-Push and U-Share. The fields collected by these developer operation tools are consistent with those collected by the “eSAJ Home” developer operation tool in paragraph (3) of this article.
(7) Others
In addition to the above information, we may also collect other information from you for the reasonable purpose of providing services and improving the quality of services, including the information you provide when you contact our customer service team, the information you send to us when you participate in the questionnaire, and the information you send to us in response to the questionnaire. And the information we collect when you interact with the affiliated parties and partners of “eSAJ Home”.
At the same time, in order to improve the security of your use of “eSAJ Home” service and prevent phishing website fraud and Trojan horse virus more accurately, we may judge the risks of your account by understanding some of your network usage habits, your commonly used software information and other means, and may record some URL that we think are risky.
Please note that individual device information and service log information cannot identify a specific natural person. If we use such non-personal information in combination with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be regarded as personal information during the period of combined use, and we will anonymize and de-identify such information unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
3. Authorization and use of end-user data
You are the end user's information controller, we provide you with data processing services, but unable to control how you use the data belonging to or about your end users. You should use your end user data in a manner consistent with applicable legal and ethical obligations.
If you accept this Privacy Policy and integrate our SDK, API, JS code or other statistical analysis tools and developer tools into your products, you shall ensure that we can lawfully collect and use relevant personal information about your end users in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirements and the provisions of this Privacy Policy. Finally, it is reflected in the form of statistical analysis data, crowd portraits, labels and so on.
You must ensure that you have complied with and will continue to comply with applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, including but not limited to the development and publication of policies related to the protection of personal information and privacy, and you shall also provide end-users with easy-to-operate options and inform end-users how to exercise their options.
To make it easier for your end users to understand our Privacy Policy, or applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, you should include a link to our Privacy Policy in your Privacy Policy. If your end users do not want their personal information to be processed and used by us, you can tell your end users to log out at https://fop.saj-electric.com.
If you provide services in an EU Member State, you understand that you must have an appropriate legal basis for processing personal data. These legal bases may include: to perform a contract with an end user (for example, to provide the requested services to the end user, to identify and authenticate them so that they can use the site); To comply with legal requirements (e.g., to comply with applicable accounting rules, to comply with mandatory disclosure requirements by law enforcement); For your legitimate benefit (e.g., managing your relationship with end users, communicating our products and services to end users in order to ensure the security of the services); And based on the consent of the end user (for example, placing cookies, sharing end user information with third parties for advertising purposes). You hereby further warrant that you shall require your end users to agree to our Privacy Policy in your Privacy Policy. If your end users make us suffer any form of claims, appeals and complaints caused by the collection, use and disclosure of their information under this Privacy Policy, you will be responsible for the comprehensive settlement; If you cause us the corresponding form of loss, you will be responsible for giving us full compensation.
If you provide services in an EU Member State, end users have the right, under applicable law, to object to or request restrictions on the processing of their personal data and to request access, correction, deletion and right of portability. Where your use of End User information is based on their consent, End users also have the right to withdraw such consent at any time. If you need our assistance to meet the rights requirements of your end users, you can inform us through the work order system (the specific path is to log in your account, click the customer service work order, select the type of legal question consultation and privacy policy consultation for work order feedback), and we will provide assistance to you. You understand that your end users may complain to the regulatory authorities if they believe that your handling of their personal data violates applicable law.
When you use our products/services, you need/may choose to authorize us to collect and use personal information in the following scenarios:
(1) In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products/services, you need to authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide the above-mentioned necessary information, you will not be able to use our products/services normally;
(2) In order to provide you with the expanded functions of our products/services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to normally use relevant additional functions or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products/services.
(V) Others
You can book various products/services for others through “eSAJ Home” and provide information about the actual service recipients, before you ensure that you have obtained the relevant person's authorization.
If we use Information for other purposes not specified in this Policy, or if we use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your authorized consent separately.
II. How do we use Cookies and Web Beacons
In order to make your access experience easier, we may identify you through small data files when you visit the “eSAJ Home” platform or use the services provided by “eSAJ Home”, so as to save you the steps of repeatedly entering registration information, or to help you judge the security of your account. These data files may be Cookies, Flash Cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated application (hereinafter referred to as"Cookies").
Please understand that some of our services are only available through the use of cookies. If your browser or browser add-on service allows it, you can open the Settings option of your browser, select Privacy Settings, check "Do not Track", or disable Cookies so that your data will not be tracked by us.
Web pages often contain some electronic images (called "Single Pixel GIF Files" or "Web Beacons"). Web beacons can help websites count users browsing web pages or access certain cookies. We collect information about your web browsing activities through web beacons. For example, the address of the page you visit, the address of the referenced page you visited previously, the time you stay on the page, your browsing environment, display settings, etc.
III. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information and that of your end users
1. Sharing
We are obligated to keep your information confidential and will not sell or rent your and end-user information to third parties for marketing or illegal purposes. We will not share your end User's personal information with any third party except:
(1) Prior consent or authorization from the subject of personal information rights.
(2) In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations or the requirements of administrative or judicial organs.
(3) If your end user is the intellectual property complainant of “eSAJ Home” and has filed a complaint, at the request of the respondent, disclose to the respondent so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes.
(4) Only by sharing information about your end users can we provide services or handle disputes or disputes between your end users and others.
(5) Share with advertisers, media and other partners. We will work with these partners to use the desensitized data processed by the U-DIP data center in various forms for commercial use, including optimizing advertising and improving marketing effectiveness. We will not share your end user's personally identifiable information with our partners unless authorized by the end user. We provide these partners with data about the advertisement crowd strategy data or advertiser's advertising effect data, but we do not provide any personally identifiable information, or we aggregate this information so that it cannot be identified.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with our sharing partners, requiring them to process and use data in accordance with our privacy policy and strict data security measures.
(6) Share your personal information with the affiliated companies of “eSAJ Home”.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your end User's Personal Information to any third party unless:
(1) Obtain the consent of your end users.
(2) In the case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your end user's personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek authorization from your end user again.
3. Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose the personal information of your end users under the following circumstances
(1) Obtaining the express consent of you or your end users;
(2) Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose your personal information or your end users' personal information when required by law, legal proceedings, lawsuits or government authorities.
(3) to protect the important legal rights and interests of us, our customers, end users or others in the event of an emergency, as reasonably judged.
IV. How do we protect your personal information and that of your end users
In order to protect the information security of you and your end users, we will strive to take reasonable physical, electronic and management security measures in accordance with the industry standard to protect your information, and use our best reasonable efforts to prevent you and your end users' information from being leaked, damaged or lost. Protected by SSL protocol encryption when exchanging data between your browser and the server; We provide HTTPS protocol for secure browsing of the website; We will use encryption to make personal information more secure; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on personal information; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information; And we will organize security and privacy training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
We have an industry-advanced data security management system that takes data as the core and focuses on data life cycle, from the organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology and other aspects to improve the security of the entire system.
The information we collect is kept in a secure operating environment that is not open to the public. To avoid unauthorized access to your information, we store it in a server that is protected by a firewall and may be encrypted. However, no system is perfectly secure, please understand that there is no such thing as "perfect security measures" on information networks. Even with our best efforts, we may not be able to eliminate unauthorized access to your personal information and that of your end users. In addition, we may be misled by unreliable, misleading or illegal information because we cannot judge whether others' statements are true or not.
In case of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you or your end users, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, of the basic information and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, the suggestions that you and your end users can independently prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you and your end users, etc. We will inform you and your end users of the relevant information by email, letter, telephone, push notification and other means. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will make announcements in a reasonable and effective way. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
We will take reasonable and practicable measures to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information. We will only retain your personal information and that of your end users only for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes set forth in this Policy, unless retention is required by law. Our criteria for judging the aforementioned period include:
1. Complete the service purpose related to you, maintain the corresponding service and business records, and respond to your possible business requirements;
2, to ensure that we provide you with the safety and quality of services;
3. Whether you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Whether there is any other special agreement on the retention period.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information as required by applicable law.
V. How to manage your personal information and that of your end users
You can access and manage your information in the following ways.
1. Query, correct and supplement your information. We will endeavour to enable you to review, correct or supplement the information you have with us. To review, correct or add, please visit our website and log in to your account to do so. If the exercise of a right cannot be performed on the account page, you can contact us through the contact information in this policy, and we will assist you to perform the corresponding operation.
2. Account cancellation and deletion of your personal information.
If you do not wish to continue using our products, you can contact us at epay@saj-electric.com. You can also go to Sanjing Innovation Park, No.9 Litchi Road, Science City, Guangzhou High-tech Industrial Development Zone, and submit your application for account cancellation to us. We will usually respond to your application within 15 working days. However, in order to secure your account, we will identify you, verify and process your request, and we will require you to provide sufficient and valid identification information. After your account is canceled, we will no longer provide services for you. If you want us to delete your personal information, you can also submit an application to us to delete your personal information.
3. Obtain copies of personal information.
You have the right to obtain a copy of your basic personal information by sending us a request. If the technology is feasible, such as data interface matching, we can also directly transfer a copy of your personal information to the third party designated by you according to your request.
If your end users need to obtain a copy of their personal information, they can make a request to us, and we will return the copy of their personal information after we complete the identity verification of the end users.
VI. How do we deal with minors' information
We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. We do not accept any minors to register as our users.
If your application is developed for minors, please take the necessary measures to ensure that the registration and use of your end users have obtained the consent of their guardians, and you shall fulfill the corresponding notification obligations in your Privacy policy. It is important to note that as an app for minors, you also need to comply with the approval standards and guidelines of the app market for minors, so as not to have any impact on the launch or normal operation of your app.
Subject to the existing technology and business model, it is difficult for us to proactively identify the information of minors. If the guardian of minors finds that there is unauthorized collection of minors' personal information, the guardian can inform us to delete it. If we find the above situation, we will also voluntarily delete it.
VII. Storage and global transfer of personal information of you and your end users
If you use the overseas version of SDK services provided by us, you are fully aware and understand that different countries or regions have their own regulatory requirements on the collection, storage, use and sharing of data and personal information, and you should take the initiative to comply with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of overseas countries or regions. You agree that the overseas version of SDK services provided by us will only be used in countries or regions outside the mainland China. If you use the overseas version of SDK services provided by us in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, you may be suspected of violating the relevant provisions of the Network Security Law of the People's Republic of China concerning cross-border transmission, and the corresponding risks and consequences arising therefrom shall be borne by you. If “eSAJ Home” suffers any form of appeal, appeal, complaint, punishment, etc., you will be responsible for the comprehensive settlement; If any kind of loss occurs to “eSAJ Home”, you are responsible for giving us full compensation. At the same time, “eSAJ Home” reserves the right to stop the relevant data statistical service.
When using the overseas version of SDK services, the information and data collected by “eSAJ Home” about your end users will be transferred to “eSAJ Home” servers in Singapore or Germany. You shall consent to or obtain the consent of the end user regarding this cross-border transfer. We strongly recommend that you consult local professionals to ensure that this cross-border transmission complies with local regulatory requirements. In particular, when cross-border transmission involves Russia, India, the European Union, the United States and other countries or regions, please pay attention to the personal information regulations of these countries and regions. You agree that the risks and responsibilities arising from cross-border transmission will be your own.
If you use the Chinese version SDK and other services provided in China, we will store your data in China. In order to prevent you from violating local regulatory regulations due to lack of understanding of the relevant laws and regulations on data protection in the country or region where your end user is located, we strongly recommend that you use the “eSAJ Home” service only within the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If you use the service of “eSAJ Home” outside the mainland of the People's Republic of China, you shall comply with the legal requirements related to cross-border transmission and transfer, and bear all the risks that may arise. If any kind of loss occurs to “eSAJ Home”, you shall be responsible for compensating us in full.
If your end users do not accept this Privacy Policy, all risks and consequences arising therefrom shall be borne by you. If “eSAJ Home” suffers from any form of claims, appeals, complaints, penalties, etc., you will be responsible for the comprehensive settlement; If any kind of loss occurs to “eSAJ Home”, you shall be responsible for compensating us in full.
If you provide services in the EU, our business may require us to transfer your end user's personal data to a country outside the EU. These countries may offer different levels of data protection than EU countries. We, as the recipient of your end user's personal data, take appropriate steps to ensure that confidentiality obligations are met and that measures such as standard contract terms are enforced.
VIII. How to update this Privacy Policy
We may adjust or change this Privacy Policy at a timely time. Any update to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the “eSAJ Home” website by indicating the date of update. Unless otherwise required by laws, regulations or regulatory regulations, the adjustment or change will take effect 7 days after the notice or publication. We do not limit your rights under this policy without your express consent. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notification (including notification through the website or homepage of the client or even provide you with pop-up tips).
Material changes referred to in this Policy include, but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has changed significantly. For example, the purpose of processing user information and the way of using user information.
2. We have major changes in control, organizational structure, etc. For example, change of owner caused by business restructuring, bankruptcy and merger, etc.
3. The main object of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure has changed.
4. Your rights to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise them have changed significantly;
5, we are responsible for dealing with the user information security department, contact information and complaint channels change.
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is high risk.
IX. Third-party SDK
In order to ensure the realization of the relevant functions of “eSAJ Home” APP and the safe and stable operation of the application, we may access the Software Development Kit (SDK) provided by a third party for relevant purposes. In order to protect data security, we will strictly monitor the Software Development Kit (SDK) from which our partners obtain information. We will carefully evaluate the purpose of related party and third party data use of shared information, conduct a comprehensive assessment of the security guarantee ability of these partners, and require them to follow the cooperation legal agreement. We will strictly monitor the Software Development Kit (SDK) and application program interface (API) through which partners obtain information, so as to protect data security. Access to third-party SDK directories is as follows:
Note that the data processing type of third-party SDK may change due to version upgrade or policy adjustment. Please refer to their official instructions published.
• Amap
Service type: Location SDK
Purpose: To help users locate a power station when creating it, display the location of the power station during operation and maintenance, and provide geographical location information when providing technical support services, facilitating management and maintenance of the power station.
Usage information: device ID information, geographical location information.
Usage scope: Users, technical support.
Website link: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/
• Google Maps
Service type: Location SDK
Purpose: To help overseas users locate the power station when creating it, display the location of the power station during operation and maintenance, and provide geographical location information when providing technical support services, so as to facilitate the management and maintenance of the power station.
Usage information: device ID information, geographical location information.
Usage scope: Users, technical support.
Website link: https://developers.google.cn/maps/documentation/
• Alipay
Service type: Payment SDK
Purpose: To help users use Alipay within the application.
Usage information: Device ID information.
Usage scope: Users, technical support.
Website link: https://open.alipay.com/platform/home.html/
• Wechat Pay
Service type: Payment SDK
Purpose: To help users use wechat Pay in the app.
Usage information: Device ID information.
Usage scope: Users, technical support.
Website link: https://pay.weixin.qq.com/wiki/doc/api/index.html/
• Umeng
Service type: Statistical analysis SDK
Usage information: device information (IMEI/MAC/Android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI/location, etc.)
Usage scope: Users, technical support.
Privacy policy link: https://www.umeng.com/page/policy
• MobTech SDK
Service type: social sharing, third-party login (QQ login, wechat login, etc.)
Purpose: To give the App the ability of social sharing
Usage information: system operation information, network status information, International Mobile Equipment Identification Code (IMEI), Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), International Mobile User Identification Code (IMSI), application list information, base station information, social platform OpenID, geographical location
Usage scope: Users
Privacy policy link: www.mob.com/about/policy
X, How to contact us
If you have any questions, suggestions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at epay@saj-electric.com. You can also get in touch with us at Sanjing Innovation Park, No.9 Litchi Road, Science City, Guangzhou High-tech Industrial Development Zone. We will reply to the inquiry within 15 working days after receiving it.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction in the place where the defendant is domiciles.