We use cookies to optimise our website and our service.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
Preferences
Save preferences
Preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Pleasure Beach Resort and its venues are private property and the following terms and conditions regulate your access to and use of our website, our Amusement Park, Venues, our services and our contractual relationship with you when you purchase goods and/or services from s. References to Us/We/Our shall mean Blackpool Pleasure Beach Limited and You/Your shall mean the guest with whom we have a contract and others associated with him/her for the provision of services and/or goods.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy relates to the Pleasure Beach Resort Website located at www.blackpoolpleasurebeach.com and bookings.blackpoolpleasurebeach.com. We are committed to protecting your privacy and the following gives you information on how we will collect, use, hold and disclose your personal data, and how we will comply with our legal obligations in relation to that data. Personal data is information which relates to an individual and from which he/she can be identified either directly or indirectly, which individuals are referred to as data subjects.
Use of our Website
2.1 You may use aspects of our Website without the need to provide personal information, however, other aspects may not be available without personal information, e.g. ordering products/services online, entering competitions, applying for employment or registering for promotional offers. We may collect anonymous information about your use of our Website from Cookies* and/or pixel tags. This collected information is used for statistical analysis within our business. However our use of Cookies and/or pixel tags is in accordance with the Law and you can choose whether or not to accept them. We may also collect Internet Protocol addresses to assist us to diagnose and rectify problems with our Servers, but these addresses will not be linked to a person’s name or identity. If our Website contains links to other websites then we are not responsible for those site and you must check privacy and security on these.
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our Website. Where we do so we will provide information to you about the type of service offered, whether it is moderated and whether it is human or technical. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service and exclude all liability arising therefrom and parents who permit their child to take part must assess risk beforehand. All contributions must be honest, lawful and genuinely held (where opinion is given). We are not a publisher of contribution within an interactive service facility.
*A Cookie is a small file of information typically of letters and numbers, which are stored on your computer. Web sites you visit ask your computer to store this information and retrieve it from your computer so that they can keep track of things like other web sites you visit or how you use the site. The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 govern Cookies.
2.2   Your Information
Your information refers to the details about you (for example name, address, contact details, credit/debit card details, preferences, specific needs, interests etc.) that you supply to us or is supplied to us. Your information is collected when you request information from us, apply for a job with us, contact us with regard to any specific enquiry, register with us, enter a competition or buy anything from us online. The amount of information we collect is controlled by you.
2.2.1   Use of Information
We will use your information for (i) the fulfilment of a contract between you and us, (ii) to provide you with periodic information about our business, products and services, based on your preferences and consent, (iii) informing you of updates to our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy, (iv) to administer our Website, (v) make an enquiry about us and/or seek information about or products and services, (vi) apply for employment, (vi) and seeking your further consent.
2.2.2   Location of Information
Your information will be held in either our own (or a third party with whom we have a contractual relationship) secure databases at a secure addresses to prevent unauthorised access. The systems used are configured with data encryption or scrambling technologies and industry standard firewalls. Unless fulfilment of our obligation to you requires your information to pass outside the EEA then it will remain within the EEA. Control of information outside the EEA may be less than within
2.2.3   Controller/Processor
Blackpool Pleasure Beach Limited is the data controller, and your data is processed by its staff for whom it has responsibility.
2.2.4   Third Parties
If you are providing information on, or for and on behalf of, third parties then it is your responsibility to obtain their consent and make them aware of our Privacy Policy.
We will not share your data with any third party except those who are needed for us to fulfil our contract with you and/or who provide services to us to enable us to carry out market research but this is limited to enquires into your visit to our Amusement Park and you are free to refuse to participate.
2.2.5   Amendments
To enable us to improve our product(s)/services(s) we review our Policies periodically and amendments may be made and if these are relevant in relation to our use of your data then we shall contact you to ask for your consent.
2.2.6   Retention
We will retain and store your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the matters set out in 2.2.1 and will not be retained indefinitely or for reasons incompatible with relevant data protection legislation.
2.2.7   Health, Safety and Security
We operate CCTV at Pleasure Beach in certain areas and your image may be captured and processed and this is done to assist us and any Statutory Body in ensuring your reasonable safety and security during your visit. eTickets contain a unique bar code which is read on each occasion you use certain of our rides and attractions and this reading assists us in the safe operation of our premises and to reconcile participation in the event of an incident. In the unlikely event that you require first aid assistance whilst visiting our Amusement Park, then trained members of staff will administer this. As part of this provision, staff will ask you for information about you and your health in order that the correct assistance is given and this will be recorded upon a first aid document which may be shared with the Ambulance or other emergency services, and retained by us in the event of any civil or criminal proceedings, within which it may be disclosed. The retention, use and sharing of data may not require your consent on the grounds of legitimate interests and the necessity to comply with a legal obligation, including assisting the relevant agency in relation to the prevention and detection of crime or terrorist activity.
2.3   Your rights in relation to Data
Should you have any concerns regarding the information which we hold in respect of you then please contact us so that we can rectify any issues. You have the right to (i) request a copy of your personal data, (ii) request inaccurate personal data is corrected, (iii) request that personal data is erased, (iv) opt out of receiving communications from us. When contacting us, we may require evidence of your identity and (in the event that your request is manifestly unfounded and/or excessive) then to raise an administrative charge. We aim to deal with your request within 30 days.
Further information is available from the UK Information Commissioner Website.
https://www.ico.org.uk
2.4   Contact Us.
Our contact details are set out at Section 12, below.
3    Online and Gate purchases
eTickets
3.1
The issue of an eTicket shall not guarantee, nor do we warrant:
3.1.1
The availability and/or quantity of any particular ride(s), show(s), device(s) or attraction(s) upon any visit to Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues,
3.1.2
That access shall be given to any particular ride(s), show(s), device(s) or attraction(s),
3.1.3
Exemption from height or other restrictions that may apply from time to time,
3.1.4
The opening and closing time of Pleasure Beach Resort, which may vary from time to time, at our sole discretion.
3.2
eTickets (other than FlexiDate) are only valid for and must be used on the date endorsed upon them.
3.3
eTickets for rides are only valid for and must be used within the calendar year in which they are issued.
3.4
The opening and closing of any ride(s), show(s), device(s) and attraction(s) may vary from time to time and are at our sole discretion
3.5
eTickets are valid only on rides inside Pleasure Beach Resort.
3.6
No refunds will be given in any circumstances. FlexiDate eTickets provide for a change to the date of visit but are subject to separate terms and conditions.
3.7
Queues do occur at certain times, and access time to ride(s), device(s) and attraction(s) may vary.
3.8
eTickets issued pursuant to a promotion, must be used by the first recipient and cannot not be resold or transferred to a third party.
3.9
eTicket remain our property at all times.
3.10
We are entitled to:
3.10.1
Refuse a sale to any person;
3.10.2
Refuse entry to any person or remove any person from Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues;
3.10.3
Carry out reasonable searches of an individual and/or their property prior to entry to Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues;
3.10.4
Carry out reasonable surveillance of an individual whilst in Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues for security and safety purposes.
3.10.5
Cancel any orders containing pricing errors, with no further obligations to you, even after your receipt of an order confirmation or shipping notice from us
3.11
If you are subject to the notification requirements of the Sexual Offences Act 2003, or subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, or a Sexual Risk Order or a Child Abduction Notice you are not permitted to purchase a product to gain access to our Amusement Park and/or our Venues. If we become aware that you are subject to such then we shall be entitled to remove you from our property and no refund of monies shall be made.
3.12
Animals (with the exception of accepted assistance dogs) are not permitted within Pleasure Beach Resort and/or any of its Venues. Assistance animals whilst permitted within the grounds of Pleasure Beach Resort may be excluded from rides and attractions where the owner/handler of the animal, and/or other guests to our Amusement Park may be at risk of harm, and we shall be entitled to make this decision in our absolute discretion. The assistance dog must be leashed at all times and the owner/handler is responsible for its behaviour and collection/removal of excrement.
3.13
Whilst mechanical aids are permitted within the grounds of Pleasure Beach Resort to assist a person with a disability such devices may not be capable of being accommodated within some ride entry/exit locations and guests who require such aids are referred to our Access Guide. Bicycles (including electric) and scooters (including electric) are not permitted within Pleasure Beach Resort.
3.14
We are a family Amusement Park and we expect our guests to behave in a way that shows respect for all and particularly our staff who work hard to make your visit a memorable one. We expect all of our guests to observe and comply with all safety instructions, particularly in respect of ride restricted areas. Guests are forbidden to intentionally or deliberately record images of any of our staff. If any guest is found to be behaving in an unacceptable way (in our absolute discretion which shall include matters such as suspicious activity in relation to possible acts or threats of damage to our premises, people or guests) then the guest and others associated with him/her will be removed from our Amusement Park and Venues and no refund shall be made. They shall not be permitted to re-enter the Venue at any later date.
3.15
The possession and/or use of (i) drugs (excluding alcohol and cigarettes) which have not been prescribed by a registered medical practitioner or are available as over the counter medicines (i.e. pharmaceutical drugs) or (ii) drug paraphernalia, is not permitted within Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues. If such are found by us then they will be confiscated and a report made to the Police and in such circumstances we shall be entitled remove the guest and others associated with him/her from Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues, and no refund shall be made and re-entry shall not be allowed.
3.16
Smoking and/or vaping is not allowed on the grounds of Nickelodeon Land at Pleasure Beach Resort
4   Shows
We reserve the right to make alterations to the advertised cast and programme of productions and events without notice, not to admit latecomers until a suitable interval, and to refuse admission. Tickets cannot be exchanged nor money refunded. Resale of tickets is prohibited. We are not responsible for misplaced, lost or stolen tickets. The taking of still or flash photography, motion pictures, video or audio recordings of any performance or theatre set is prohibited. Mobile phones must be switched off whilst in the theatre. Any guest found to be in breach of these conditions will be removed from the show without refund.
5   Merchandise
5.1
Your use and purchase of merchandise from this site is governed by these terms and conditions.
5.2
We may at any time make changes to our website and the details displayed on it (including prices).
5.3
Prices and Payment
The prices for goods displayed for sale on our website are inclusive of VAT. Delivery costs will be charged in addition,
We cannot accept your order until you have paid for it in full (including applicable delivery charges). Upon payment, we will confirm acceptance of your order by e-mail, which will be sent to the e-mail address you provide on your order details. Whether or not you receive the e-mail, our acceptance of your order will create a legally binding contract between us. We reserve the right not to supply you at our discretion in which case a refund will be given.
5.4
Cancellation/Returns
You may cancel your order for goods purchased online (except CD, and DVD if the outer seal wrapper has been removed, and digital content not on a tangible medium) no later than the 14 days after the goods come into your possession. You are responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us. Please refer to section 12 in respect of eTickets and Show Tickets
5.5
Damaged/Faulty Goods
To claim an item as damaged/faulty you must contact retail@bpbltd.com and provide a picture of the product(s) as well as the order number. If the product is confirmed damaged, in order to obtain a replacement, you must post the faulty item(s) back to us and we will reimburse you for postage.
5.6
Lost Parcels
Parcels cannot be treated as lost until 10 working days have passed from when the item is dispatched. Any claim made after 30 days from dispatch cannot be disputed as lost due to time passed.
6  Promotions Policy
6.1
Any promotions placed on our website are not valid in conjunction with any other offer or promotion nor any UK Bank and Public Holidays, Sat during Bank Holiday Weekends. Dates of when the promotions apply will be specified with each offer.
6.2
Any coupon code advertised can only be used once per order and for its intended products only. Any code not used for its intended promotion will be forfeit and the order will be cancelled and refunded.
7  Obligations
Our obligations
7.1
We will provide you with up to date information on the functionality of our Website and advice and assistance on any upgrades or changes to its functionality as we deem necessary; and use reasonable endeavours to comply with any statute, regulation or other ordinance as and when they come into force.
Your obligations
7.2
You agree that you will only use our Website in accordance with the Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, and shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
7.3
You represent, warrant and undertake that you will not do anything nor cause or permit anything to be done that may infringe, damage or endanger our intellectual property rights or any of our associated companies or any third party or do anything that is otherwise unlawful.
8  Warranty
Exclusion of warranty
8.1
We try to make sure the information contained on our Website is as accurate as reasonably possible. However we give no warranty of any kind regarding our Website and/or any materials provided on it. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of any of the content or data found on it. All information posted on our Website is correct at time it is posted and is subject to change.
9  Liability
9.1
We accept no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damage to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in our Website.
9.2
In no event shall we be liable for:
9.2.1
any death or injury (unless caused by our negligence or breach of Statutory Duty); or
9.2.2
any loss, claim, damage, or any exemplary, punitive, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including but not limited to lost profits or lost savings) whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with us and our maximum liability in connection with our contract with you shall not exceed the cost of your entry to Pleasure Beach Resort or its Venues; or
9.2.3
Any use of our Website or content found therein
9.2.4
Any failure or delay (including, but not limited to) the use of or inability to use any component of our Website
9.2.5
any performance or non-performance by us of any ride show or attraction: or
9.2.6
The provision of or failure to provide services; or
9.2.7
Any information, software, products, services related graphics obtained through our Website; or
9.2.8
Any dealings you have with third parties via our Website. Should a dispute arise between yourself and any third party due to use of our Website we will assist in its resolution but accept no responsibility for any loss or damage suffered as a result. We may provide links to other web sites, resources, advertisements or sponsorships either directly or through contractual partners. We accept no responsibility for these links and does not endorse their contents. If you decide to access other websites, you do so at your own risk.
10  Indemnity
10.1
You shall indemnify us and keep us indemnified against all actions, claims, losses, costs (including all legal costs actually incurred or otherwise), damages and expenses that are suffered or incurred by us whether or not reasonable or otherwise foreseeable or avoidable which arise directly or indirectly from any breach or alleged breach by you of our Privacy Policy and/or any of these Terms and Conditions.
11   Intellectual Property
11.1
The copyright in the material contained in our Website and any Pleasure Beach Resort trademarks and brands included in that material belongs to Blackpool Pleasure Beach Ltd or its licensors. No person may copy any part of this material from this website, other than by acknowledging the following terms and conditions:
11.1.1
Any such material may be used only for that person’s own personal use for non-commercial purposes;
11.1.2
Any such material must retain any copyright or other intellectual property notices contained in the original material; and
11.1.3
The products, technology or processes described in this Website may be subject to other intellectual property rights reserved by Blackpool Pleasure Beach Limited or by other third parties. No licence is granted in respect of those intellectual property rights.
11.2
Images, trademarks and brands displayed on our Website are protected by copyright, trademark and intellectual property laws and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of their respective owners.
12   General
12.1
We shall not be liable to you where performance of any of our obligations to you is prevented, frustrated or impeded by reasons of acts of God, war and any other hostilities, pandemics, epidemics, civil commotion, accident, strikes, lock outs, trade disputes, acts of restraints of Government, imposition or restrictions of imports or exports or any other cause not within the our reasonable control.
12.2
The opening and closing times of Pleasure Beach Resort posted on our Web Site are indicative and may vary the times from time to time at our sole discretion.
12.3
eTickets and show tickets are leisure services for the purposes of the Consumer contracts (information, cancellation and additional charges) Regulations 2013. Regulation 28 applies to the contract between you and us in relation to these and you do not have a right to cancel.
12.4
If any part of these terms and conditions is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, all other parts of these terms and conditions shall not be affected and shall remain in force.
12.5
We cannot guarantee that the appearance and/or colours of products shown on our Website exactly reproduce the appearance and/or colours of the physical products themselves. All sizes quoted are approximate.
12.6
These terms and conditions and any contract between us shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and the English Courts shall have jurisdiction over any disputes between us.
12.7
In the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions the following words mean as stated:
12.7.1
Blackpool Pleasure Beach Ltd means itself and all other associated companies which supply the goods and/or services ordered by you and any successor to its business.
12.7.2
Us/We/Our shall mean Blackpool Pleasure Beach Limited and You/Your/Their shall mean the guest with whom we have a contract and others associated with him/her for the provision of services and/or goods, as the context requires.
12.7.3
“Working day” means every day of the year except weekends, and English statutory and public holidays.
12.8
Our details
Pleasure Beach Resort
Ocean Boulevard, Blackpool, England, FY4 1EZ
Registered in England under no 1876267
To contact us by telephone, please ring 0871 222 1234
Lines are open during park opening hours.
email:info@bpbltd.com
13  Aerial Photography
Pleasure Beach Resort is located within a restricted Civil Aviation Authority airspace and operates a drone no fly zone. Anyone found flying a drone over Pleasure Beach Resort will face legal action and we reserve the right to take direct action if a drone is flown above our property and we believe that such presents a risk to the health and safety of our guests or staff, our property or our security.
14  Third Party Concessions
There are a limited number of third parties who operate upon our Amusement Park from certain locations. Should you obtain any products or services from those third parties then your contract is with that third party and not us and should you have any complaint or claim then it must be sent to the third party, and not us, to be dealt with and we have no liability to you in respect of such contract
15  Severability
These terms and conditions shall be deemed severable. In the event that any provision is determined to be enforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
16  Changes to the Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to the Terms and Conditions at any time.
17  Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions, together with those incorporated herein constitute the entire contract between you and us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written) regarding the subject matter.
18  Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Manage consent