Kingdom Draw Privacy Policy
1. Definitions
1.1
"We", "us", "our", and "Eternal Technics" refer to Eternal Technics Pty Ltd, an Australian private company registered as ACN 164078559 and ABN 60164078559.
1.2
"User", "player", and "customer" refer to end users of the Kingdom Draw digital game.
1.3
"Third parties" refers to any legal or personal entity that is not Eternal Technics or the user.
1.4
"Distribution platforms" refers to the digital platforms that distribute and facilitate the operation of Kingdom Draw game clients, including but not limited to Steam (Valve Corporation), Google Play (Google), and App Store (Apple).
1.5
"Kingdom Draw" and "the game" refers to the digital game Kingdom Draw, distributed by the distribution platforms as outlined in section 1.4.
1.6
"Game client" refers to a varient of the Kingdom Draw application client software that runs on an end-user's digital device. Game clients contain a user interface and interact with Kingdom Draw game servers and distribution platform application programming interfaces (APIs).
1.7
"Game server" refers to one or more remote application servers that handle back-end processing. Game servers are owned and managed by Eternal Technics.
2. Policy
Our Privacy Policy defines how we collect, store, and use personal and non-personal information obtained from users of our Kingdom Draw game.
By reading this Privacy Policy, you can determine what information is collected from you, where it is stored, how it is used by us, whether or not it is accessed by third parties, and how to delete it.
Your rights to privacy are protected by law. All legislative requirements within juristictions relevant to the use of Kingdom Draw by the user will always apply and override the provisions of this document.
Kingdom Draw exchanges non-personal and non-identifiable data between the game client and game servers for the purposes of game function, including but not limited to calls to game servers to facilitate user login and registration, retrieval of game items, finalising in-app purchasing transactions, updating user-defined decks, and turn-by-turn events to facilitate game play. Unless otherwise specified in this document, such data is transient, not stored, and only exists in memory for the short time required to facilitate game function.
Kingdom Draw stores the following user-related data on our game servers:
a.
A unique account identifier generated by us that exists to identify a Kingdom Draw user account with data such as game item entitlements, virtual currency, ladder match and campaign progression, deck creation, and a list of friends.
b.
Linked account identifiers that are linked to the unique account identifier specified under 2.2.a. These linked account identifiers reference an account identifier provided by a distribution platform. Identifers for each distribution platform are listed below:
Apple (IOS and MacOS): Apple account user ID (hexadecimal)
Google (Android): Google email address
Steam (Windows, Linux, MacOS): Steam ID (digits)
c.
A transaction history for each user that contains a list of transactions relating to in-app purchases made with either real or virtual currency. Transaction history entries contain the unique account identifier as specified under 2.2.a, date and time of the transaction, the price paid, the item purchased, and a distribution platform identifier.
d.
A history of ladder matches that identifies the players involved by their unique account identifier as specified under 2.2.a.
Each distribution platform adheres to their own privacy policy that outlines how that platform uses your data. At the time of the creation of this document, policies for Kingdom Draw's distribution platforms can be found at the below URLs:
Apple (IOS and MacOS): https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google (Android): https://policies.google.com/privacy
Steam (Windows, Linux, MacOS): https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
Unless specified under the privacy policy of a distribution platform as outlined under 2.3, your data is never accessed by any third party entities.
Kingdom Draw contains no advertising.
Kingdom Draw provides a mechanism for users to purchase virtual items (randomized card packs). This is known as microtransactions or in-app purchases.
Each microtransaction that involves real money is handled by the distribution platform on which the user is playing Kingdom Draw.
Microtransaction related data that is collected by us is outlined under section 2.2.
Distribution platforms may collect or share data. This is specified under each of the distribution platform privacy policies as specified under section 2.3.
When a user sends an email to an Eternal Technics email address, that user's email address and any personal or identifying information provided in that email will not be transfered to any third party. Emails are not stored outside of the Eternal Technics email platform, which is securely managed by us and not accessed by any third party.
Information retained by us as outlined under section 2.2 is stored on secure game servers owned by us. Access to these servers and to your information is restricted to us and tightly controlled.
The security of information handled by distribution platforms is outlined under their privacy policies specified under section 2.3.
All information exchanged between the game client and game servers is encrypted.
Document last updated on 11/05/2022