HomeBond respects your right to privacy. The circumstances in which we collect information about you, use information and share information, and the security measures we take to protect your personal information on this web site are set out below.
By submitting information to HomeBond through this web site you agree to our Privacy Policy and agree that HomeBond may use and disclose information about you in the circumstances and to the extent set out in this policy.
Collection of Personal Data
We will collect no personally identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. The information we collect depends on what you do when visiting our site.
Browsing, reading & downloading
If you visit our site to browse, read or download we automatically collect and store the following information about you:
the IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are surfing the web);
the type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
the date and time of your access to our site;
the pages you visit; and
the internet address of the website from which you accessed our site, including any search terms used.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the type of technology which our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals on their visits. We may compile and report aggregate statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related site information. Any such statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
Email Information
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an e-mail message to one of the addresses listed throughout our site or by filling out an on-line form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our website. We use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested.
Use of personal information
Any information you provide will be held by HomeBond on a computer database and/or in any other way HomeBond deems necessary. We may use any personal information you provide to us for the purposes of facilitating you in using the HomeBond web site, and dealing with any request or query you make. If you consent we may use certain information for direct marketing purposes as indicated below.
We may also use your data to properly operate and maintain the HomeBond web site, for technical processing and to address technical problems or service complaints.
Data may also be aggregated, for example to compile lists of groups which use the web site, and may be used in this form for our internal business purposes or disclosed to advertisers or business associates. In such a case no information which is personally identifiably to you will be used.
Direct Marketing
When submitting an on-line form you may be asked whether you wish to receive further HomeBond marketing materials. If you consent to this, information which you submit may be used by us to inform you of products, services or events which may be of interest to you. These may include both HomeBond products, services or events and those of third parties selected by us. We will not provide personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you do not wish to receive any information in relation to products, services or upcoming events, please notify us at
marketing@homebond.ie
.
Information Sharing
Other than as specified in this Privacy Policy we will only share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
if we are required by law or court order to disclose such information;
if we in our sole discretion believe it advisable to disclose such information to any law enforcement body, government officials or court or court officials, or if in our sole discretion we believe it is necessary to disclose such information in order to protect HomeBond, HomeBond Insurance Services Ltd, HomeBond Technical Services Ltd, its officers, directors or employees, users of the HomeBond web site or the public;
in connection with any claim may be a third party that any material you have provided to the web site violates that party’s rights;
to enforce our terms and conditions.
Communications from us
If you provide us with your contact details, we may need to contact you by email, telephone or letter for the following reasons:
to deal with any issues arising from your use of the web site;
to respond to any email or other submission you may send us.
Access to your Information
You have the right of access to personal data held about you and to require the correction of any inaccuracies in information held about you. You may request and we will allow you at any time to inspect and/or edit your personal information.
If you have any questions in relation to any of the provisions of this privacy policy please email
info@homebond.ie
.
Site Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, our computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorised attempts to upload information or change information on our web site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law.
You should bear in mind however that information sent over the internet may not be confidential or secure, because of the inherent nature of the internet, and electronic networks. HomeBond is not liable for any breach of security or loss of confidentiality of electronic communications.
HomeBond provides links to third party web sites as a service to our users. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those sites.