Skip to content
Praktika App Privacy Policy
last updated: December 16, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we use your Personal Data, including any additional disclosures relevant to the country, region or state you are in:
If you are in California, please refer to the additional disclosures set out in the
CCPA Privacy
section below.
If you are in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, please refer to the additional disclosures set out in the
European Privacy
section below.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by email at:
support@praktika.ai
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
App Store Account
means your account on the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Application
or
Service
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by you on any electronic device, named Praktika App
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers’ Personal Data and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers’ Personal Data, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers’ Personal Data, that does business in the State of California.
Company
(referred to as either the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Agreement) refers to Praktika.ai Company, 919 N Market St, Ste 950, Wilmington, DE 19801.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes of the CCPA
, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s Personal Data to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service.
Collecting and Using your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
We collect Personal Data that you provide to Us when you set up an Account and use our Service. Like most online service providers, we also collect certain Usage Data about how you use our Service in order to understand how the Service is used and how we can improve it.
The categories of Personal Data we collect and how we use them will depend on how you interact with Us, as set out in more detail below.
If you are in California, further information about the Personal Data we collect and how we use it is set out in the
CCPA Privacy
section below.
If you are in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, further information about the Personal Data we collect, how we use it and the lawful basis we rely on is set out in the
European Privacy
section below.
Personal Data that you provide to us
If you contact us about our Service, we will collect the following Personal Data:
Contact details
(including your name and email address);
The subject matter and content of your enquiry
or any other correspondence between you and us.
When you use our Service, we may collect the following Personal Data:
Profile information
, such as name, gender, age group and hobbies and interests;
Language learning information
, such as native language, language learning goals and priorities, previous experience learning English and current proficiency level;
Subscription information
, such as the start date and duration of the subscription to the Service that you purchase and any free trial periods;
Purchase information
, namely confirmation that you have purchased a subscription to the Service through your App Store Account;
Your email address
;
the AI tutor or avatar
you select on the Service;
Recordings and transcripts of your conversations with the AI tutor
on the Service;
Your lesson plan and progress
;
Your preferences
, such as the preferences you set for push notifications, app interface language and email communications.
Information about how you use the Service
Usage Data is collected automatically when you use the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We use the above Personal Data to present the Service to you on your device, monitor and improve the performance of the Service (such as identifying, diagnosing and fixing errors), including monitoring aggregate metrics such as total number visitors, traffic, usage and usage patterns on our Service. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of, and improve our online advertising campaigns, as further described in the “
Behavioral Advertising
” section below.
If you are in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, other than where our use of Usage Data is strictly necessary to provide the Service or a certain feature or functionality of the Service, we will only collect Usage Data to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Information about how you interact with us through social media
If you “follow” or connect with us on social media, or “tag” us in posts that you upload to social media, we will collect the following information:
How you have interacted with us, such as any posts addressed to us or in which you tagged us, or if you have “liked” one of our posts.
The Personal Data you make public on the social media network in accordance with your settings, such as your profile name and picture.
We use this information to respond to your comments or posts that are addressed to or reference us and to inform our social media strategy.
Information from your App Store Account
We allow you to create an account and log in to use the Service through your App Store Account. When you do so, we may receive information associated with your App Store Account, such as your name and email address.
Use of your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide our Service
, including to provide the features and functionalities of the Service and tailor the Service to individual users.
To manage your Account:
to manage your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to you as a registered user.
To contact you:
To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide you
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about in accordance with your preferences.
To manage your requests:
To attend and manage your requests to us.
To measure the effectiveness of, and improve our online advertising campaigns:
We work with third party advertising partners to serve ads online in relation to our Service. We may use your information, such as whether you have downloaded the Application and purchased a subscription to our Service, as further described in the
Behavioral Advertising
section below.
For business transfers:
We may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
To analyze the performance of and improve the Service:
We may use your information to monitor the performance of our Service, conduct data analysis to identify usage trends, and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
Retention of your Personal Data
The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other Personal Data.
If you are in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, further information about how we may transfer Personal Data to recipients outside the jurisdiction you are in is set out in the
European Privacy
section below.
Disclosure of your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share your Personal Data with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact you.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer your Personal Data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
With advertising optimisation partners:
We may share certain Personal Data, such as whether you have downloaded the Application or purchased a subscription to the Service, with online advertising partners in order to measure the effectiveness of, and improve, our online advertising campaigns.
With law enforcement or for legal reasons:
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). The Company may also disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
With your consent:
We may disclose your Personal Data for any other purpose with your consent.
If you are in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, further information about how we may disclose your Personal Data is set out in the
European Privacy
section below.
Security of your Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Email Marketing
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your Personal Data is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Advertising
We and our third-party advertising partners use Personal Data about your use of the Service to measure and optimise the performance of our online advertising campaigns. We and our third-party vendors use cookies and other trackers (such as mobile SDKs) to:
recognise your Device and identify whether you have downloaded our Application or subscribed to our Service after viewing an advert for the Service on another platform or website; and
identify and develop audiences of individuals with similar interests that may be interested in our Service so that we can serve them advertisements for our Service on other platforms and websites.
We may share information, such as hashed email addresses (if available) or other online identifiers collected on our Service with these third-party vendors. This allows our third-party vendors to recognize and deliver you ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by these third-party vendors and their cross-device capabilities please refer to the Privacy Policy of each vendor listed below.
The third-party vendors we use for these purposes are:
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/516147308587266
. To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
AdRoll
AdRoll remarketing service is provided by NextRoll, Inc.
You can opt-out of AdRoll remarketing by visiting this AdRoll Advertising Preferences web page:
http://info.evidon.com/pub_info/573?v=1&nt=1&nw=false
or the Opt Out of Personalized Advertising web page:
https://help.adroll.com/hc/en-us/articles/216599538-Opting-Out-of-Personalized-Advertising
. If you are a California resident, please read the “Information For California Residents Only” section in the Privacy Policy of NextRoll, Inc.:
https://www.nextroll.com/privacy#service-13
.
For more information on the privacy practices of AdRoll, please visit the NextRoll, Inc. Privacy Policy web page:
https://www.nextroll.com/privacy
AppNexus
AppNexus remarketing service is provided by AppNexus Inc.
You can opt-out of AppNexus remarketing by visiting the Privacy & the AppNexus Platform web page:
https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy
.
For more information on the privacy practices of AppNexus, please visit the AppNexus Platform Privacy Policy web page:
https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy
Tiktok
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-us?lang=en
Your Privacy Choices
Modifying or deleting your Personal Data
You can view, update or delete certain information by accessing and updating your profile page on the Application. If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying or deleting your Personal Data, you can contact us using the details set out in the “
Contact Us
” section above.
Behavioral advertising preferences
You may be able to exercise control by leveraging one or more targeted advertising opt-out programs including:
Device-Specific Opt-Out Programs:
You may also opt-out of all personalized advertising by enabling privacy features on your mobile device such as Limit Ad Tracking (iOS) and Opt Out of Ads Personalization (Android). See your mobile device Help system for more information.
Digital Advertising Alliance:
The
Digital Advertising Alliance
allows individuals to opt out of receiving online interest-based targeted advertisements from companies that participate in their program. Please follow the instructions at
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
for browser-based advertising and
https://www.youradchoices.com/appchoices
for app-based advertising to opt out of targeted advertising carried out by third parties that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s self-regulatory program.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance:
The European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance similarly allows individuals to opt out of receiving online interest-based targeted advertisements from companies that participate in their program. Please follow the instructions at
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu
to opt out of browser-based targeted advertising carried out by third parties that participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s program.
Network Advertising Initiative:
The
Network Advertising Initiative
similarly allows individuals to opt out of receiving online interest-based targeted advertisements from companies that participate in their program. Please follow the instructions at
https://www.optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
to opt out of browser-based targeted advertising carried out by third parties that participate in the Network Advertising Initiative’s self-regulatory program.
Platform-Specific Opt-Out Programs:
Certain third-party platforms provide individuals the option to turn off targeted advertising for the entire platform (such as certain social media platforms). Please refer to your platform provider’s user guides for additional information about implementing any available platform-specific targeted advertising opt-outs.
Please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements through one of these programs, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us.  Instead, it means that the online ads you do see from relevant program participants should not be based on your interests. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. In addition, program participants may still use automatic data collection technologies to collect information about the use of the Service, including for analytics and fraud prevention and any other purpose permitted under the applicable advertising industry program.
Users in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and California
If you are in the EEA, UK or California, you have certain rights in relation to the Personal Data we process as further set out in the
CCPA Privacy
and
European Privacy
sections below. These sections also set out how you can control certain ways in which Personal Data is collected from your Device automatically and how it is used.
Links to Other Websites
our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CCPA Privacy
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of Personal Data which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of Personal Data were in fact collected by us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of Personal Data would only be collected if you provided such Personal Data directly to us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Data included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected: Yes.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected: Yes.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.
Collected: Yes.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement.
Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location.
Collected: Yes.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Collected: Yes.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other Personal Data.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Collected: Yes.
Under CCPA, Personal Data does not include:
Publicly available information
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of Personal Data listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you.
For example, from the forms you complete on our Service, preferences you express or provide through our Service, or from your purchases on our Service.
Indirectly from you.
For example, from observing your activity on our Service.
Automatically from you.
For example, through cookies we or our Service Providers set on your Device as you navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers.
For example, third-party vendors to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, third-party vendors to deliver targeted advertising to you, third-party vendors for payment processing, or other third-party vendors that we use to provide the Service to you.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose Personal Data we collect for “business purposes” or “commercial purposes” (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide you with our Service.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your contact information to ask a question about our Service, we will use that Personal Data to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your Personal Data to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the “Use of your Personal Data” section.
If we decide to collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes we will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of Personal Data for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of Personal Data were in fact disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When we disclose Personal Data for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Data confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA, “sell” and “sale” mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s Personal Data by the business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that we may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing Personal Data, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
Please note that the categories listed below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of Personal Data were in fact sold, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of Personal Data:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Share of Personal Information
We may share your Personal Data identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Payment processors
our affiliates
our business partners
Third party vendors to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your Personal Data in connection with products or services we provide to you
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors under the age of 16 through our Service, although certain third party websites that we link to may do so. These third-party websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information on other websites without their permission.
We do not sell the Personal Data of Consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the Consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of Personal Data may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by contacting us.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us with sufficient detail to enable us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Data. If you are a resident of California, you have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to know.
Under CCPA, you have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of Personal Data. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will disclose to you:
— The categories of Personal Data we collected about you
— The categories of sources for the Personal Data we collected about you
— our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Data
— The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Data
— The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about you
— If we sold your Personal Data or disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose, we will disclose to you:
— The categories of Personal Data categories sold
— The categories of Personal Data categories disclosed
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct us to not sell your Personal Data. You can do so by updating your settings on the profile page in the Application.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete (and direct our Service Providers to delete) your Personal Data from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our Service Providers to:
— Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
— Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
— Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
— Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
— Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
— Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
— Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
— Comply with a legal obligation.
— Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your consumer’s rights, including by:
— Denying goods or services to you
— Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
— Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
— Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us:
By email:
support@praktika.ai
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to your Personal Data.
Your request to us must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data or an authorized representative
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the required information if we cannot:
Verify your identity or authority to make the request
And confirm that the Personal Data relates to you
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data. Once we receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from you, we will stop selling your Personal Data. To exercise your right to opt-out, please contact us.
The Service Providers we partner with (for example, our analytics or advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that sells Personal Data as defined by the CCPA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of your Personal Data for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by updating your settings in your profile page on the Application. You may also be able to opt out of all data sharing for advertising purposes on your device by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser you use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
The NAI’s opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
The opt out will place a cookie on your computer that is unique to the browser you use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices
“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track” Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of your browsing activities. If you are visiting such websites, you can set your preferences in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
If we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent’s consent before we collect and use that information.
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California’s Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you’d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 allows California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account.
Be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
European Privacy
Who is responsible for your Personal Data
Praktika.ai Company is the controller of the Personal Data that we hold and use as set out in this Privacy Policy. This means that we determine and our responsible for how your Personal Data is used.
If you would like to contact us, you can do so by email to:
support@praktika.ai
Optional and mandatory information
When we ask you to provide Personal Data, we will indicate to you if the provision of certain Personal Data is mandatory or optional. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data marked as mandatory, we may not be able to respond to your queries or provide you with certain features and functionalities of our Service.
Additional information about Personal Data we collect and how we use it.
Personal Data that you provide to us when contact us about our Service
Personal Data
How we may use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Your contact details
(including your name and email address)
We use this to communicate with you and respond to your enquiries.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to communicate with users of our Service and prospective customers.
Comments and enquiries that you submit to us.
We use this to communicate with you and respond to your enquiries and provide customer or technical support.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to communicate with users of our Service and prospective customers.
We use this information to inform how we can improve our Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to inform service development and improvement.
Personal Data that you provide to us when you use our Service
Personal Data
How we may use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Language learning information
, such as your native language, language learning goals and priorities, previous experience learning English and current proficiency level.
We use this information to tailor the curriculum, lessons, feedback, prompts and hints provided to you through the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
Profile information
that you provide when you set up your Account, namely your name, gender, age group and hobbies and interests.
We use this information to set up your Account on the Service and tailor the content provided to you through the Service to your interests and demographic.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely tailoring the Service to your interests.
Subscription information
, such as the start date and duration of the subscription to the Service that you purchase and any free trial periods.
We use this information to manage subscriptions and grant you access to the paid features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
Purchase information
, namely confirmation that you have purchased a subscription to the Service through your Google Play or Apple App Store account.
We use this information to grant you access to the paid features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
Your email address.
We use this information to send you service-related communications, such as renewal reminders and purchase confirmations.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
We use this information to send you promotional emails in accordance with your preferences.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting the features and functionalities of our Service to our users.
The
AI tutor or avatar
you select on the Service.
We use this information to personalise your experience of the Service by offering you language instruction through your chosen AI tutor or avatar.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
Recordings of your
conversations with the AI tutor on the Service.
When you first start using the Service, we analyse this information to determine your current language proficiency level to create and customise your curriculum and lessons.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
We analyse this information to provide you with the language learning functionality of the Service, including assessing your grammar, vocabulary to provide feedback and points for development.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
We analyse transcripts of the conversations you have with the AI tutor on the Service to identify ways in which we can fine tune our AI models to improve the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely improving the Service.
Your lesson plan and progress.
We use this information to provide you with the language learning functionality of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
Push notification settings
, namely whether you have agreed to receive push notifications from us.
We use this to serve push notifications from our Service in accordance with your preferences.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing notifications in accordance with user preferences.
Email preferences
, such as whether you agree to receive promotional emails from us.
We use this information to send you updates about us and our Service only in accordance with your preferences.
The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Language preferences
, such as the language in which the Service is displayed to you.
We use this information to present the Service to you in accordance with your language preferences.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (namely our Terms & Conditions).
Personal Data we collect automatically
Personal Data
How we use it
Legal basis we rely on
Information about your device and network
, such as device type, manufacturer, model, operating system, IP address, browser type and unique identifiers associated with your device or your network.
We use this information to operate the Service and present it to you in the correct format for your device.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
We use this information to identify and prevent suspicious or fraudulent use of our Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely ensuring the security of our Service.
We use this information to analyse the performance of the Service to identify errors and ways in which we can improve the Service.
We will only use your Personal Data in this way if you have given us your consent to do so.
We and our advertising partners use this information as further described in the “
Behavioral Advertising
” section in the main body of this privacy notice to measure the effectiveness of, and improve our online advertising campaigns.
We will only use your Personal Data in this way if you have given us your consent to do so.
Information about how you use the Service
, such as the time you access the Service and how long you access it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave the Service, the pages you visit, the links you click, your interactions on the Service and other actions you take on the Service.
We use this information to operate the Service and present it to you in the correct format for your device.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
We use this information to identify and prevent suspicious or fraudulent use of our Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely ensuring the security of our Service.
We use this information to analyse the performance of the Service to identify errors and ways in which we can improve the Service.
We will only use your Personal Data in this way if you have given us your consent to do so.
We and our advertising partners use this information as further described in the “
Beahvioral Advertising
” section in the main body of this privacy notice to measure the effectiveness of, and improve our online advertising campaigns.
We will only use your Personal Data in this way if you have given us your consent to do so.
Personal data we collect if you interact with us on social media
Personal Data
How we use it
Legal basis we rely on
How you have interacted with us
, such as any posts addressed to us or in which you tagged us, or if you have “liked” one of our posts.
We use this information to respond to your comments or posts that are addressed to us or reference us.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting the Service and any content that we publish on social media.
We use this information to inform our social media marketing strategy, including choosing and creating the content that we post to our social media pages.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely informing our social media marketing strategy.
The Personal Data you make public on the social media network
in accordance with your settings, such as your profile name and picture.
We use this information to respond to your comments or posts that are addressed to us or reference us.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting the Service and any content that we publish on social media.
We use this information to inform our social media marketing strategy, including choosing and creating the content that we post to our social media pages.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely informing our social media marketing strategy.
Additional information about how we share Personal Data
How we may share Personal Data
Lawful basis we rely on
Service providers
, such as providers of web hosting or other technical services such as analytic services or communication services.
These service providers will use your Personal Data as processors on our instructions.
Advisors
, such as legal advisors or accountants. These third-party vendors and other service providers perform services for us or on our behalf.
The lawful basis we rely on for these transfers is that the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely obtaining legal, accounting and other professional advice.
Advertising partners.
We work with third-party ad networks and advertising partners to measure the effectiveness of, and improve our online advertising campaigns on other websites and services. For more information, please see the “
Behavioral Advertising
” section in the main body of this privacy notice.
We will only share your Personal Data with these recipients to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction
. Your Personal Data may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
These recipients will use your Personal Data to review and assess a potential transaction to purchase our business or assets.
The lawful basis we rely on for these transfers is that they are necessary for our and the purchaser’s legitimate interests, namely to conduct due diligence on our business and assets in connection with a potential acquisition.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements; and / or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company or others.
These recipients will use your Personal Data in the performance of their regulatory or law enforcement role, or to advise us in connection with a potential claim or regulatory enforcement action.
The lawful basis we rely on for sharing Personal Data with these recipients is that the processing is either necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or, where there is no applicable legal obligation to share this data, that the sharing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely enforcing our rights or complying with requests from regulatory authorities.
International transfers
The Personal Data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States. We will ensure that these international transfers of your Personal Data are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as:
ensuring that the Personal Data is only transferred to countries or recipients recognised by the UK Secretary of State or the European Commission (as applicable) as offering an equivalent level of protection as compared to the level of protection in the country you are located (“
Adequacy
“); or
the transfer is to a third party who uses appropriate safeguards in respect of the processing in question, included but not limited to the UK or EU standard contractual clauses, which are recognised as offering adequate protection for the rights and freedoms of data subject, as adopted by the UK Secretary of State or the European Commission (as applicable) (“
Standard Contractual Clauses
“).
We may transfer your Personal Data to, or store your Personal Data in, the following countries:
Country
Appropriate Safeguard
United States
Standard Contractual Clauses
Adequacy (for recipients certified to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and UK Extension)
European Economic Area
Adequacy  (UK)
We will take appropriate steps to ensure that your Personal Data is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this privacy notice regardless of where it is processed.
If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice.
Automatic data collection
Other than Personal Data that is required to operate the Service or provide you with a functionality you have requested, we will only collect information about your use of the Service automatically through cookies and similar tracking technologies to the extent you give us your consent to do so. You can change your preferences any time by updating your settings on your profile page in the Application.
Privacy rights
If you are resident in the UK or EEA, in accordance with applicable privacy law you have the following rights in respect of your Personal Data that we hold:
Right of access.
You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your Personal Data;
information about the categories of Personal Data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your Personal Data; and
a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.
Right of portability.
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your Personal Data to another person.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure.
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your Personal Data without undue delay if the continued processing of that Personal Data is not justified.
Right to restriction.
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your Personal Data if the continued processing of the Personal Data in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the Personal Data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent.
Where we rely on your consent for processing your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your Personal Data before you withdrew your consent.
You have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests. There may, depending on the particular circumstances, be compelling reasons for continuing to process your Personal Data despite your objection, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.  You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the top of this privacy notice.
We will not charge you a fee for complying with your request to exercise one of these rights, other than where the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive (such as if you submit a number of repeated requests), in which case we may charge you a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs.
We may ask you to provide certain information to confirm your identity in order to process your request.
Privacy wrongs
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your national data protection authority. If you are in the UK, your local data protection authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office, which can be contacted using the details at
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
. If you are in the European Economic Area, you can find your local Data Protection Authority at
https://www.edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.nextroll.com/privacy#service-13:
Business Units
AdRoll
RollWorks
Careers
Culture
Search Jobs
About
Blog
USA
USA
UK
Deutschland
España
Nederland
France
Italia
Ireland
Australia
Careers
Culture
Search Jobs
About
Blog
Service Privacy Notice
Effective as of March 13, 2025
View
archived Privacy Notice
NextRoll, Inc. (formerly AdRoll, Inc.) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
we
” “
our
” or “
us
”) is an independent marketing technology company that offers intelligent, data-driven advertising and marketing services and solutions to help big and small companies accelerate their growth (“
Services
”).
We have prepared this Service Privacy Notice to describe the types of data we collect from you, and explain how, why and when we collect this data in order to provide our Services to our Customers. References to
“Customer”
in this Policy Notice refers to any business, brand, marketer and/or advertiser who uses NextRoll’s Services. This Service Privacy Notice also identifies what rights you have concerning the collection of this data, such as the right to opt-out of interest-based advertising (also commonly referred to as targeted or personalized advertising). If you have additional questions, you can visit our
Trust Center
or
Contact Us.
Please note that this Privacy Notice does not apply to data we collect when you visit a NextRoll website, including
https://www.nextroll.com/
,
www.adroll.com
and
https://www.rollworks.com/
. To learn what data we collect when you visit our websites, please visit the
NextRoll Website Privacy Notice
.
Table of Contents
About NextRoll's Services
What Data we Collect
How We Use the Data We Collect
Data Sharing
Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Cookies and Related Technologies
Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Data Retention
Security
International Transfers
Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Information For California Residents Only
Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Make a Privacy Request
Information For Individuals Located in Brazil
Changes to this Service Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Questions
1. About NextRoll's Services
Back to top
NextRoll is a marketing technology company that helps big and small companies deliver products ambitious marketers use and rely on to grow their businesses. Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s intelligent, data-driven marketing and advertising services and solutions go beyond serving digital ads by providing companies better visibility into which audiences are most interested in certain products and services. By using NextRoll’s proprietary data and machine learning offerings (“
NextRoll Technology
”), companies can better understand their current customers, find new loyal customers and build lasting customer relationships through intelligence-driven direct marketing activities.
NextRoll has two different business divisions:
AdRoll
is an e-commerce marketing platform for companies that sell their products and services directly to consumers (called “
Direct to Consumer
” or “
D2C
” companies). The AdRoll platform makes it easy and affordable for D2C companies to deliver the cross-channel experiences consumers expect – enabling
them to sell more to their existing consumers and identify new consumers to introduce to their products and services. AdRoll does this by creating connected, personalized customer journeys that enable brands to reach new and existing customers through digital advertising, email marketing and onsite experiences. AdRoll also helps companies understand the impact of their marketing efforts with advanced measurement and attribution;
RollWorks
offers an account-based platform for businesses who want to sell their products and services to other businesses (called “
Business to Business”
or “
B2B
” companies). Our RollWorks Services help B2B companies identify their target accounts and key buyers, reach those accounts across multiple channels and measure program effectiveness in their system-of-record.
Interest-Based Advertising
NextRoll’s Technology helps our D2C and B2B Customers provide ads and send emails to people that are most likely to find them interesting by showing them ads that are relevant to their specific interests. This is called “interest-based advertising”. We show many of these interest-based ads on websites and mobile apps which rely on advertising revenue to support the content they provide - and what we all consume - for free each day.
When you visit a website or a mobile application (each a “
Digital Property
”) operated by one of our Customers, open an email from a Customer, or get served an ad by us on behalf of our Customer on a third party site, we may collect certain data from your device as described in this Service Privacy Notice. Our platform then uses that data, as well as other data described in
What Data We Collect
, to help our Customers provide ads and send emails to you that aim to be more relevant to you. To see an example of how this works in practice, see
Example of Interest-Based Advertising.
Interest-based advertising enables publishers of Digital Properties to more accurately determine which ads to serve to specific users based on near real-time data. In turn, this allows our Customers to provide more effective advertising that reaches a more precise pool of prospective buyers.
All in all, interest-based advertising promotes better competition in the marketplace (for example, small and medium sized companies have a better opportunity to reach as many prospective buyers as large, well-funded, competitors), and allows our Customers to provide free or low-cost content to their customers due to the resources generated by effective advertising.
Example of Interest-Based Advertising
You’re working from home for the foreseeable future and want to invest in more comfortable work-from-home clothing. You can’t go to the store right now so you decide to peruse some e-commerce sites instead. You go to Google and type in “loungewear” and a list of websites pop up, including one for ABC Sweatshirts. You’re still in the research phase so you browse their site but don’t purchase. Luckily, ABC Sweatshirts is a
customer
of NextRoll and uses the AdRoll technology for its e-commerce platform. Our technology notes that your device visited ABC Loungwear’s website and was looking at sweatshirts.
Later, as you browse the Internet, we show you ads online from ABC Sweatshirts to encourage you to come back and purchase the sweatshirt, perhaps even with a discount offer or notice of an upcoming sale. We may also show you ads from other companies that sell similar products or services you may be interested in to complete your loungewear outfit, such as sweatpants or home slippers. In addition, if you gave ABC Sweatshirts your email address for marketing purposes, we may also send you emails on behalf of the brand that tell you about its new exclusive line of sweatshirts, special promotions, and more. Alternatively, we may use your email to serve you interest-based ads on social media (for example, your social media provider may match a pseudonymized form of your email address that we provide them with the email address details you have registered with your social media account, enabling us to show you interest-based ads in your social media newsfeed)
.
Measurement and Attribution
In addition to interest-based advertising, we also provide various analytics to help our Customers measure the success of their advertising campaigns and identify prospective buyers who may be the most interested in their products or services.
For instance, by collecting a unique identifier (such as a cookie ID) from the devices of users who see our Customers’ ads or visit their Digital Properties, we can measure whether those unique identifiers subsequently took a particular action, such as buying a Customer’s product or visiting their Digital Property (sometimes called a “conversion”). In some cases, we may use our cross device data asset to match unique identifiers (which includes browsing activity) to email addresses. Customers are only notified of a match if the email already exists in the Customer ‘s CRM records. AdRoll’s D2C Services can collect, measure and analyze different types of data in conjunction with these unique identifiers and provide useful information to our AdRoll Customers such as what IP address ranges visitors to their Digital Properties are from (indicating the geographic locations of a visitor, which may help indicate what locations to run a particular ad campaign), what products or services located on their Digital Property are attracting more attention (or less), and what ad campaigns ultimately led a cookie ID back to a Digital Property to view more products or make a purchase.
RollWorks’ B2B Services provide similar types of analytics derived from the same sort of data as AdRoll’s D2C Services described above, but with a focus on firmographic information to provide insights on the type of B2B customers that appear to be interested in specific products or offerings on that Customer’s Digital Property. For example, determining which IP address ranges are associated with a unique identifier (such as a cookie ID) so we can identify companies who may be interested in our Customer’s product or service, or, if a unique identifier is linked to an email address that has already been provided to the B2B customer, RollWorks may alert the Customer of increased browsing activity that indicates interest from a particular known account.
Overall, we use the information learned from unique identifier behavior across the Internet to provide reporting to both our D2C and B2B Customers. A more detailed list of all the data we collect is described in
What Data We Collect.
2. What Data we Collect
Back to top
We collect the following categories of data in the provision of our Services for the purposes explained below.
Data You or Our Customers Provide To Us
Email and CRM data from our Customers
:
Some Customers provide their customer relationship data to us (e.g. name, email address, company address, mobile number) or instruct us to collect clear email addresses on their behalf using NextRoll Technology (“
Customer CRM Data
”) for processing as part of our Services. By doing so, we help our Customers identify who is showing interest on their Digital Properties as well as serve, measure and analyze interest-based ads to their current or potential customers (we may also trigger these ads by licensing
RollWorks B2B Contact Data
to a Customer). For example, if you are browsing a software company’s website and submitted your email to download a white paper, the software company may use our Services to contact you and provide you with more information about the software company’s products that appear to be of most interest to you (subject to the marketing preferences you indicate to the software company). We use our Customer’s CRM Data only as a processor for the purpose of assisting that particular Customer with their own advertising efforts and reporting performance back to the Customer's CRM system. We do not share clear email addresses belonging to one Customer with another Customer.
Shopping Data
:
Some Customers provide us with data about their buyers’ shopping habits, including non-financial transactional data, product codes and check-out activity in addition to the browsing data that we collect. This data may come from their Digital Properties or other non-financial transactional data they maintain. We use this data to help us better target, personalize and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. This data is also Customer CRM Data and belongs to our Customers and is handled by NextRoll as a processor.
Hashed email addresses
:
When a Customer permits us, we collect hashed versions of the email addresses that you have entered on that Customer’s Digital Property. Hashing is a technology process that pseudonymizes email addresses. For instance, when joe
the
cat@nextroll.com is run through a typical hashing function, it becomes a string of digits, such as: 0F0B7B1A1A7E8BDBBC6AA545F8CCD6F83671B32479271BFCB6CC8498912058D5. We take this step to protect email addresses, while being able to use the unique identifier created for the purpose of recognizing you online across Digital Properties and sending you interest-based ads across different devices (computers, tablets and mobile devices) and browsers (also called “cross-device matching”). We describe cross-device matching in further detail in
How We Use the Data We Collect.
Data We Receive in Our Corporate Capacity
:
We also collect data from our own Customers and visitors to our website(s). To learn more about how we collect and use that data, please see our
Website Privacy Notice.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Unless you have opted-out or have otherwise refused to provide consent, the following is data that we collect from your device automatically:
Cookies:
A unique identifier that NextRoll assigns to you when visiting a Customer’s Digital Property so NextRoll can understand your online journey and have the opportunity to serve ads to you when you visit Publisher’s Digital Properties.
Device Information:
This is technical information about the device you use to access our Customers’ Digital Property, such as your operating system. Additionally, in the case of mobile devices, your device type, and mobile device's unique advertising identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID), and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to the mobile device, such as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by
Non-Cookie Technologies
.
IP Address:
The IP address associated with the device you are using when accessing a Customer’s Digital Property.
Location Data:
This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address. This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates (i.e. GPS latitude and longitude) - only country, state, city and zip/postal code, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location (for example, showing ads in French if you are located in France).
Browser Data:
This is technical information about the browser you are using that is captured in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device (for example, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari).
Activity on Customers’ Digital Properties:
This is data about your browsing activity on a Customer’s website or application. This includes, for example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what site or ad brought you to the Customer’s website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart and what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Ad Data:
This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. This includes , for example, how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
All of this data is collected to help make sure you get the best and most relevant experience when engaging with our Customers.
Data We Collect From Third Party Sources
Campaign Performance Data:
This data includes information about how well our Customers’ ads and campaigns have performed, whether on our platform or on other advertising platforms.
Data from Audience Partners:
We may collect additional information about you from our audience partners who create and provide us with segments which we use for our Customers (“
Audience Partner
”). A segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g. demographic or firmographic attributes). We use this data to better understand the Customers’ target audience and to better market the Customers’ products and services to you. We may also work with our Customers and Audience Partners to synchronize their unique, pseudonymous identifiers to our own to enable us to more accurately recognize a particular unique browser or device and the advertising interests associated with it (commonly known as “ID or User Syncing”).
Data from Advertising Partners:
This is data that allows us to match the NextRoll cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other companies in the digital advertising ecosystem that we work with (“
Advertising Partners
”). For example, we work with ad exchanges, publishers and supply side platforms (i.e. companies that sell advertising space on publishers’ websites) in order to serve our ads. Matching cookie identifiers helps us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices and may include pseudonymous advertising identifiers (meaning identifiers that help identify your browser or device, but not you directly) which some Advertising Partners choose to share with us.
Data collected pursuant to RollWorks Business only:
Email Communications:
Customers may provide us with access to their email communications from their prospects when they have engaged us to provide email marketing services. NextRoll acts as a processor of this CRM Data. . When access to this data involves access to Gmail Data, it will be subject to these additional restrictions:
We will only use access to read, write, modify or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings to provide a web email that allows users to compose, send, read and process emails and will not transfer this Gmail Data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law or as part of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets;
We will not use this Gmail Data for serving advertisements; and
We will not allow humans to read this data unless agreed to by the Customer, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for the provision of NextRoll’s Services.
Contact data from third parties
:
We obtain and collect contact data from various third-party sources, including from public sources and through licenses with data providers. We may also infer contact data based on email addresses and email naming conventions. This contact data is B2B information – in other words, it is typically a business email address, business street address and a business telephone number. Please note that as part of our RollWorks Services, we do not collect business email addresses from third parties for any individuals who are residing in any European Territories (as defined in
International Transfers
).
3. How We Use the Data We Collect
Back to top
Our goal is to leverage this data to help Customers better identify and engage with you and, in turn, provide you with an ideal online experience whereby ad-sponsored content is available for free and the ads served to you are for products and services that aim to be relevant and interesting to you. The data we collect also helps Customers analyze traffic on their Digital Properties, measure the effectiveness of their ad campaigns and gauge the interest of prospective buyers.  Additionally, we use this data to operate, improve and enhance our Services.
Specifically, we use this data for the following purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising:
To select ads that are more likely to be relevant to you based on data such as your browsing activity, the time of day and time spent visiting specific Digital Properties, and non-precise geographic data inferred about your device(s). For example, we may show you ads for your favorite shopping site (or similar sites we think you may like) for goods or services only available in your city, region or country during your lunch or commute hours.
Segmenting Audiences:
To segment you into groups (like bargain hunters, high intent visitors, low intent visitors) for certain purposes such as reporting and analytics as well as determining what ads and email content would best peak your interest.  To do so, we use data from Customer Digital Properties you visit in addition to data provided by the Customer and Audience Partners (i.e. demographic and firmographic information about your unique identifier).
Ad Delivery:
We use data about your browser or other technical information about your device in order to technically deliver advertising and confirm successful delivery of the ad.
Frequency Capping:
We use data about the ads that have been served to you to make sure you will not see the same ad too many times. If we know you’ve already seen one of our Customer’s ads several times, we’ll try to show you a different ad next time.
Sequencing:
If you are being served a sequence of ads, to make sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Mapping data to Our Cross-Device Asset:
NextRoll’s cross-device asset is used to connect multiple devices to one person, household, and/or online identifiers such as an email address (hashed for security) that a Customer may have collected directly from its customers. The cross-device asset allows companies to better understand their known-customer activity, as well as improves the ability to target and measure ad campaigns (including limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad).
Cross-device matching
:
Identifying different devices and browsers that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us not show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of cross-device interest-based targeting by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
. To learn more about how we use cross-device matching,
visit our blog
.
Syncing Online Identifiers with Customer CRM Data
:
Customers may use NextRoll Services to match online browsing activity indicated by online identifiers with existing email addresses the Customer has already obtained ( i.e. Customer CRM Data).  Customers may also use this information to understand which consumers or business accounts are showing increased interest to better understand their website audience and respond with appropriate marketing activity.
Identifying Companies Associated with an IP Range for B2B marketing
:
We match IP address ranges to companies who disclose their IP address ranges in order to provide aggregated reports to companies regarding their website traffic.
Reporting and Attribution:
By analyzing activity on our Customers’ Digital Properties, we provide our Customers insights into how their ad campaigns are performing and surface insights about their site visitors. Reporting may include ad metrics, such as traffic on certain Digital Properties, measuring impact of campaigns, impressions (ads served), clicks (ads you clicked on) and conversions. What qualifies as a “conversion” is defined by the Customer—it might include, for example, a sale or a white paper download or a correlation to an actual or inferred sale, site visit or store visit. This data allows a Customer to determine if an ad is not performing well (few attributed conversions), so that the Customer can update the ad (perhaps with a better deal!).
Licensing Data:
When we receive an email address for a U.S. resident or obtain attribute data from third party data providers or derive an email address we may license that data to our Customers. For example, our
RollWorks Contact Data Product
provides our Customers with business email addresses.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations:
Data we collect in our corporate capacity (i.e. our own B2B lists of Customers) is used to conduct our business operations and communications. Please see our
Website Privacy Notice
to learn more about how we use that data.
Complying with Legal Process:
To satisfy in good faith any applicable law, legal process or proper governmental request, such as to respond to a subpoena (whether civil or criminal) or similar process.
Investigating Wrongdoing and Protecting Ourselves or Third Parties:
To enforce or investigate any potential violation of our
Terms of Service
, policies or the law, and to protect ourselves, our Customers or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4. Data Sharing
Back to top
We may disclose data about you with the following third parties:
With a Customer:
We may share data about how you have interacted with a Customer’s Digital Properties, email campaigns or ads.  We may share
business contact data
collected from third party sources or inferred (for example, based on email naming conventions) with a RollWorks B2B Customer if we think that your business or employer would be interested in that Customer’s products. In regards to RollWorks’ Services, we do not collect contact data about residents of European Territories from third parties.
With Our Audience Partners:
We share hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous online identifiers with our Audience Partners in connection with audience creation and modeling and creating segments for the Customer based on the Customer’s CRM Data.
With Our Advertising Partners:
We disclose cookie ID data and the ad we propose to serve with our Advertising Partners, as necessary, to allow for the successful delivery of ads to your device.
With Our Service Providers:
We contract with companies who provide services to us to support our business operations (e.g., for example, website and data hosting, fraud prevention, viewability reporting, data hygiene, marketing and email delivery), as well as billing, collections, tech, customer and operational support.
With Our Subsidiaries and Affiliates:
Our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates will only process your data for the purposes already explained in this Service Privacy Notice. Our subsidiaries are NextRoll Limited (Ireland), AdRoll Limited (UK) and NextRoll Pty Limited (Australia).
In Connection with Legal Proceedings:
When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example, to comply with a binding order of a court or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of NextRoll, our Customer or any other third party.
In Connection with a Sale of Our Business:
If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale (including during due diligence in preparation for the sale).
5. Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Back to top
NextRoll may aggregate and de-identify data it collects so that it can either no longer be directly or indirectly associated with a natural person or cannot be associated with a natural person at all. NextRoll will then use such data for our machine learning, reporting, analytics and other business purposes.
We may also share aggregated and de-identified data with our subsidiaries and affiliates.
6. Cookies and Related Technologies
Back to top
NextRoll offers a consent management platform that adheres to the latest Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF). Our commitment to the principles outlined in the IAB TCF are provided in our
TCF Attestation
.
NextRoll Technology uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our Services to our Customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. You can refuse consent to, or opt-out of, NextRoll cookies at any time, as explained in
Your Choices and Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
below. The NextRoll cookie we serve through our NextRoll Technology for this purpose is named “__adroll”, “__ar_v4”, “_adroll_shared” and “__adroll_fpc.”
Our Advertising Partners may also drop cookies for the purposes described in
What Data We Collect
. Generally, the type of cookies dropped will vary depending on the Advertising Partner. We provide a list of our Advertising Pixel Partners
here
.
Additionally, we use
non-tracking cookies
to store user decisions in terms of your ad consent and opt-out choices:
We may drop a __adroll cookie with value opt-out if you opt-out as described below.
We may drop a __consent cookie that stores the consent choices you have made regarding data processing and advertising by NextRoll.
We may drop a__adroll_post_consent_html for custom HTML to display to the user confirming consent selection.
We may drop a__adroll_post_consent_css for custom CSS (website design) to style the confirm GDPR consent selection.
We may drop a__adroll_consent_params cookie GDPR consent parameters for recording via ad server callbacks.
We may drop a __adroll_bounced3 for users redirected through Safari bounce.
We may drop a__adroll_bounce_closed for Safari banner closure.
We may drop a__adroll_load_stats to determine how many times the Safari banner was loaded.
A full list of NextRoll cookies is set out below:
Tracking cookies
Non-tracking cookies
__adroll
__ar_v4
__adroll_shared
__adroll_fpc
__adroll_consent_params
__adroll_post_consent_html
__adroll_post_connsent_css
__adroll_bounced3
__adroll_bounce_closed
__adroll_load_stats
7. Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Back to top
In respect of website visitors with IP addresses
not from a European Territory
, NextRoll and some of its Advertising Partners may use technologies other than cookie technology to recognize your computer, device or browser for the purposes of interest-based advertising, analyzing engagement with ads or content, measuring the effectiveness of a particular ad campaign or marketing effort, to monitor against fraud or misuse of our Services, or in other ways described in this Service Privacy Notice in
How We Use the Data We Collect
. This use of non-cookie technology may be used in addition to cookies, or separately, to collect and record data about your web browsing activities on browsers, search engines or other platforms that may not utilize NextRoll Technology.
You may opt-out of tracking via non-cookie technologies by employing the respective opt-out techniques described in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
8. Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Back to top
You can control how you share your data with NextRoll, including electing to opt-out of interest-based advertising altogether. Please visit our
opt-out webpage
to opt-out.
Generally speaking, an opt-out allows you to direct NextRoll not to engage in a particular type of data collection. There are many different ways that NextRoll collects data, different purposes for that data collection, and different industry-specific and NextRoll-specific tools for opting-out. We describe below the different options for controlling how NextRoll uses your data:
Web browser:
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon
that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking on our
opt-out page
. Please note that this opt-out function is browser-specific and relies on an opt-out cookie. This means if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Cross Device Opt-Out:
As described above in
How We Use the Data We Collect
, we may link multiple browsers or devices to the cookie ID, hashed email address or other unique identifiers associated with you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in certain conditions, there may be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:
To opt-out of receiving interest-based ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications, see instructions for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising.”
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
NextRoll is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (
NAI
) and adheres to the framework principles. You may use the
NAI opt-out tool
which will allow you to opt-out of seeing interest-based ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies. In addition, the NAI opt-out tool allows you to separately opt-out of “audience matched” advertising through the NAI’s “
Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out
.” You can also use the
email opt-out tool
provided by our Advertising Partner, LiveRamp, to opt-out your email address from their database. Audience matching is a particular type of interest-based advertising where de-identified data (e.g. hashed emails) is tied to “offline” activity or information (this information generally is or can be associated with a consumer’s email address - whether that information is part of our Customer’s own customer lists or in lists we license to the Customer). To do “audience matching,” we or another platform then “match” that information (in de-identified form) to cookie IDs, mobile ad IDs, or other online identifiers. We describe this hashing activity in additional detail in
What Data We Collect
. Because this “audience matched” information is derived from an email address or information that can be tied to an email address, it is possible to opt-out with an email address. However, when you opt-out this way, you will need to submit all of the email addresses that you use for the opt-out to work.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (
DAA
). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners, via the
DAA website
.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (
DAAC
). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners, via the
DAAC website
.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising. You may opt-out via the
EDAA website
.
9. Data Retention
Back to top
Customer CRM Data:
The data retention period for Customer CRM Data is as follows:
If either Customer or NextRoll explicitly terminates the NextRoll Services in accordance with our Terms of Service, NextRoll will delete Customer CRM Data within 90 days from the termination date.
If a Customer’s account has been suspended for 90 days or more, the Customer CRM Data will be deleted.
When a Customer has not logged in to their NextRoll account in the past 365 days
and
there has been no product usage in the past 30 days
and
no media spend has occurred in the past 30 days, the Customer CRM Data will be deleted when the 366th day of no login activity occurs for the account.
Customers may request deletion of Customer CRM Data by visiting the privacy requests
webpage
.
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers:
Cookies we set expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using NextRoll Technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses our technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by you on your device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History:
We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months (for example, data such as a Customer’s website you visited or ads that you may have clicked).
Personal Data Associated with Advertising Bidding Requests:
Data logged in order to process an advertising bid request we have received from an Advertising Partner (such as a cookie identifier, IP address, the domain url requesting to display the ad, and browser information) are deleted after 7 days. Data we have logged regarding bids we have placed to display an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisement bid on and the advertisement won or displayed to the visitor) are deleted after 15 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisement:
Data logged for the display of an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, the advertisement won or displayed to you and data indicating whether you clicked on the particular advertisement displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
Hashed Email Addresses:
Hashed email addresses collected from Customer site visitors are deleted 12 months from the last date the hashed email was collected.
10. Security
Back to top
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing. NextRoll has also completed the SOC2 Type 2 Audit (Security and Privacy) with no exceptions. This report is only available to Customers by a request to
support@nextroll.com
.
11. International Transfers
Back to top
We may transfer the data we collect about you to countries (including the United States of America) other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of performing our Services. In general, the transferring countries will be the countries in which we, our Customers, our Advertising Partners, or their service providers operate.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect that data as described in this Service Privacy Notice and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
For example, when we transfer your data from a European Territory (as defined below) to our parent company in the United States, we do so under the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. These Standard Contractual Clauses are incorporated in the
NextRoll Data Protection Addendum
between NextRoll and each of our Customers where applicable. When we transfer your data outside of a European Territory to Advertising Partners (or vice versa), we do so under lawful data export mechanisms which may include Standard Contractual Clauses and Binding Corporate Rules.
12. Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Back to top
Our Legal Basis:
If you interact with our Services from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. For these purposes, "
European Territories
" means the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
We will normally process personal data about you based on consent (except where the purpose of processing is based on legitimate interest, as described in the “vendor” details of the Consent Management Tool presented to you while visiting Digital Properties from the European Territories). For example, when you visit a Customer’s Digital Property, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie.
If you have questions about, or need further information concerning, the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please email
dpo@nextroll.com
.
European Residents’ Privacy Rights:
In addition, if you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following data subject access rights under EU data protection law:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, please visit our
privacy requests webpage
to obtain a verifiable request form.
If you wish to object to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
portion of this Service Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.
Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by visiting our
opt-out page
or by refusing consent for NextRoll (or changing your consent preferences) when you see a Consent Management Tool displayed on a Customer site which lists NextRoll as a vendor.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available from the
European Data Protection Board website
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, we encourage you to contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
In some cases, we act as a processor for our Customers (for example, when we handle our Customers’ CRM data solely to provide them Services) and, in those cases, you should direct any requests to exercise your data protection rights to the relevant Customer. If you are uncertain whether we process your personal data as a controller or a processor in any specific context, you can contact us at
support@nextroll.com
and we will advise you accordingly.
13. Information For California Residents Only
Back to top
This section supplements the information contained in this Service Privacy Notice and applies solely to visitors, users and others who are residents of the State of California, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations. This section is provided to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (
CPRA
), and regulations promulgated thereunder as each may be amended from time to time (collectively, the “
CCPA
”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
Information We Collect and the Purposes for Which this Information is Used
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
personal information
”). This collection of information is listed in
What Data We Collect.
We set out below the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months in respect of our Services. Please note that personal information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
A.
Identifiers
Yes
Device IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, and your device type, and mobile device's identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.
Directly and indirectly from consumers, third party data providers, ad exchanges, supply-side platforms and Audience Partners. In the case of business email addresses, RollWorks B2B Services may infer a business email address.
B.
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
Name, business address, business telephone number, education, employment, employment history, household income.the perceived general education level of consumers may be collected for marketing, advertising and analytics.
Directly from third party data providers and Audience Partners.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Yes
Limited to age ranges such as 35-44, 45-54, 55-64 and 65+ and male/female gender categories are sometimes collected for use for NextRoll Services that do not carry a risk of unintended discrimination.
Audience Partners.
D.
Commercial information
Yes
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers and Customers.
E.
Biometric information
No
-
-
F.
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application or advertisement. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Directly from browsing history on Customers’ Digital Properties.
Non-personal information about one of our ads (e.g. the third party who served the ad, and the name of the ad) may be connected with browsing history or activity on our websites for the purposes of determining attribution information (e.g. whether particular ad led to a consumer visiting our website, and, if so, which particular ad campaign).
G.
Geolocation data
Yes
Non-precise geolocation derived from IP address.
Directly from consumers, ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms and Audience Partners.
H.
Sensory data
No
-
-
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
Current or past job history, including details about the employer (industry, name, company location, company domain or URL), and employee (positions held, duration of employment, and office location of the company where the employee worked).
Directly from third party data providers and Audience Partners.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R Part 99))
No
-
-
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Yes
Creating profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests.
Directly from Audience Partners.
L.
Sensitive personal information
Yes
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Personal information that relates to the analysis of an individual's physical or mental health may be collected to the extent that the following constitute collection of sensitive personal information:
purchase or browsing history for over-the-counter medications or devices that inform targeted ad selection; and
browsing history and inquiry for services such as elective surgeries, allergy treatments, and health-education or support groups that inform targeted ad selection.
NextRoll does not create consumer profiles based on perceived interest or association with the categories of information related to health information (for example, NextRoll does not have consumer profiles for “allergies” or “ankle surgery,” etc.). NextRoll does not purchase consumer profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests related to health.The consumer-profile interests NextRoll permits for targeted advertising can be found
here
.
Directly from Customers and consumers.
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected
All data we collect is primarily for the commercial purpose of providing marketing, advertising (i.e., cross-context behavioral advertising) and analytical Services. However, as part of performing these Services, we also use data collected for the following additional business purposes:
Auditing Interactions with Consumers: to count ad impressions and verify the quality of ad impressions served to unique visitors identified by cookie id or other unique identifier;
Debugging and Repair:  the identification and repair of impairments to intended and existing functionalities in our Services and NextRoll Technology, perform debugging and related activities to repair errors that impair the functionality of our Services;
Security:  to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Internal Research and Development:  to conduct internal research for technological development of our Services and demonstration of the performance of these Services; and
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification:  to verify the quality or safety of our Services and improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and NextRoll Technology.
For more information on how we use this data, please refer to
How We Use the Data We Collect.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
NextRoll discloses personal data for business purposes as set out in
Purposes for which Personal Information is Collected
above. We disclose, or otherwise share as indicated below, the categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as set out in
Data Sharing
.
Sharing Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared, and/or sold, the following categories of personal information for the commercial purpose of providing cross-context behavioral advertising (known as retargeted or interest based advertising) services:
Category A (Identifiers). By serving ads on digital publisher sites such as news, blogs and weather sites we share and/or sell cookie string data and pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails) from Category A (identifiers) with Advertising Partners and Advertising Partners.
Category F (Internet or other similar network activity). NextRoll may share and/or sell browsing information (e.g., page views on a NextRoll customer site or ads served or clicked) to NextRoll customers about end users who have visited the customer’s site.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding (12) twelve months, we have sold the following categories of personal information:
Category A (Identifiers). Pursuant to our
RollWorks B2B Contact Data
Service, we have sold personal information in the form of business emails from Category A (Identifiers) to Customers.
NextRoll does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of minors.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information page
.
Furthermore, NextRoll processes interest based advertising opt-out preference signals via global privacy controls. To use this method, you must download and enable global privacy controls on a participating browser or browser extension.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of California residents and provides information on how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
)
we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (otherwise known as a data portability request); and
Two separate lists where we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Sales: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relations with you or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that a business correct inaccurate personal Information that is maintained about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our service providers to do the same) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
To exercise the right to know, data portability and deletion rights described above, please submit the consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our
privacy requests webpage.
After submitting the request, a form will be sent to the requestor to verify the consumer request.
On the verification form, the requestor must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe the request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; and (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will deliver our written response to you electronically unless you indicate delivery to be by mail.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot complete a request, if applicable. Please note that personal information deleted during this period as set out in
Data Retention
will not be provided.
The format of our responses to you concerning personal information collected, disclosed or sold will be provided in a readily useable format that should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
CCPA Metrics
To view metrics regarding consumer requests to know, delete, and opt out, for the previous calendar year (January 1 - December 31) please visit our CCPA Metrics
webpage
.
Right to Limit Collection of Sensitive Personal Information
You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information by the business by visiting our
opt-out
page or
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information page
, or through the instructions provided in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information you (or your authorized representative) may visit  the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
webpage.
Opt Out Preference Signals
If you are visiting a site with NextRoll’s Technology, you may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your data by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you do not have an account on the site you are browsing or if you are not logged into your account while browsing, your request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to NextRoll. Please also check for the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information or Privacy Choices link on the sites you visit.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Retaliate against an employee, applicant, or independent contractor’s right to exercise their CCPA rights.
14. Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Back to top
Exercising Your Consumer Rights.
Several US state privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Consumers in these states can exercise their rights via the methods described above under the headings:
Exercising Right to Know
;
Data Portability
; Right to Deletion; and Right to Correct. To appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, or to contact NextRoll, please view the
Contact Us About Questions section
.
The Sale of Personal Information and Processing for Targeted Advertising
For information on the sale of your personal information and how to opt out, see
Sales of Personal Information
. NextRoll processes personal information for targeted advertising. See
How We Use the Data We Collect
above. To opt out of targeted advertising, see
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
, or visit the “Privacy Choices” link in the footer of all NextRoll webpages:
15. Make a Privacy Request
Back to top
To exercise the right to know (access), data portability and deletion rights (right to be forgotten), please submit the consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our
privacy requests webpage
.
16. Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Back to top
Please view NextRoll’s disclosures pursuant to the Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“
LGPD
”),
here
.
17. Changes to this Service Privacy Notice
Back to top
We may update or modify this Service Privacy Notice at our discretion at any time. When we make changes to this Service Privacy Notice we will post the updated notice online and update the notice’s effective date. Please review this Service Privacy Notice periodically.
If we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
18. Contact Us About Questions
Back to top
If you have any questions about this Service Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or want to appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, you can contact
support@nextroll.com
.
If you are located in a European Territory then, where we process your data as a data controller, NextRoll Limited is the data controller of your information. To contact NextRoll Limited please email
support@nextroll.com
or write to us at the following address:
NextRoll Limited
Attn: Legal
Floor 3, Block 3
Miesian Plaza
Dublin 2, Ireland
D02 Y754
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
:
Lucid Privacy Group
NextRoll Data Protection Officer
1050 Page Street
San Francisco, CA 94117
USA
Website Privacy Notice
Effective as of March 13, 2025
View archived Privacy Policy
NextRoll, Inc. (formerly AdRoll, Inc.) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
we
,” “
our
” or “
us
”) is an independent marketing technology company that offers intelligent, data-driven advertising and marketing services and solutions to help big and small companies accelerate their growth (“
Services
”).
Please note that this Privacy Notice only applies to data that we collect when you visit a NextRoll website or a mobile application, including
connect.adroll.com
,
app.adroll.com
,
www.nextroll.com
,
www.adroll.com
,
pages.adroll.com
,
www.rollworks.com
,
pages.rollworks.com
,
https://blog.adrollgroup.com
,
help.adroll.com
,
tech.adroll.com
, or
developers.adroll.com
(each a "
Digital Property
"). To learn what data we collect when you visit the websites of our Advertisers, please visit the
NextRoll Service Privacy Notice
.
Table of Contents
About NextRoll's Services
What Data We Collect
How We Use the Data We Collect
Data Sharing
Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Cookies and Related Technologies
Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Data retention
Security
International Transfers
Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Information for California Residents Only
Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Questions
1. About NextRoll's Services
Back to top
NextRoll is a marketing technology company that helps big and small companies deliver products ambitious marketers use and rely on to grow their businesses. Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s intelligent, data-driven marketing and advertising services and solutions go beyond serving digital ads by providing companies better visibility into which audiences are most interested in certain products and services.  By using NextRoll’s proprietary data and machine learning offerings (“NextRoll Technology,”), companies can better understand their customers, find new loyal customers and build lasting customer relationships through intelligence-driven marketing activities.
NextRoll has two different business divisions:
AdRoll
is an e-commerce marketing platform for companies that sell their products and services directly to consumers (called “Direct to Consumer” or “D2C” companies). The AdRoll platform makes it easy and affordable for D2C companies to deliver the cross-channel experiences consumers expect – enabling them to sell more to their existing consumers, and also to identify new consumers to introduce to their products and services. AdRoll does this by creating connected, personalized customer journeys that enable brands to reach new and existing customers through digital advertising, email marketing and onsite experiences, and helps companies understand the impact of their marketing efforts with advanced measurement and attribution;
RollWorks
offers an account-based platform for businesses who want to sell their products and services to other businesses (called “Business to Business” or “B2B” companies). Our RollWorks Services help B2B companies identify their target accounts and key buyers, reach those accounts across multiple channels and measure program effectiveness in their system-of-record.
The NextRoll websites are a collection of sites that we use to describe our Services to potential customers, to provide our Services to our Customers, and to support Customers and partners as they seek to identify, deploy and measure their marketing and advertising efforts with us over time.
For more information on the data collected through our Services, please see our
Service Privacy Notice
.
2. What Data We Collect
Back to top
We may collect the following categories of information on our Digital Properties and use them for the purposes explained below.
Data You Provide To Us
Contact Information:
You may provide us with your name, address, phone number and email when you set up an account with us and you may provide your name, title, company, email, address and/or phone number when you sign up for an event with us online or download content from our Digital Properties.
Account Information:
If you open an account, we will collect your username and password and other information necessary to open and access your account.
Customer Service Information:
Information you may provide to our customer service including your email address for purposes of responding to your inquiries and survey responses.
Financial Information:
Credit card number or other payment account information. This information is collected directly by our payments processor and not stored by NextRoll.
Hashed email addresses:
We collect hashed versions of the email addresses that you enter on our Digital Properties. Hashing is a technology process that pseudonymizes (i.e. digitally scrambles) email addresses. For instance, when joe_the_cat@nextroll.com is run through a typical hashing function, it becomes a string of digitsm such as: 0F0B7B1A1A7E8BDBBC6AA545F8CCD6F83671B32479271BFCB6CC8498912058D5. We take this step to de-identify data and protect email addresses. We use the hashed email  created for the purpose of recognizing you and sending your interest-based ads across different devices (computers, tablets and mobile devices) and browsers (also called “cross-device matching”). We describe cross-device matching in further detail in
How We Use the Data We Collect
.
Information about your business:
You may use the tools available on NextRoll’s Digital Properties to learn more about how NextRoll’s Services can help you grow your business.  If you are an existing Customer, we may use the information you provide about your business when using our online tools to add to your existing Customer profile with NextRoll.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Cookies:
A unique identifier that NextRoll assigns to you when visiting one of our sites so we can understand your online journey and have the opportunity to serve ads to you when you visit a publisher’s site.
Device Information:
This is technical information about the device you use to access our Digital Properties such as your operating system. Additionally, in the case of mobile devices, your device type, unique advertising identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to the mobile device, such as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by
Non-Cookie Technologies
.
IP Address:
The IP address associated with the device you are using when visiting a NextRoll Digital Property.
Location Data:
This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address. This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates (i.e. your GPS latitude and longitude) - only country, state, city and zip/postal code, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location (for example, showing ads in French if you are located in France).
Browser Data:
This is technical information about the browser you are using that is captured in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device (for example, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari).
Activity on our Digital Properties:
This is data about your browsing activity on our Digital Properties and your interactions with our other tools or dashboards. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page or whether you downloaded a white paper.
Ad Data:
This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. This includes, for example, how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
All this data is collected to help make sure you get the best and most relevant experience when engaging with NextRoll.
Data We Collect from Third Party Sources
Data from Audience Partners:
We may collect additional information about you from our audience partners who create and provide us with segments of our own customers (“Audience Partner”). A segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g. firmographic attributes).  We use this data to better understand our target audience and to better market our Services to you.
Data from Advertising Partners:
This is data that allows us to match the NextRoll cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other companies in the digital advertising ecosystem that we work with (“Advertising Partners”). For example, we work with ad exchanges, publishers and supply side platforms (i.e. companies that sell advertising space on publishers’ websites) in order to serve our ads. Matching cookie identifiers helps us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices, and may include pseudonymous advertising identifiers (meaning identifiers that help identify your browser or device, but not you directly) which some Advertising Partners choose to share with us.
Contact Data from Third Parties:
We obtain and collect contact data from various third party sources, including from public sources and through licenses with data providers. This contact data is B2B information – in other words, it is typically a business email address, business street address, or sometimes, a business telephone number.
3. How We Use the Data We Collect
Back to top
Specifically, we use this data for:
Interest-Based Advertising:
Serving you ads for certain NextRoll Services that are more likely to be relevant to you based on your browsing activity, the time of day you visit our Digital Properties and the time you spend on them, and non-precise geographic data inferred about your device/s. For example, we may show you ads for our Service  only available in your city, region or country during your lunch or commute hours. For more information about how our Services work, please see our Service Privacy Notice.
Segmenting Audiences:
We use data from our Digital Properties you visit in addition to data from Audience Partners to segment you into groups (like high or low intent visitors) for reporting, analytics and determining what ads and email content would best peak your interest.
Ad delivery:
We use data about your browser or other technical information about your device in order to deliver advertising and confirm successful delivery of the ad.
Frequency Capping:
We use data about ads that have been served to you to make sure that you don't see the same NextRoll ad too many times.
Sequencing:
If you are being served a sequence of ads, we do this to make sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Mapping Data to our Cross-Device Asset:
NextRoll cross-device asset is used to connect multiple devices to one person, household, and/or online identifiers such as an email address (hashed for security) that you may have submitted to NextRoll.  Our cross-device asset allows us to better understand your online activity and helps us improve our ability to target and measure ad campaigns (including limiting the number of times you or your household sees an ad for NextRoll Services).
Cross-Device Matching:
Identifying different devices and browsers that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us not show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of cross-device interest-based targeting by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
. To learn more about how we use cross-device matching, click
here
.
Syncing Online Identifiers with Customer CRM Data:
If you have provided us with your email address, we may match your online browsing activity indicated by online identifiers.  We may use this information to see if you are showing increased interest in our products and services to better understand our website audience and to respond with appropriate marketing activity.
Identifying Companies Associated with an IP Range for B2B Marketing:
We match IP address ranges to companies who disclose their IP address ranges to analyze and report our website traffic.
Reporting and Attribution:
Analyzing how our ads are performing and gaining insights into our Customers and prospective customers. Reporting may include ad metrics such as attribution (described above), impressions (ads served), clicks (ads you clicked on) and conversions (for example, if you create an account with us or download a white paper from our site). This helps us identify ads that are most useful to you and demonstrates NextRoll’s value. Relatedly, this also helps us identify an ad that is not performing well, allowing us to update our ad or ad campaign strategy.
Providing our Services and Customer Support:
For example, to monitor usage of features, manage campaigns and log data for audit purposes. We may contact you when you ask us for support or when it appears to us that you might need support. We maintain records of our communications with you for future reference.
Billing:
Invoice you and collect fees for services we have provided.
Troubleshoot Problems:
To monitor and fix our website performance, for example, if the site is slow, not loading properly, or to investigate aberrations in performance of our Services.
Prevent Potential Fraud and Enforce our Terms of Service:
To prevent fraud on our sites or through the use of our Services,to enforce our Terms of Service or other policies or investigate any potential violation of those Terms and policies, any potential violation of the law, or to protect ourselves, our Customers or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
Customize, Measure and Improve our Websites and Services:
To provide customized content and to measure which content is most helpful (or unhelpful) to our Customers, which helps improve our website and our services. For example, if we notice higher visits to certain Help Center articles or receive higher customer support tickets for specific issues, we can improve our support materials or identify areas where we can make our product better for our Customers.
Contact You About Your Account or our Services, Including to Market our Services to You or Provide Updates:
We may use your contact information to contact you about your account, for example, in relation to the performance of your campaigns, to follow up on billing issues or to tell you about new Services we are offering. We may send you product updates, performance information, surveys or communicate with you in other ways about our services. When we can legally do so, we may augment the information you give us in order to contact you by phone or even snail mail. You can opt-out of receiving emails by unsubscribing through the link at the bottom of our emails or by updating your email preferences
here
. You can let us know if you don’t want to receive phone calls or other marketing materials from us by contacting
support@nextroll.com
.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations.
Data collected in our corporate capacity, such as our own B2B lists of Customers and prospective customers, is used to conduct our business operations and send communications.
Complying with Legal Process:
To satisfy in good faith any applicable law, legal process or proper governmental request, such as to respond to a subpoena (whether civil or criminal) or similar process.
Investigating Wrongdoing and Protecting Ourselves or Third Parties:
To enforce or investigate any potential violation of our Terms of Service and policies, any potential violation of the law and to protect ourselves, our Customers, or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4. Data Sharing
Back to top
We may disclose data about you:
With our Audience Partners:
We share hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous online identifiers with our Audience Partners in connection with audience creation and modeling and creating segments.
With our Advertising Partners:
We disclose cookie ID data and the ad we propose to serve to you with our Advertising Partners, as necessary, to allow for successful delivery of ads to your device.
With our Service Providers:
We contract with companies who help with parts of our business operations (e.g., website and data hosting, fraud prevention, viewability reporting, data hygiene, marketing and email delivery), as well as billing, collections, tech, customer and operational support.
With our Subsidiaries and Affiliates:
These entities will only process your data for the purposes already explained in this Website Privacy Notice. Our subsidiaries are NextRoll Limited (Ireland), AdRoll Limited (UK) and NextRoll Pty Limited (Australia).
In connection with legal proceedings:
When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example to comply with a binding order of a court, or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of NextRoll, our Customers or any other third party.
In connection with a sale of our business:
If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale (including during due diligence in preparation for the sale).
5. Aggregated and De-Identified Data
Back to top
NextRoll may aggregate and de-identify data it collects so that it can either no longer be directly associated with a natural person or cannot be associated with a natural person at all.  NextRoll will then use such data for our machine learning, reporting, and other business purposes.
We may also share aggregated and de-identified data with our subsidiaries and affiliates and third parties, including with our Advertising Partners. For example, we may conduct industry wide surveys to publish benchmark reports, or to include statistics when collaborating with researchers or other companies on industry white papers.
6. Cookies and Related Technologies
Back to top
Our websites use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to operate and personalize our sites.  For example, to provide personalized content on our site, enable customer service chat functionality, for analytics purposes, and to target ads to you about our products and services on other websites.
We also use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide our services for our Customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device.  You can refuse consent to, or opt-out of, NextRoll cookies at any time, as explained in
Your Choices and Opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
below.
Tracking cookies
enable us to identify your device when you move between different Digital Properties, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
The NextRoll cookie we serve through the NextRoll platform for this purpose is named “__adroll,” “__ar_v4” and “__adroll_fpc”.
Our Advertising Partners may also drop cookies for the purposes described in
What Data We Collect
. Generally, the type of cookies dropped will vary depending on the Advertising Partner. We provide a list of our Advertising Pixel Partners
here
.
Additionally, we use
non-tracking cookies
to store user decisions in terms of your ad consent and opt-out choices:
We may drop an __adroll cookie with value opt-out if you opt-out as described below.
We may drop a __consent cookie that stores the consent choices you have made regarding data processing and advertising by NextRoll.
A full list of NextRoll cookies is set out below:
Tracking cookies
Non-tracking cookies
__adroll
__ar_v4
__adroll_fpc
__adroll_consent_paramas
__adroll_post_consent_html
__adroll_post_connsent_css
7. Non-Cookie Technology for Tracking Outside European Territories
Back to top
In respect of website visitors with IP addresses
not from a European Territory
, NextRoll and some of our Advertising Partners may use technologies other than cookie technology to recognize your computer, device or browser for the purpose of interest-based advertising, analyzing engagement with ads or content, measuring the effectiveness of a particular ad campaign or marketing effort, monitoring against fraud or misuse of our Services, or in other ways described in this Website Privacy Notice in
How We Use the Data We Collect
. This use of non-cookie technology may be used in addition to cookies, or separately, to collect and record data about your web browsing activities on browsers, search engines or other platforms that may not utilize NextRoll Technology. You may opt-out of tracking via non-cookie technologies by employing the respective opt-out techniques described in
Your Choices and Opting- Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics Ads
.
8. Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
Back to top
You can control how you share your data with NextRoll, including electing to “opt-out” of interest-based advertising altogether. Please visit our
opt-out webpage
to opt out.
Generally speaking, an opt-out allows you to direct NextRoll not to engage in a particular type of data collection.  There are many different ways that NextRoll collects data, different purposes for that data collection and different industry-specific and NextRoll-specific tools for opting-out.  We describe below the different options for controlling how NextRoll uses your data:
Web browser:
You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon
that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking
here
. Please note that this opt-out function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie.” This means if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Cross Device Opt-Out:
As described above, How We Use the Data We Collect, we may link multiple browsers or devices to the cookie ID, hashed email address or other unique identifiers associated with you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have more browsers or devices linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to the other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:
To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications see the following instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt-out of interest-based advertising.”
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
NextRoll is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the framework principles. You may use the NAI opt-out tool
here
, which will allow you to opt-out of seeing personalized ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies. In addition, the NAI opt-out tool allows you to separately opt-out of “audience matched” advertising through the NAI’s “Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out” tool. You can also use the
email opt-out tool
provided by our Advertising Partner, LiveRamp, to opt your email address from their database. Audience matching is a particular type of interest-based advertising where de-identified data (e.g. hashed emails) is tied to “offline” activity or information (generally, information that is or can be associated with a consumer’s email address) and matches that de-identified data to cookies, mobile ad IDs or other online identifiers. We describe this hashing activity in detail in
What Data We Collect
. Because this “audience matched” information is derived from an email address or information that can be tied to an email address, it is possible to opt-out with an email address. However, when you opt-out in this way, you will need to submit all of the email addresses that you use for the opt-out to work.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the
DAA website
.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the
DAAC website
.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising. You may opt-out via the
EDAA website
.
You can also request that we stop email marketing to you. You can use the “unsubscribe link” in our marketing emails or contact
support@nextroll.com
.
9. Data retention
Back to top
We retain data for as long as necessary to perform our Services and for the purposes described in this Website Privacy Notice. For example, we may retain:
billing information as necessary to meet audit requirements;
login information to confirm when Customers accepted our Terms of Service; and
information as long as necessary to meet legal requirements, resolve disputes or enforce agreements.
We retain cookie data such as device and browser information, ad data and data collected on our Digital Properties as follows:
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers:
Cookie identifiers we collect expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using our technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses NextRoll Technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by you on your device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History:
We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months (for example, data such as a NextRoll Digital Property you visited or NextRoll ads that you may have clicked).
Personal Data Associated with Advertising Bidding Requests:
Data logged in order to process an advertising bid request we have received from an Advertising Partner (such as cookie identifier, IP address, the domain url requesting to display the ad and browser information) are deleted after 7 days. Data we have logged regarding bids we have placed to display an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisable bid on and the advertisable won or displayed to the visitor) are deleted after 15 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisement:
Data logged for the display of an advertisement (including cookie identifiers, the advertisement won or displayed to you and data indicating whether you clicked on the particular advertisement displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
10. Security
Back to top
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing.
11. International Transfers
Back to top
We may transfer the information we collect about you to countries (including the United States of America) other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of performing  our Services. In general, these countries will be the countries in which we or our service providers operate.
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Website Privacy Notice and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
For example, when we transfer your information from a European Territory (as defined below) to our parent company in the United States, we do so under the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. When we transfer your data outside of a European Territory to Advertising Partners (or vice versa), we do so under lawful data export mechanisms which may include Standard Contractual Clauses and Binding Corporate Rules.
12. Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights
Back to top
Our Legal Basis:
If you are a visitor from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. "European Territories" mean the European Economic Area and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Website Privacy Notice, the term "European Territories" shall continue to include the United Kingdom.
We will typically collect personal data from you based on your consent. For example, when you visit one of our Digital Properties, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie. We also collect personal data where the purpose of processing is based on NextRoll’s legitimate interest, as described in the “vendor” details of the Consent Management Tool presented to you . For example, to administer our platforms and provide our Services and fulfil our contractual obligations as a service provider.
If you have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
European Residents Privacy Rights:
If you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following enhanced rights under EU data protection law:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information, please complete the information on this
webpage
to obtain a verifiable request.
If you wish to
object
to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
portion of this Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.
Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent,
then you can withdraw your consent at any time
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by visiting our
opt-out page
or by refusing consent for NextRoll when you see a Consent Management Tool displayed on websites which lists NextRoll as a vendor.
You have the
right to complain
to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available from the European Data Protection Board
website
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, we encourage you to contact us first at
support@nextroll.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
.
13. Information For California Residents Only
Back to top
This section supplements the information contained in this Website Privacy Notice and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations. This section is provided to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), and regulations promulgated thereunder as each may be amended from time to time (collectively the “CCPA”).
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
For the purposes of this section “
Services
” shall mean performing advertising and marketing services for NextRoll’s purposes as well as maintaining or servicing NextRoll Customer accounts, providing Customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying Customer information and processing payments.
Information We Collect and the Purposes for Which this Information is Used
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
personal information
”).  This collection of information is listed in
What Data We Collect
.
We set out below the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months who are NextRoll Customers and/or visitors of the NextRoll’s Digital Properties. Personal information in certain categories may overlap with other categories.
A.
Identifiers
Yes
Device IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, and your device type, and mobile device's identifier (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and any other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.
Directly and indirectly from consumers, third party data providers, ad exchanges, supply-side platforms and Audience Partners. In the case of business email addresses, RollWorks B2B Services may infer a business email address.
B.
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
Name, business address, business telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number or other payment account information.
Directly from consumers and Audience Partners.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
No
-
-
D.
Commercial information
Yes
Records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers.
E.
Biometric information
No
-
-
F.
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded a white paper on a B2B website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Directly from browsing history on our Digital Properties.
Non-personal information about one of our ads (e.g. the third party who served the ad, and the name of the ad) may be connected with browsing history or activity on our websites for the purposes of determining attribution information (e.g. whether particular ad led to a consumer visiting our website, and, if so, which particular ad campaign).
G.
Geolocation data
Yes
Non-precise geolocation derived from IP address.
Directly from consumers, ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms and Audience Partners.
H.
Sensory data
No
-
-
I.
Professional or employment-related information
Yes
Current or past job history, including details about the employer (industry, name, company location, company domain or URL), and employee (positions held, duration of employment, and office location of the company where the employee worked).
Third party data providers and AudiencePartners.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R Part 99))
No
-
-
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Yes
Creating profiles that reflect consumer preferences and interests.
Audience partners.
L.
Sensitive Personal Information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Customers
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected
All data we collect pursuant to this Website Privacy Notice is primarily for the commercial purpose of performing advertising and marketing services for our own purposes as well as maintaining or servicing our Customer accounts, providing Customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information and processing payments. We also use data collected for the following additional business purposes:
Auditing Interactions with Consumers:
count ad impressions and verify the quality of ad impressions served to unique visitors identified by cookie IDor other unique identifier;
Debugging and Repair:
the identification and repair of impairments to intended and existing functionalities in our Services and NextRoll Technology, perform debugging and related activities to repair errors that impair the functionality of our Services;
Security:
to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Internal Research and Development:
conduct internal research for technological development of our Services and demonstration of the performance of these Services; and
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification:
verify the quality or safety of our Services and improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and NextRoll Technology.
For more information on how we use this data, please refer to
How We Use the Data We Collect
.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
NextRoll discloses personal data for business purposes as set out in Purposes for which Personal Information is Collected above. We disclose, or otherwise share as indicated below, the categories of personal information to the categories of third parties as set out in
Data Sharing
.
Sharing and Selling Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared and/or sold the following categories of personal information for the commercial purpose of  of providing cross-context behavioral advertising (known as retargeted or interest based advertising) services:
Category A (Identifiers). By serving ads on digital publisher sites such as news, blogs and weather sites we share and/or sell cookie string data and pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails) from Category A (identifiers) with Advertising Partners and Advertising Partners.
NextRoll does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal information of minors.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Furthermore, NextRoll processes interest based advertising opt-out preference signals via global privacy controls. To use this method, you must download and enable global privacy controls on a participating browser or browser extension.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of California residents under CCPA and provides information on how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (otherwise known as a data portability request); and
Two separate lists where we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose:
Sales: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose: identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability and Right to Correct
), we will delete (and direct our services providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relations with you or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that a business correct inaccurate personal Information that is maintains about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct (and direct our service providers to do the same) your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability, Right to Deletion, and Right to Correct
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit the consumer request to us by either.
Calling us at 1-844-740-7126; or
Visiting our privacy requests
webpage
.
After submitting the request, a form will be sent to the requestor to verify the consumer request.
On the verification from, the requestor must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request; and (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will deliver our written response to you electronically unless you indicate delivery to be by mail.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot complete a request, if applicable. Please note that personal information deleted during this period as set out in
Data Retention
will not be provided.
The format of our responses to you concerning personal information collected, disclosed or sold will be provided in a readily usable format that should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information you (or your authorized representative) may visit the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
webpage.
Opt Out Preference Signals
If you are visiting a NextRoll Digital Property, you may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your data by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). If you do not have an account on the site you are browsing or if you are not logged into your account while browsing, your request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to NextRoll. If you would like us to make the connection between your browser and your account when you send the opt out request or GPC signal, and you have not yet opted out, you can do so here.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
To exercise the right to opt-out of interest-based advertising, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
webpage.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
14. Information for Non-California Residents in US States with Data Privacy Laws
Back to top
Exercising Your Consumer Rights.
Several US state privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. Consumers in these states can exercise their rights via the methods described above under the headings:in Exercising Right to Know, Data Portability; Right to Deletion; and Right to Correct. To appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, or to contact NextRoll, please view the Contact Us About Questions section.
The Sale of Personal Information and Processing for Targeted Advertising
For information on the sale of your personal information and how to opt out, see
Sales of Personal Information
. NextRoll processes personal information for targeted advertising. See
How We Use the Data We Collect
above. To opt out of targeted advertising, see
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics
, or visit the “Privacy Choices” link in the footer of all NextRoll webpages:
15. Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Back to top
Please view NextRoll’s disclosures pursuant to the Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”),
here
.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
Back to top
We may update or modify this Website Privacy Notice at our discretion at any time. When we make changes to this Website Privacy Notice, we will post the updated notice online and update the notice’s effective date. Please review this Website Privacy Notice periodically.
If we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
17. Contact Us About Questions
Back to top
If you have any questions about this Service Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, or want to appeal NextRoll’s decision as a Controller with regard to a consumer request, you can contact support@nextroll.com.
If you are located in a European Territory then, where we process your data as a data controller, NextRoll Limited is the data controller of your information. To contact NextRoll Limited please email support@nextroll.com or write to us at the following address:
NextRoll Limited
Attn: Legal
Floor 3, Block 3
Miesian Plaza
Dublin 2, Ireland
D02 Y754
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@nextroll.com
or by writing to the following address:
Address:
Lucid Privacy Group
Attention: NextRoll Data Protection Officer
1050 Page Street
San Francisco, CA 94117
USA
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 5
https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy:
Microsoft Invest
Microsoft Invest is a demand-side platform built for the future of video advertising. With an integrated platform advantage and a focus on data-driven performance, Invest enables you to engage audiences on all screens and drive business results.
Sign up
Benefits of Microsoft Invest
Integrated Platform Advantage
Technology designed to maximize digital investments.
Data-Driven Performance
Intelligent, customizable data solutions that power campaign performance.
Built for the Future of Video
Enabling buyers to engage the audience – not the device.
Key features of Microsoft Invest
Deal buying
Exclusive audiences
Planner
Premium CTV
Deal buying from our Inventory library
An intuitive and graphics-based approach to deal discovery and activation, offering access to curated premium deal catalogs and more visibility into deal inventory than you’ve ever had before.
Discover exclusive curated catalogs created by premium data owners and available off-the-shelf to reach audiences at scale.
Exclusive audiences
Reach more than a billion
1
users with Microsoft’s valuable audiences, including millions you may not be reaching anywhere else.
Planner
Gain confidence in campaign planning, focusing on the data that matters to you before you go live.
Pairing Invest with Planner allows you to: plan cross-channel, boost digital investments, find the right audience and discover premium inventory, eliminate planning and buying silos.
Premium CTV marketplace, featuring Netflix
Engage audiences on all screens and drive business results by tapping into our marketplace for premium inventory, from our direct publishers on Monetize or through our robust integrations with all major SSPs​.
Case study
GroupM – Microsoft Audiences
The road to rave results: How GroupM powered a Continental Tires campaign leveraging Microsoft’s audience intelligence.
Learn more
Case study
Open up new advertising opportunities with Microsoft Invest
Existing customers are encouraged to reach out to their account managers.
Sign up
Frequently asked questions
End-to-end platform with a buy and sell-side tech infrastructure offering increased efficiency, such as 100% DSP-to-SSP match rates, campaign delivery stability, bid shading applied to all bids, and no discrepancy fees, allowing for competitive and transparent take-rates.
Ability for buyers to build custom bidding algorithms to replace or complement existing optimization, using our Data Science Toolkit.
Open and well-documented Enterprise APIs allow buyers to build their proprietary solution on top of our platform, using our robust log-level data offering.
Direct and expanded access to Curate’s deal library – including curated deals from external SSPs
A future-proof, multidimensional approach to solve identity.
Direct supply and far-reaching integrations with leading supply partners globally.
A buy and sell-side tech infrastructure that delivers 100% DSP-to-SSP match rates, campaign delivery stability, bid shading applied to all bids at no cost, and no discrepancy fees, allowing for competitive – and transparent – take-rates.
Expansive investments in supply chain transparency, in-house and partnered holistic brand safety solutions, and efficient supply strategy and decisioning through duplication analysis, harnessing years of data science and impression-level data analysis.
Flexible ways to transact through outcome-based buying, Programmatic Guaranteed, and sophisticated deal curation capabilities.
Microsoft Invest offers exclusive access to Microsoft’s in-market and demographic audience segments, to reach more than one billion users programmatically.
Microsoft Invest offers a range of intelligent and customizable data solutions to power campaign performance.
A choice of identity solutions that combine trusted consumer relationships, unique audiences and a flexible identity suite to help you reach the audiences that matter.
Exclusive privacy-safe consumer data sets, including search and web activity from Bing and our browser Microsoft Edge, LinkedIn professional profiles and demographics - to access highly engaged audiences and reach 1 billion users including millions you may not be reaching anywhere else.
Ability to activate advertiser first-party data and access tailored, detailed insights that will inform your buying strategy.
Support of major industry ID solutions, in complement to first-party ID solutions to optimize campaign reach and precision.
Access to a data marketplace of more than 40+ global data partners to inform behavioral and contextual strategies.
More than a decade-long track record of powering advanced buyers with the most customizable enterprise solutions.
Out-of-the-box optimization and inventory recommendation powered by machine learning, along with intuitive UI-based customization options.
A Data Science toolkit provides unique tools to deploy custom bidding algorithms and measurement solutions tailored to business outcomes.
Invest has a variety of capabilities that enable you to engage the audience, not the device, helping you reach the goals that matter most.
Robust video and CTV feature set including video KPI optimization and reporting and video inventory recommendations to discover relevant premium video inventory to maximize the reach and performance of your campaigns.
Expansive CTV publisher supply and 3rd-party integrations with leading CTV partners to reach audiences on every screen.
Streamlined access to a wide range of Microsoft or third-party curated deals.
Increased functionality focused on getting campaigns running faster; troubleshooting and monitoring; expanded optimization and tailored reporting.
Flexible support offerings and services with ongoing support/troubleshooting for managed serviced, self-serve.
Training programs that include in-person training and E-learning curriculums.
[1] 2023 Microsoft Invest first-party data.
Xandr Platform Privacy Policies
Xandr Digital platform cookie policy
Xandr Political advertising
Your input makes us better
Take our quick 3-minute survey and help us transform your website experience.
Take survey
Dismiss
Sub-policy 6
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-us?lang=en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.