View all topics
Terms & Conditions
Online Shopping
Privacy Statement
Recent Searches
Clear all
No recent searches
Popular Articles
Articles
View all
Topics
View all
Tickets
View all
Sorry! nothing found for
Privacy Statement
Modified on Tue, 22 Aug, 2023 at 10:26 AM
We value your privacy
The Foschini Group Limited (TFG) and its subsidiaries believe that your personal information
is your most valuable asset and that it should be protected.
TFG is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal information is
collected and used properly, lawfully and transparently. This Privacy Statement outlines our
practices when it comes to personal information and it forms part of the terms and conditions
for our credit products, partnership products, TFG Rewards, lay-bys, e-commerce (through
Bash and/or myTFGworld), employment relationships and relationships with our customers
and service providers.
Who are we?
TFG refers to The Foschini Group Limited which is our holding company and it includes all
its subsidiaries and retail brands in South Africa and the African countries in which we trade.
On occasion we also welcome new brands and companies into our TFG family and this
Privacy Statement will also extend to those new acquisitions. For more information on our
brands please visit
www.bash.com
.
TFG is a lifestyle retailer offering (amongst others) homeware, jewellery, accessories,
clothing, footwear, mobile products/services, mobile content, publishing and insurance
products. These products are lifestyle products/services, which are similar in nature
between the respective brands and subsidiaries; and may be offered to you from time to time
interchangeably, if you have agreed to receive communication from TFG.
When you shop at TFG – you are buying into a lifestyle which covers your home, fashion,
connectivity, leisure and insurance needs.
What personal information do we collect?
The type of personal information that we collect, depends on the type of products or services
that you choose to make use of, or select when you open a TFG Money Account, register for
our TFG Rewards program, shop or browse online on Bash or the Bash Mobile app,
myTFGworld, enter one of our competitions, connect with us on social media or shop in our
stores. Generally, we collect the following personal information:
your name, surname, identity/passport number, contact information and residential/postal address;
your age, gender, ethnicity (for statistical purposes), marital status and language preference;
your employment information (including information on your CV – if applicable), banking and financial information;
any other form of personal information that we may reasonably require to offer any of our products or services to you;
details of the resources that you access to visit our website (for example, URL addresses, traffic data etc.);
information about the type of device you have used to visit our website, your device settings, and the cause of any system errors. Your device manufacturer or operating system provider will have further details on what information your device makes available;
“cookies” that track your preferences during your visits to our websites which enables us to simplify navigation, by using Google Analytics (which is a web-analysis tool from Google Inc). This allows us to ensure that the content of our websites remain up to date and comprehensive. The information that is used during this process (which includes your IP Address) is de-identified and makes personal identification impossible. We own and retain all rights to de-identified statistical information collected and compiled by us. We also make use of first-party and third-party cookies, as well as web beacons and similar technologies to deliver measurement services and targeted advertising to our website visitors. Cookies may include Google Analytics cookies, a Google Ads cookie, and a Facebook Event Tracking cookie. Cookies help us to provide you with a better online experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful or not. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any of your personal information, other than that which you choose to share with us. You may at any time decline cookies in your web browser settings, but this may prevent you from using the full functionality of our websites. For more information on the use of Google Analytics, please visit
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. For detail regarding the information Google collects and how it is used to deliver targeted advertising, please visit
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
How do we collect your personal information?
We will collect personal information directly from you and, depending on the type of products/services used by you, it may be collected when you:
apply for a TFG Money Account (or a partnered product) with us or any other financial services offering provided by us and you complete the application form;
sign up for our TFG Rewards programme;
create an online profile on our e-commerce platform(s) or download one of our apps;
visit our website, app or our social media platforms;
purchase products on lay-by or with our partner provided “buy now, pay later” program/s;
shop with us as a customer; give us your details for an item request; engage with us online, telephonically, on social media, on our apps, by SMS, email or via WhatsApp;
sign up for our newsletters;
enter any of our competitions;
are a supplier or prospective supplier;
are an employee or a prospective employee who registers on our career portal and submit your curriculum vitae.
There are also instances where we will be collecting information from trusted external
sources. These sources may include the following:
Registered credit bureaus, when we need to obtain and verify your financial information in order to assess your application for credit and maintain your TFG Money Account;
Our commercial partners to whom you have given consent to share your information;
A TFG policyholder who has added you as a beneficiary on an insurance policy;
A TFG Money Account customer who has listed you as a reference.
We will always ensure that you are aware (through the relevant terms and conditions and
this Privacy Statement) that we will be obtaining information from any source other than
yourself.
Do you have to share your personal information with us?
In order for us to provide you with our products/services we may have to collect and process
your personal information. This means that the processing of your personal information may
be required and should you not wish for us to do so you will not be able to continue with
purchasing our products/services.
How do we use (process) your information?
This will depend on the type of products/services that you are using but your personal
information may be used for the following purposes:
to invite you to exclusive events;
to assess your credit application when you open a TFG Money Account (or partnered product);
to improve our customer service levels;
to manage and administer your TFG Money Account, TFG Rewards programme, lay-by transactions, insurance policies, publication and mobile content product subscriptions, airtime/data contracts and your online shopping profile;
to collect payment from you;
to contact you to market our value added products and other offerings which you may be interested in, provided that you have agreed to receive such offers;
to protect our legal rights and carry out any legal and contractual obligations;
to provide you with tailor-made offerings, we will use your information for data analysis. This is when we use your information to identify your buying patterns, interests and other characteristics to determine what type of services and products we can offer you or how we can change our processes to give you a better customer experience. We will also use your credit bureau data for this purpose;
to manage your employment relationship or potential employment relationship with us;
to test changes to various IT systems, applications and for the purposes of training;
to manage our supplier relationships;
to the extent necessary in terms of Occupational Health and Safety laws, in relation to your presence at a TFG premises.
There will also be instances where we are required by law or have another justification to process your information.
We have a legitimate interest to process your personal information in order for us to promote our business, brands and products and services:
to contact you with information about our products and services after we presented you with an option to opt-in (e.g. using a tick box on the credit application) This will include products and services from any brands or companies that TFG acquires;
to deliver tailored advertising (including via social media);
to personalise our marketing communications based on your attributes/profile;
to administer and monitor our website and apps, including to ensure that content is
presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device, and to allow you to participate in interactive features when you choose to.
Do we share personal information?
We do not generally share your personal information with third parties but there are
instances where we are required by law to do so; where we need to do so in order to provide
you with our services and/or where you have consented to us sharing your personal
information with third parties. Where we share your information with service provides we
conclude agreements (where possible) to ensure that your personal information is only used
for the purpose for which we collected it from you.
We will share your personal information:
to transmit information regarding your TFG Money Account application and
maintenance of your TFG Money Account to registered credit bureaus, the South
African Credit and Risk Reporting Association, and any other organisation representing credit bureaus;
to manage and operate your TFG Money Account i.e. sending you communication;
to instruct our debt collectors or attorneys in the event that your TFG Money Account is in arrears;
to submit reports to any of our regulators, SARS or Ombuds;
if you have consented to this - to third parties who will contact you about special offers and further;
to process your information for the express purpose of conducting analytics and to
develop insights;
to maintain any special offers/products/subscriptions/services you have taken up with
us, and/or to maintain your insurance cover (if applicable) with the relevant service provider;
to provide information to our core service providers and third party platforms as
required for our business to function; for example, picking, packaging and processing
orders, fulfilling deliveries, customer support, fraud detection, credit risk reduction
checks and IT systems support;
in addition to our own internal data analytics activities, with services such as those
offered by Google, Facebook, Instagram and other similar social media platforms to
better tailor our marketing communications and for targeted advertising. As part of
this process, some personal information, such as your e-mail address, is provided to
the relevant third party, however for security purposes this data is “hashed” prior to
being shared. Hashing is a process of identity masking or “pseudonymisation” which
means we do not disclose your e-mail address but this still enables linking between
your social media presence and our records;
with our commercial partners with whom we collaborate to enhance existing product
offerings as well as to develop new products to ensure that you always receive the
best products and services that we and our commercial partners have to offer.
How do we protect your personal information?
Protecting and securing your information is very important to us and we will take all
reasonable and practicable steps to ensure that your personal information is secure. We
stay up-to-date with industry best practice and the latest technologies. Should you have any
questions regarding the safety of your personal information, you are welcome to contact our
Information Officer or the relevant Deputy Information Officer. Their details are contained in
our PAIA manual (under Access to Information), which is available on our website:
https://tfglimited.co.za/access-to-information
.
How long do we keep your personal information?
We keep your personal information for as long as any contractual and legal requirements,
credit risk, fraud detection and customer service periods require, as well as to comply with
regulatory requirements, and the resolution of disputes or fraud prevention.
Will we send your personal information out of the country?
TFG may process and store your personal information outside of South Africa. We may also
receive and process personal information which is transferred from other TFG subsidiaries
outside of South Africa.
TFG endeavours to transfer personal information to countries which offer the same level of
protection as the Protection of Personal Information Act and/or the transfer is in terms of an
agreement which provides an adequate level of protection.
Minors
If you are a minor (under the age of the 18 years), please ensure that you have your
parent’s/guardian’s permission to operate any TFG website or app. Your parent/guardian must ensure that they consent on your behalf to the processing activities set out in this Statement.
Your choices
It is very important to us that you are aware of your rights when it comes to your personal
information and we therefore need to inform you of the following options:
you may enquire what personal information about you we hold and process;
you may ask us to update, correct and/or delete your personal information;
you may unsubscribe from any of our direct marketing communication;
you may object to us processing your personal information.
To update, correct, to delete or de-identify your information (where possible), please contact Customer Services on the telephone number below. Please also refer to TFG’s PAIA Manual for the process to request access to certain records which we may hold about you.
When you opt-in to TFG marketing, you are opted-in to all of our lifestyle brands and channels. When you opt-out of a particular channel, you are opted-out of that particular channel for that brand. In order to opt-out of all TFG marketing (for all brands and channels), please contact Customer Services on the number below. Note: it could take up to 48 hours for your updated election to take effect.
TFG’s contact information
Telephone:                    Head Office on +27 (0) 938 1911
Customer Services on 0860 834 834
Email:
Proatia1@tfg.co.za
Address:                        Stanley Lewis Building, 340 Voortrekker Road, Parow East, 7500
Website:
https://tfglimited.co.za/
Download our PAIA Manual
We ask you to inform us when your personal information changes so that we can keep your details up-to-date.
The Information Regulator (South Africa)
If you are not happy with our response, or you feel aggrieved in any manner whatsoever, you may contact the Information Regulator on the numbers below.
Telephone:
Head Office on +27 (0) 10 023 5200
Cellphone on +27 (0) 82 746 4173
Email:
Complaints –
complaints.IR@justice.gov.za
General enquiries –
inforeg@justice.gov.za
Address:
JD House, 27 Stiemens Street
Braamfontein, 2001 (with effect from 1 April 2021)
or P.O Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017
Amendments to this privacy statement
We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time, but we will always ensure that the latest version is shown on our websites and apps.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us on
Proatia1@tfg.co.za
.
[Version date:11 June 2021]
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
That’s Great!
Thank you for your feedback
Sorry! We couldn't be helpful
Thank you for your feedback
Your e-mail address
*
Let us know how can we improve this article!
*
Need more information
Difficult to understand
Inaccurate/irrelevant content
Missing/broken link
Select at least one of the reasons
Please give your comments
CAPTCHA verification is required.
Cancel
Send
Feedback sent
We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article
Articles in this folder -
Website And App Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement
Online Shopping Terms & Conditions
Access to information
You may like to read -
How to dispute a security-related order cancellation
TFG Money Lay-By Terms & Conditions
TFG Rewards Terms & Conditions
TFG Money Account (South Africa) Terms & Conditions
X
0 of 0
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語