Privacy Policy
Developer Flush Alert takes privacy and security seriously. Flush Alert and its products(“we” or “us”) are committed to
    protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to all services and
    products by Flush Alert Before using our services, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our
    collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this document.
We may employ third party companies to facilitate our services.The Personal Information that we collect is used for
    providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in
    this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
    Stock Scanner unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
When this policy mentions “we” or “us”, it refers to the controller of your information under this document. While
    using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to
    contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal
    Information").
You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical
    information about Your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to
    facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to You (if any) related to the
    Licensed Application. We may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify You,
    to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to You.
Non-personal data: For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "on-personal data"" means information that does not directly
    identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means aggregate and de-personalized information, which is about the
    use of app Services data collected by Flush Alert, from which any personally identifiable data has been
    removed.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally
    identifiable information, including but not limited to idfv. The information that we request will be retained by us
    and used as described in this privacy policy
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
        by the app
Google
            Analytics for Firebase
Firebase
            Crashlytics
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google could services and AWS for data storage, collect,
        monitor and analyze.
You recognize and agree that the analytic companies utilized by us may combine the information collected with
        other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities.
These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. We reserve the right to update or
        change our privacy policy at any time, and you should check this privacy policy regularly. After we post any
        changes to this privacy policy on this page, your continued use of this service will constitute your
        acknowledgement of the changes, and your agreement to abide by and be bound by the revised privacy policy.
Log Data
Like many App operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our App ("Log Data").
We may use tools or third party analytic software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that
    does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data include, but are not limited to: your computer's
    Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our App that you visit, the time and
    date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics, device software platform and firmware,
    unique device identifier or other device identifier.
We may use collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving,
    managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
    to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that
    use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
    these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not
    be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The
    reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use
    the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable
    means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
    storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that
    site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy
    Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
    practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
    information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
    information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
    your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary
    actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any
    changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-06-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
    Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
flushalert@outlook.com
.